“Reiji! Drive it in! Drive it in and slam your mana into it!”

As if replying to Suimei’s cry, Reiji focused all his mana into his sword

and used it as an intermediary to drive it into the golem. Under the

tremendous pressure, his shining orichalcum blade snapped where it was

stabbed into the golem.

“A-Agh, my sword!”

“Reiji!”

In the middle of the shower of sparks like a lightning shower, Suimei

used his magicka to tear Reiji away. The golem then regained its balance

and stood up again.

“Ugh, it’s no good. Just one more push... We’re just one push short!”

“Making it so damn tenacious... Wait here a sec. I’ll make a sword.”

Pulling the vial of quicksilver from his suit pocket once more, Suimei

was just about to conjure his mercurial katana again, when...

“No.”

“Reiji?”

Without reflecting on the danger, Reiji stepped forth. Just what was he

trying to do? Did he find that one push they needed to win? Or was this just

the foolhardiness of a desperate hero? The answer soon came out of Reiji’s

own mouth...

“Give me power... Sacrament, answer my desires once more!”

As Reiji clenched the Sacrament tight in his hand, his body was

swallowed by the blue light coming from the Lapis Judaicus.

Victory was certainly within grasp. The plan Suimei had worked out was

perfect. He’d given them an opportunity to take out the earthen giant. All

that was left was to take the final step and do it.

But Reiji hadn’t been able to finish the job. The giant was still moving.

In short, he alone didn’t have the power to do it. There was only that one

step left, but he fell one step short.

And so he prayed. He prayed for the Sacrament to answer him. He

wanted it, and he wanted it badly. Once more—just once more—he wanted

it to answer his voice.

Not a moment later, a world he’d never seen before washed over him.

It wasn’t the long, long tunnel filled with muddy darkness he’d

witnessed before. He should have been standing in the courtyard of

Hadorious’s mansion, but he now found himself in a wheat field bathed in

the golden glow of the sun. It was like a scene straight out of a Western

painting.

“Just where...”

When he looked around him, there was wheat as far as the eye could

see. Far in the distance he spied a mountain through a hazy fog. He couldn’t

even be sure if it had a base that touched the earth. A mild breeze would

sometimes blow, putting gentle, rustling waves in the ocean of sheaves.

Reiji slowly began walking with no particular destination. He had no

guide to show him the way, but as he proceeded through the wheat field, a

white arbor eventually came into view. It was just like some historic ruin

that had fallen into decay. He got closer to take a look and saw a pure white

pillar that had collapsed. There was also a white canopy made of stone, as

well as a single table and a few chairs left behind.

“Just what is this...?”

Bewilderment seized him and he stood there stock-still in the midst of it

all. He raised a hand and touched one of the pillars, and a sensation like the

shock of a weak electric current ran through him.

The pure white pillars appeared to be made of stone, but contrary to his

expectations, they weren’t stone at all. They were metal. The moment he

touched one, he understood. For he recognized the sensation... It was the

same thing he felt when he gripped the Sacrament.

“Then, all of this white stuff...”

The entire arbor was made of the same of the same material as the

Sacrament’s blade. It bore a resemblance to white porcelain, but it was

decidedly metallic. Reiji stared at it all in wonder, and his eyes fell upon the

collapsed pillar...

“Oh my, to think a visitor would come here... No, in this case, I suppose

I may be the visitor myself.”

Reiji suddenly heard a youthful voice from somewhere very nearby. He

turned around to see a Scandinavian-looking man with a single scar running

straight across his brow leaning back in one of the chairs.

How long had he been there? Reiji certainly hadn’t seen anyone when

he’d first arrived. It was like the man had appeared out of nowhere, but it

was also like he’d been sitting there forever. His arms and legs were all

stretched out like he was simply relaxing.

The man with the scar had short, blond hair and blue eyes. He wore

select pieces of armor over a white military uniform and held a spear in one

hand. His figure was impressive and imposing. His left ear was long like an

elf’s but split in three like a fork, while his right ear looked perfectly

human.

“Ah—”

It suddenly set upon Reiji. He abruptly understood that this man wasn’t

human. He had a humanoid figure, certainly, but his very presence was

different... larger. The man seemed to find Reiji’s bewilderment interesting,

however, and looked at him from several angles. Reiji simply stood there,

perplexed by his gaze, but the man seemed to come to some kind of

realization. His eyes suddenly went wide and he clapped his hands together.

“Oho! You’re a human youngster, huh? To think someone as earnest and

straightforward as you would be chosen... It’s seriously the end of the

world. Well, I suppose that was already in motion eons ago...”

The man with the scar seemed to find some oblique joke of his own

making quite funny and began chuckling to himself. Reiji was still rather

confounded, and couldn’t help asking...

“Um, who are you?”

“Me? I’m the owner of that thing you have. Well, if you’re here, I

suppose I should say ‘former owner,’ but I’m sure you get the point.”

“That thing...?”

“Yes, that thing you’re holding in your hand right there.”

When Reiji looked down to where the man was pointing with his finger,

he saw he did indeed have something firmly gripped in his hand. He was

unconsciously holding on to it with all his strength. Reiji then looked up at

the man, who nodded in response. He then looked down again and slowly

uncurled his hand.

“The Sacrament...”

“That’s right. The crystal sword Ishar Cluster.”

It was the mystical weapon that had saved him when he fought against

Ilzarl and again against Grallajearus—the Sacrament. It was a weapon he’d

obtained in the strange world he’d been summoned to, and one Suimei had

warned him was incredibly dangerous. It was currently in its ornamental

form, just like it had been stored in the self-governed state for ages. This

man claimed to be its former owner... but that was a bit hard to swallow.

“I heard... that the former owner of this artifact had passed.”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Is it...? Then if you’re here right now, just what are you?”

“I wonder. But, as you said, there’s no mistaking that I died. I remember

it well. The vestiges of it are all in here.”

The man tapped on his forehead with his index finger as he mustered a

humble laugh. Reiji was a little perplexed at this man’s openhearted

frankness, but in a complete one-eighty, he suddenly looked very serious.

“Now, whether I’m dead or alive has nothing to do with you. More

importantly, come in.”

“S-Sure...”

The man gestured Reiji over to a chair, which he sat down in awkwardly.

Coming into contact with the metal, as expected, he felt that small charge of

current run through his body. The man then unrestrainedly plunked down in

the chair across from him.

“Let’s see... Back in my time, this kind of thing didn’t happen, so it’s

quite interesting to me. I suppose even in this form, I can still experience all

kinds of things, huh? You may be witnessing something quite rare, you

know?”

The man laughed heartily with a know-it-all gleam in his eye, but Reiji

then moved straight to the point.

“Um, where is this?”

“Here? I wonder... I don’t really know myself. It could be the dead

center of the Astral Line, or it could be inside the Sacrament’s blade, or it

could be the twilight awaiting everyone at the very end of all things. I never

got to find out. However, without a doubt, this is where those who are

chosen by the source inevitably arrive. You and I are both here. That’s all it

means.”

“The source...?”

Thinking back on it, Suimei had said something quite similar when they

talked about the Sacrament. He said the Sacrament was where all consumed

energy in the world arrived, that it would be the key to saving the world

from heat death.

“Wait... Could you be a commoner? Fie! What’s with that?! A brat who

isn’t even fully grown and knows nothing at all got a hold of that? And was

chosen? Haaahh, it’s seriously the end of the world.”

“Um...”

“Take a look over there.”

Reiji had no idea what the man was going on about and simply waited

patiently for an explanation. The man then let out a grand sigh and pointed

behind him. Following his finger with his gaze, Reiji spied a black

monolith.

“Is that... a gravestone?”

“Don’t call it that. Call it an inscription, an inscription! It should be a

record of the guys who are still alive.”

Rising from his chair, Reiji went to take a closer look. He saw the word

“Lapis” written in blue letters, as well as many other words written in all

manner of languages. They seemed to fall into two categories: ones that

were glowing and ones that weren’t. One glowing set of words captured

Reiji’s attention in particular.

“This... This is my name.”

Indeed, Shana Reiji’s name was engraved on the black monolith in

brilliant blue letters.

“That’s what you guys would call an acceptance, and a contract is now

in place.”

“Acceptance? Contract?”

“That’s right. With this, when you up and die, you’ll happily be going

over there to get swallowed by the whirlpool of blue light. That, or you’ll be

sent to the well of twilight with those other guys...”

Reiji again had no idea what the man was going on about. He could

intuit that it was extremely important, but deciphering it and finding any

further meaning in it right now was completely beyond him.

“Hey, this is totally unrelated, but is the Kingdom of Zelvana still

around?”

It was a name Reiji recalled hearing before.

“Yes. If I remember right, they’re still in the middle of a war.”

“So it’s still around, huh? Then it’ll probably be fine. As long as the

knights are still kicking, things’ll work out somehow.” The man then

chuckled to himself again. “So, just what did you come here for, boy? No,

that’s a stupid question. You all come here for the same thing—the power to

rebel. That’s what you’re looking for too, isn’t it? Power?”

He was right on the mark. Reiji had prayed to the Sacrament so that he

could take down the foe he faced, and that was how he’d ended up here.

That was it exactly, which seemed to indicate that the man before him now

was none other than the answer to his prayers.

“Um, I’d like you to teach me how to use this. I can’t seem to do it

freely...”

“Use it, huh? And freely? How ambiguous. Do you want to master it?

Do you want techniques from it? Or maybe you simply want the signature

spell behind Ishar Cluster’s sword? You have to be more specific than that.”

“...I see...”

The man meant to say that Reiji’s desire was too abstract. Hearing those

rather blunt words, Reiji’s shoulders fell. The man suddenly looked rather

exasperated and spoke up once more.

“Hey, hey now... Don’t go making that kinda face. You’re a swordsman

that made it all the way here, right? You came here with a single purpose,

right? Besides, it’s not like you’ve reached a dead end in getting stronger,

right?”

“To overcome the menace that threatens me... I want power no matter

what. It doesn’t matter what it is, I just need the power to fight.”

Reiji spoke his true intentions—his heart—without the slightest hint of

deception. The man responded with a grand sigh as he rubbed his ear.

“I guess there’s no helping it, huh? It’ll be a shame for you to go back