Earnestly run forward for the sake of happiness. So... what’s the counter to

all that? An aged man who invites sleep? Or a child who pretends to be a

badger? A monster who manipulates gravity? None of that’s right, huh? The

thing that opposes it in the most simplified way possible is—”

Ressentiment—something created by Christianity to affirm the

coexistence of God and the wealthy. It was the notion of the false happiness

attributed to the poor, a curse which gave a vested interest to the masses.

Nietzsche spoke of it as the gnashing one’s teeth in powerlessness, the curse

of society. People would torment themselves over inequality until the day

they died; it was an unbelievably deep form of resentment. That was what

threatened Nietzsche the most.

That was the answer, but it felt weak. As long as the concept of

ressentiment did not exist in this world, Suimei wouldn’t be able to bring it

about easily, and it wouldn’t be accompanied by much power. That said,

there was a good analogue. Yes, the pent-up resentment and envy of this

world that the fanatically corrupt used...

“Liliana... I’ll be borrowing your magic.”

In short, it was dark magic. Misunderstood as an Element by Liliana and

the mages of this world, it was magicka that made use of a concentrated

body of malice. After telling Liliana not to use it as her mentor, Suimei

dabbling in it would be setting a bad example, but this was a special case.

After Suimei had been muttering to himself, his friends grew concerned

over his sudden silence.

“Suimei?”

“...Yeah, I’ve got my thoughts in order. Reiji, I’ll prepare the spell to

compromise the golem’s invincibility. You go on out and make sure you can

line up a clean strike. I want you to move around and keep it busy. You got

that?”

Using the twig as a pointer again, Suimei thrust it towards Reiji with a

snap. And Reiji nodded back at him.

“Mm. If it’s just moving around, then I’m fine. It’s pretty slow and easy

to read.”

“Good. For the time being, I’ll start firing off some magicka to make

them think we’re desperate. Things are probably gonna get a little

chaotic...”

“W-Wait a sec! What kinda plan is that?! You said you’d prepare a spell,

but you haven’t actually told Reiji-kun what he’s supposed to do?”

“Do I have to? If the spell works, it won’t be invincible anymore.”

“Yeah. And if it doesn’t work, we’ll just think of another way.”

“E-Even so...”

Mizuki still seemed reluctant, and Suimei spoke up as if he knew what

she was thinking.

“You know, Mizuki, what am I gonna accomplish, exactly, by telling

Reiji what to do? Do you want me to give him a play-by-play on how to

slice and dice his opponent?”

“That might be difficult... I was kinda just hoping you would let me

freestyle it.”

“Okay, fine... You boys are always like this.”

Mizuki let out an astonished and defeated sigh after hearing their little

exchange, but seemed reassured. Really, this was nothing to be astonished

about. Whenever they ran into trouble back home, this was basically the lax

strategy they’d adopt. And as far as Suimei was concerned, they’d spent

enough time on tactics. He poked his head out from cover and peeked at

Hadorious.

“As I suspected, it seems the duke doesn’t intend on moving.”

“That guy said that he was testing me, so I don’t think he has any

intention of really harming us. Since the golem has arrived as a new

measuring instrument, I bet he won’t make a move until it’s defeated.”

Hearing that, Suimei snapped the twig he was holding in two.

“Alright, let’s defeat it lickety-split and slug him in the face. Twice.”

“Okay, sounds good.”

“Strategy meeting adjourned.”

“Then I’m off. Suimei, I’ll be counting on you for that spell. If it doesn’t

work, you owe me one.”

“Oh, leave it to me.”

Hearing Suimei’s confident reply, Reiji jumped out of cover and charged

at the golem all according to plan. Watching him go, Suimei shot a flash

spell at it too, but didn’t give any word of warning to Reiji. And Reiji never

looked back. There was no need—they trusted in each other completely.

After everything they’d been through together, they were battle brothers.

If it’s Suimei, even if he’s a cynical jerk, once he makes a decision, he’ll

follow with everything he’s got. So if he’s the one supporting me, I know he

has my back.

If it’s Reiji, once he puts his trust in someone, that’s absolute. He’d never

doubt or falter, and that’s why he won’t look back... He’ll simply keep

trusting in me and pushing forward.

It would be the bond they shared that gave them the upper hand here.

Reiji was leading the golem around by the nose, and Suimei was slowing it

down with magicka. Hadorious, on the other hand, wasn’t doing anything at

all. The mirage man was likely around somewhere, but didn’t seem to be

doing anything either. Was it because they genuinely thought Suimei and

his friends were desperate? As the golem grew slower and slower, it seemed

like things were starting to turn in their favor.

And with the absolute trust between Suimei and Reiji, there wasn’t a

single opening to be had in their teamwork. They acted in perfect

coordination like they’d planned the whole thing as they worked together

towards the same goal. There would be no stopping them as long as they

shared that connection.

“The golem, one of the ultimate arts of the Kabbalah... At first it was an

artificial human created by a rabbi. It’s a being that faithfully obeys its

creator’s orders, the result of the endless desires of man... And to fulfill

your master’s desires, you were made to appear as perfection— No, to test

our power and knowledge, you manifest the thoughts of Nietzsche.”

Unprompted, Suimei began deciphering the existence of this golem. It

was like he was reinforcing his own ideas, strengthening the foundation for

the phenomenon to come.

“God is dead... Those words from a dream—until today, those words

have been interpreted in every possible way. They affirm the free will of

man and deny his sins. Its foundations lie in the restraint of one’s swelling

vested interests, and it’s a certain step in guiding humanity down a new

path. And what brings that to the fore is that grandiose idea advocated by

Christianity. That which is meant to encourage the weak, and makes them

resent the strong—yes, ressentiment.”

Yes, what Christianity continued to imprint on the masses was exactly

that. They used the discontent of the poor to confirm the existence of God.

“It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich

person to enter the kingdom of God.” The strong go to hell and the weak to

heaven. The same idea was used to justify disparities in wealth. Poverty is

righteous. Honorable. And in that sense, Christianity teaches ultimate

righteousness.

It sounded good when using it to console and encourage the poor, yet it

was really nothing but a means to quell any uprisings in regard to vested

interests. It’s fine to resent the rich, but remain honorably poor. That will

get you into heaven, and there you can at last look down on the rich in hell.

And so the poor would remain poor until death. Nietzsche despaired at

that thought. He understood that living in this world meant such suffering,

and in order to overcome that, he declared that God was dead. Honorable

poverty would never bring the poor happiness. If the toil of those who

worked their hands to the bone went unacknowledged, they too would go

unacknowledged forever. And so he denied the traditional Christian values

of the Western world.

In that case, the very idea of ressentiment was the binary opposite of his

approach. Malice, envy, hatred, and the dark magic made of them would be

the enemy of this golem. If the foundation of dark magic was the bitter

emotions of the world, the envy of the weak towards the strong would

definitely be included in that.

“Come, come, follow me. Use my blasphemous voice as a guide down

your path. Oh swirling and surging wills that all in the world find

abhorrent...”

After quickly putting a defensive circle at Mizuki’s feet, Suimei once

more unleashed his mana to increase the effect of his magicka, raising his

rank temporarily. Drawing an inverted pentagram with his hand held out

stiff like a blade, the mana that had been filling his surroundings was

devoured by the awakened malice. It turned darker than the black of

midnight, and from that black curtain of despair, more darkness bubbled

forth.

Those dark bubbles were crystal clear manifestations of malice. They

were the mystical force behind dark magic, and as more of them appeared, a

dark murmuring began swirling in the area.

Those voices were... They were the shrill shrieks of a woman yelling out

her bitterness. The hoarse voice of an old man taken by envy. The thick and

vulgar voice of a man eternally embroiled by deep resentment. The irritable

voice of an infant wailing.

Assaulting everyone’s ears, the cacophonous torrent of voices pierced

their brains, rang out, and transformed Hadorious’s courtyard into a grim

concert hall. When the audible malevolence fell around Reiji, he finally

called out to Suimei with sense of urgency.

“S-Suimei! I know you mean well, but this is a little intense!”

“Suck it up! If I don’t do this much, there won’t be any effect! You have

that divine protection of that Goddess or whatever, so I’m pretty sure you’ll

be fine!”

“You’re pretty sure?! It won’t be funny if you defeat your ally before

defeating your enemy, damn it!”

As one would expect, even Reiji had apprehensions about what Suimei

was doing. But while he continued to complain...

“Oh Darkness. Thou art the fleeting black that paints this world far and

wide. Mix into magnificence, transform it all to sinisterness, and pluck all

sprouts of fate. Eva, Zurdick, Rozeia, Deivikusd, Reianima...”

And then came the keywords, extolling despair like a eulogy...

“Transient Hope.”

What Suimei used to compromise the golem’s invincibility was the very

dark magic that Liliana had once used. And with his own rhetoric and

savage names, he strengthened it even further.

The darkness then bubbled so thickly that it crowded the air. The

bubbles then turned sharply and all closed in on the golem. And just as

Suimei planned, each one pierced the golem’s body. As if its footing had

suddenly become unsteady, the golem abruptly shook violently as it

staggered. Seeing this, Suimei yelled out to his friend locked in combat

with the automaton.

“That’s it! Now, Reiji!”

“Yeah!”

Reiji shouted back in confident reply, and then...

“HAAAAAAAAH!”

Reiji’s piercing battle cry rang through the courtyard. With his sword at

the ready like he was about to shoot a rifle and his back lowered, he let out

a great roar. It was as if he were unfurling great fighting spirit or mana. He

then fell quiet and silently pierced the golem’s body with his brilliant

orichalcum sword.

“—!”

Now he was only roaring in his heart as he slew his foe. After severing

the desperate arm that swung at him in a single stroke, his sword penetrated

the golem’s enormous chest. It plunged deep into what he assumed would

be the golem’s core.

“RAAAAAAAAH!”

Reiji then let out another roar as he thrust his sword even deeper. The

golem squirmed and tried to come at Reiji with its remaining arm, but Reiji

poured everything he had into taking the mechanical beast down and paid it

no mind.

“S-Suimei-kun, wh-what about backing him up...?”

“Nah. If I fired off a spell now, it would be dangerous for Reiji. Besides,

the only one who could finish that thing off is Reiji.”

“Only Reiji-kun...?”

“That’s right. The ones who deny Nietzsche are consequently the idols

of God. In the end, Nietzsche’s focus was held captive by God, after all.

And since Reiji is divinely blessed, he’s kind of the embodiment of that.”

Indeed, Reiji bore the divine blessing of the Goddess Alshuna. He

wielded a fraction of her power, which was a direct challenge to the idea

that divinity was dead. Even in this world, the fortune and misfortune of the

people was determined by a higher power. God or Goddess, it didn’t really

make a difference.