mirror, she would reflect her opponent unerringly without betraying herself.

Like a still body of water, she was perfectly serene. It would be whoever

approached her that created ripples—not her.

Considering her apparent level of skill, Rogue was still working out how

to keep her confined as he observed her. The master of the mansion had

requested that Rogue personally asses the abilities of any heroes that

infiltrated the mansion, but...

To think they snuck their way in here so easily...

Security in the duke’s estate was tight and thorough. He had a small

army of private soldiers—each and every one of which was a highly-trained

mercenary—stationed throughout the mansion. Not even a cat would get

past them. Rogue was quite sure that it would be no small feat for even he

himself to breach the mansion as it was. Yet nevertheless, these children had

seemingly gotten in with ease.

That told him, first and foremost, that he wouldn’t be able to confine

them as he’d imagined. Guarding the mansion wasn’t actually Rogue’s job,

so the lapse of vigilance in the duke’s private soldiers wasn’t of particular

concern to him. That is, it wouldn’t have been were it not for the girl

standing in the room with him now. Rogue’s mission was specifically this:

in the event another hero infiltrated the mansion in an attempt to rescue

Elliot, he was to detain the hero and their companions while getting an idea

of their power.

But for this group to have infiltrated the duke’s mansion so effortlessly,

Rogue knew that Suimei Yakagi must be among them. He knew firsthand

that Suimei, who waded in an abyss of magic unknown to this world, was

virtually immune to all forms of material security. His skills, by Rogue’s

assessment, were extremely valuable.

As I thought, it was right to entrust that child to him...

And if Suimei was here, that meant a certain someone else was as well

—Liliana. A smart, diligent girl like her would make an excellent

accomplice on a stealthy mission like this. Rogue had caught a glimpse of

her already. He wasn’t surprised to see her face, but he was surprised to see

that life and hope had returned to it. She was a different girl from when he’d

seen her last. From what he could tell, she’d also stopped using dark magic.

Moreover, he couldn’t sense any trace of the dark power that had held such

a firm grasp over her in the past. From what he could see of the skin around

her eyepatch, even the dreaded brand that marked all petitioners of the dark

arts had completely vanished. It seemed she’d been freed of that curse.

And upon realizing that, Rogue came to appreciate the bullet he’d

dodged. His job was to detain the hero and her companions. Dealing with

them all at once would have been both difficult and dangerous. It also

would have made it significantly harder to get an accurate read on their

individual abilities—particularly the hero’s. Working together, they may

have even eluded him. However, fortunately for Rogue, Hatsumi had come

at him alone.

To think she would charge in like this of her own accord...

Rogue couldn’t stop smiling at this unexpected turn of events. It wasn’t

a sinister, ridiculing smile, either. It was a joyous, lofty one. Hatsumi had

come alone because she’d sensed the fighting spirit of another swordsman.

Rogue was thrilled. It was the highest compliment he could receive.

But he was also keenly aware that the hero’s abilities couldn’t be

underestimated. Judging just by Elliot Austin of El Meide, the heroes

summoned this time around far surpassed the norm. And Hatsumi appeared

to be no exception. Normally, heroes were largely recognized as vessels of

the Goddess’s power. And looking back at the heroes summoned in the past,

that was mostly all they’d ever been.

But something was different about this generation—or at least these two.

They had their own powers and were already making great strides in the

fight against the demons. Hatsumi knew sword techniques so powerful they

defied reason, while Elliot had a special knack for both the blade and

magic. Considering their inherent power, the one to bear the brunt of the

Goddess’s favor had been the hero of Astel, Reiji, but...

“I can’t see him...”

The hero’s murmuring shook Rogue from his idle thoughts. Standing in

the dead center of the room, she appeared to be perplexed at finding herself

ostensibly alone. Her words just now indicated she knew quite well that she

wasn’t the only person in the room. She’d undoubtedly sensed the fighting

spirit Rogue was emitting—that was why she’d come in the first place, and

why she had unleashed her own keen fighting spirit. It was a force to be

reckoned with, and even the minimal furnishings in the room began

creaking as she slowly pushed it outward. It was like she was inviting

Rogue to make his move anytime—if he didn’t, she would find him soon

enough at this rate.

This is certainly quite intense.

The situation piqued Rogue’s interest. Perhaps this was his destiny as a

man who walked the path of the blade...

My inner swordsman wants to fight.

But it seemed to be bad timing for that thought to pass through his mind.

Sensing the hero’s killing intent suddenly swelling, Rogue swiftly darted

from one shadow to another to get away.

“There!”

“...!”

Not a moment later, Hatsumi’s katana came down where Rogue had just

been. It seemed she’d felt the subtle shift in his emotions and subsequently

his fighting spirit, which gave his location away. And now that she’d clearly

identified the source of the fighting spirit that had eluded her so far,

Hatsumi corrected her stance and spoke out boldly.

“I don’t know who you are, but you’re rather good at hiding your spirit,

aren’t you? It’s quite commendable.”

“...It’s an honor to receive such praise from a hero of salvation.”

Judging that there was no longer any reason to completely conceal

himself, Rogue spoke up from the shadows. After he honestly accepted her

praise, Hatsumi stood up straight as if to show her opponent respect.

“Then you must already know who I am... But allow me to introduce

myself to you as a swordswoman. My name is Kuchiba Hatsumi. If you

have no objections, I would like to hear your name as well.”

Hatsumi introduced herself in keeping with good swordfighting

etiquette, but though it pained him, Rogue couldn’t return the gesture. His

silence told Hatsumi what she needed to know, and she then spoke up again

in a somewhat disappointed tone.

“...So you won’t do me the honor, huh?”

“If this were any normal match, I would be happy to. But the

circumstances being what they are, I must refrain. I am duty-bound not to

reveal myself.”

“In that case...”

Hatsumi sullenly lowered her head. It appeared she was rather let down

over this development, but her seemingly low spirits suddenly exploded

into a burst of fighting spirit.

“Then there’s no reason to be reserved, right?!”

The moment she yelled out, Hatsumi swung her katana from where she

was standing. Rogue was well outside the range of her naked blade, but

unexpectedly, he sensed imminent danger from it. He ducked low in the

shadows and heard something strike the wall just behind him.

“—!”

Hatsumi was still standing in place, her eyes closed, as if she was some

living monument to the attack she’d just unleashed. Daring to look away for

a moment, Rogue glanced over his shoulder. There was a clean cut in the

wall like sharp blade had sliced right through it.

“This is...”

It was a perfect demonstration of Hatsumi’s rumored skill with a blade.

It was said that the entire Alliance army was in awe of her slashes that were

unrestricted by the physical length of her sword. She used a technique that

judged everything before her and punished it by the justice of her blade. It

was...

“Yes, this is the definition of a secret killing art.”

It sounded as though Rogue was returning Hatsumi’s praise from earlier,

but she took no pride in it. Instead, she shook her head with a humble smile.

“Not even close. If you think that’s a secret killing art, you’d fall right

over if you saw someone like my dad in action.”

Rogue could sense that her humility wasn’t in jest. And if what she was

saying was true, then the hero’s father had surpassed even her tremendous

ability. At that thought, Rogue could feel his blood run cold. It was just like

the chill a skilled warrior would feel run down their spine upon sensing

danger.

“If that’s not a bluff... then he must be quite a terrifying man.”

“He is; you don’t have to take my word for it. He’s not like a certain

someone I know, but he’s long surpassed human limits. More

importantly...” There, Hatsumi paused and began looking around the room

as if she was searching for something. “This technique of yours that renders

you invisible is a little insane, but... doesn’t that kind of thing normally

wear down gradually once your presence is discovered? How are you

keeping it up?”

“I apologize, but I can’t reveal the secret, you see...”

“Of course not.”

Hatsumi could understand that much, and didn’t pry any further. She

knew asking someone to reveal a secret technique was a tall order. If she

truly wanted to know, she would have to ask with her sword and unravel the

answer as the two of them clashed. Rogue, however, didn’t seem to think it

would be that easy. He was excellent at keeping secrets, and had no

intention of giving away one he’d cultivated personally. He hadn’t earned

the title “Sword Master of the Lonely Shadow” for nothing.

But he couldn’t say for sure that he wouldn’t have the tables turned on

him. He was up against a hero, after all. As for Hatsumi, her strange clothes

and golden hair fluttered this way and that as she vigorously whipped about,

scanning the room. She was in constant motion scouring the place for her

opponent, and her movements were liquid smooth as she turned one way

and then the next.

This may yet be a back-breaking job...

As that thought crossed his mind, Rogue couldn’t help the smile that

crossed his lips.

★

Behind closed doors in the duke’s mansion, Hatsumi held her katana

ready at eye level, vigilant of an opponent she couldn’t yet see.

She was a proud student of the Kuchiba school of the Phantom Sword of

the Kurikara Dharani. Even in such a situation, she wouldn’t let her guard

down. And she wouldn’t let her emotions get in her way, either. Right now,

her heart was concentrating on one thing and one thing alone—her sword.

As Hatsumi continued to scour the room for her opponent, her shadow

danced around her, mirroring her movements. She knew he was likely

hiding somewhere within the darkness, but because she hadn’t the powers

of a magician, she couldn’t identify where. There were sconces on each of

the four walls of the room, casting multiple shadows in every direction. She

knew any one of them might be hiding her opponent. Such a technique was

extremely mysterious to her, but perhaps this was normal for those who

manipulated the mysteries. She continued to turn in circles, the dim

candlelight glinting off of her long mithril blade.

The reason Hatsumi had charged in here on her own in the first place

was because she’d sensed the presence of another swordsman. It was but a

flash, like an invitation for someone to come find it, which had stoked her

interest. She’d responded as a swordswoman and come alone for a fight, but

upon arriving in the room, her opponent was mysteriously absent. He

appeared to be nowhere and cloaked his presence, which made it seem like

he wasn’t after a fair fight after all.

As a swordswoman, Hatsumi was somewhat dissatisfied, but she didn’t

think this was a worst case scenario. From their brief conversation, she

could tell that her opponent was indeed a proud swordsman, so even if they

weren’t having a proper fight, she didn’t think he would do anything that

strayed from that path. That also meant that, even if he was fairly defeated,

he wouldn’t have any regrets or hold any grudges over it. And to have

encountered an opponent like that, Hatsumi was grateful.

That voice... Must be some sour old man, huh?

From what she’d heard of his voice, she estimated that her invisible

opponent was somewhere around her father’s age. Of course, it wasn’t

really fair to compare anyone to her unusually spry father who always

managed to seem youthful despite his years, but this man’s serious and

composed tone was not unlike her father’s. True strength wasn’t measured

by physical strength alone. No matter how much fighting spirit Hatsumi

unleashed, this man stayed perfectly poised and hidden, not making a single

ripple that would betray his location. There wasn’t even the slightest hint of

fear in his voice when he spoke to her.