But Io Kuzami aside, Reiji and Suimei couldn’t let their guards down.

They turned their attention back to their opponent, but just as they were

about to go on the offensive, something swooped down on them. A shock

ran through the ground and a giant cloud of dust and dirt billowed upward

in the middle of the courtyard. It was like a building had collapsed. As the

rapidly expanding dust cloud threatened to engulf them, Suimei and Reiji

swiftly leaped back.

“Tch... What now?”

“Something big came down from above, I think...”

Reiji didn’t sound entirely certain; he’d only caught a glimpse of it with

his enhanced dynamic vision. However, the dust cloud cleared before too

long, revealing what had landed between them and Hadorious.

“Hey, hey now...

“That’s...”

“Oho?”

Suimei, Reiji, and Io Kuzami all responded in synchronized surprise.

For what had appeared before them had the figure of an enormous man, but

was made out of earth polished black. It was a golem.

In total, it was about five or six meters tall. It had no discernible waist,

but it had articulate fingers on each hand. It was clad in mana dense enough

to visibly glow red. It was apparently quite strong, as that was what was

holding it together.

“Is this the duke’s doing? No...”

That didn’t seem to be the case. Hadorious looked to be equally

confused by this sudden arrival, and was staring up at the roof. Moreover,

this golem didn’t look like the ones Suimei had seen so far in this world,

which meant...

“So that’s the deal, huh?”

All of the speculation that had been brewing in the back of Suimei’s

mind took form. He now knew for sure that Hadorious had kidnapped Elliot

because he had some kind of connection to them. Having figured that out,

Suimei smirked and dusted himself off. Meanwhile, Reiji took a brave leap

forward.

“A mere giant made of dirt, is it?”

“Yo, wait, Reiji! Hold your horses! Don’t be so rash!”

Reiji simply assumed the golem would be an easy opponent, and that

was certainly an easy trap to fall into. If it were simply an automaton made

of dirt, it should be no match for Reiji’s orichalcum sword backed by the

power of the Goddess. He could probably cleave it right in two—if it were a

golem of this world, anyway.

But Suimei’s warning came a second too late to stop Reiji’s assault on

the giant. He struck it with all his might, but the blow didn’t make a sound.

In fact, Reiji didn’t feel like he’d hit anything at all.

“There’s no... Urgh!”

As if swatting away a pesky mosquito, the golem indifferently swung its

arm. Reiji leaped to the side to evade. Having missed its mark, the golem’s

arm smashed into the ground with a fearsome shock that rattled the pit of

everyone’s stomach like the low rumble of distant thunder. It spat a cloud of

dust, dirt, and pebbles into the air in its wake. Reiji then took decisive

action without showing any fear. Aiming for the golem’s sluggish arm—

judging that its joints would be the easiest target—he swung his sword

boldly, but...

“Th-That doesn’t work either?! What’s going on here?!”

Just the same as before, the golem was unaffected by Reiji’s sword. Just

the same as before, it retaliated by swinging its arm like it was swatting

away an insect. And just the same as before, Reiji dodged the listless

motion by a wide margin. If this continued, it would be a difficult opponent

to take down.

When fighting an automaton, it was standard practice to defeat it by

taking out its master. That said, there was no sign of its master in sight. It

didn’t seem to be Hadorious, so going after him wouldn’t help. Moreover, if

they tried to, the golem would likely cover for him. It seemed to be his ally.

That being the case, Suimei determined that their first priority should be

knocking out this golem that was much tougher than it appeared to be. He

went to take action, but when he did, Io Kuzami stepped in front of him, her

arms fearlessly folded and her red muffler blowing in the wind.

“It’s about time that I take my turn— Huh?”

As Io Kuzami gallantly stepped forward to support her friends, she

suddenly cowered down on the spot.

“Hey, what’s wrong?!”

She was shaking. Something had clearly happened. Judging that she was

in harm’s way where she was, Suimei rushed to her side. By the time he got

to her, she stood up...

“...Huh? What?”

Sounding a lot like a baffled Mizuki, she began looking around in

bewilderment. Seeing this, Reiji called out to her as he continued dodging

the golem.

“Io Kuzami-san? What’s—”

“WHAAAT?! Reiji-kun, how could you?! You know you’re not ever

supposed to call me that, even as a joke! You do know that, right?!”

“H-Huh? Could it be... Mizuki? Is that you, Mizuki?”

“What are you talking about? Of course it’s me! More importantly,

where are we? Weren’t we in a cave in the Alliance...?”

It seemed Anou Mizuki had at last made her return, and she’d chosen

quite the stage for it. But... just what had happened to Io Kuzami? Reiji was

plumb flummoxed, Mizuki was completely bewildered, and Suimei was

absolutely dumbfounded.

“Mizuki, what the hell kinda timing is this? Wait a sec, is this revenge

for what I said just now?! Your personality is too damn evil, you mysterious

spirit!”

Suimei started yelling, but his words never reached Io Kuzami, who had

seemingly vanished. Mizuki, however, heard him loud and clear.

“Hey, what’s up with you two all of a sudden?! Why are you talking

about me like that?! Wait, why the heck is Suimei-kun even here?! In a suit,

no less... Actually, the suit with the long coat is pretty cool...”

As expected, Suimei’s black suit tickled Mizuki’s chuuni heart. She

beheld him with a fond gaze before something rather large caught her

attention. That something, of course, was none other than the golem.

“Wh-Wha...?”

There was a moment of confounded disbelief. Her mind was unable to

process the enormous thing in front of her, and she stiffened temporarily

before growing excited again.

“Huh? Th-Th-This is a golem! What’s going on? Seriously, what?! What

is this?! Suimei-kun, explain!”

“I will, but later! For now just shut up and be quiet! Also, get outta the

way and fall back!”

“I-I’d like to, but...”

“Ah, damn it!”

Mizuki was still somewhat frozen up and still rather disoriented. She

hardly knew which way to turn. Suimei let out an irritated groan, but used

his magicka to gently pick her up and pull her towards him before taking

her in his arms.

“Wow, you’re pretty strong, Suimei-kun, huh?”

“Shut your mouth. You’re gonna bite your tongue.”

Suimei then suddenly jumped back a great distance and prepared to use

his magicka.

“Reiji, step aside!”

After shouting a warning to Reiji who was still engaging the golem,

Suimei began the chant for one of his strongest spells.

“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore. Parito colluctatione et

aestuato. Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox. Fiamma est lego. Vis Wizard.

Hex agon Aestua Sursum. Impedimentum Mors.”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment. Give

form to death’s agony and burst into flames. Bestow the one who obstructs

me with a dreadful destiny.]

With the last verse of Suimei’s chant, Reiji took a great leap backward.

Fiery magicka circles were already appearing around the golem. They grew

brighter in the blink of an eye, and all of a sudden Hadorious’s courtyard

was lit up like it was mid-afternoon.

“Itaque conluceto! O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus!”

[So shine! Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem!]

Suimei then activated his keywords, and the cursed flames flooded the

golem. They shot out of their magicka circles like flamethrowers, and the

golem was instantly set alight. The golem was so tall that the flames that

reached its shoulders looked like they threatened to catch even the night sky

on fire. It took several moments for them to die down, but when they did...

the golem was still standing as if nothing happened. Ashurbanipal’s flames

were largely meant to be used against living beings, but...

“Fuck! It didn’t work at all?! Are you telling me that thing’s the real

deal?! Nobody ever said anything about this kinda crap being here, damn

it!”

“Wh-Wh-What?! That’s amazing! Suimei-kun just used magic!

Amazing magic! Just when did you learn to do that?! Hey, hey! Tell me—”

“AAAAAAAAH, DAMN IT! SHUT UUUUUP! I’m super busy right

now, so seriously just keep quiet, okay?”

“But, but, but—you know, you know?”

“I don’t know! And no buts!”

Mizuki seemed to grow more and more excited in Suimei’s arms. It was

clear he’d had enough, but she didn’t show any signs of calming down. In

fact, she flashed a grin and spoke up again in stark defiance of Suimei’s

across the board gag order.

“Heeheehee... Oooh, Suimei-kun! Reiji-kun! Shall I teach you the

weakness of a golem?”

The first to react was Reiji.

“You know this thing’s weakness, Mizuki?!”

“Of course I do! A golem’s weak point is the most basic of basic magical

knowledge, you know? Tsk, tsk, tsk...”

Mizuki waggled her finger left and right like a doctor’s assistant

explaining something obvious.

“Okay, listen up. On the golem’s forehead, there should be a talisman

engraved with the word ‘emet.’ That means ‘truth,’ and that’s the trick to the

whole thing. See, if you take away the first letter, it becomes ‘met’, or

‘death.’ If you do that, the golem is no more! You can see its forehead,

right? The talisman’s right there.”

Mizuki thrust her finger out so enthusiastically that Suimei felt like it

should be accompanied by some cheesy sound effect. But she was right;

there was definitely something affixed to the golem’s forehead with

characters carved into it. Reiji noticed it too.

“I see... Then if we can skillfully cut that talisman...”

“Nope, it’s useless. Look carefully.”

“Huh?”

When Suimei flatly denied what Mizuki had just suggested, Reiji was

rightly confused. Mizuki seemed to be as well as she stared at the golem’s

forehead.

“But, um...”

“Huh? It’s different from what Mizuki said? The letters are...”

“That’s right. The power word is ‘מת–אל.’ This sucker wasn’t created

to have anything to do with the truth.”

“Wh-What? But golems are supposed to...”

“How do I say this...? It seems you’re under all kinds of

misunderstandings. What you’re thinking of is ‘emet’ written with English

characters. And in Hebrew, it’s true that if you change ‘מת–אל’ to ‘מת,’ the

original power word loses its... well, power. But do you really think anyone

would use such an easily hackable password for their golem?”

The manufacture of golems and the spells to move them were

considered secret arts. To freely make use of either technique required

incredible skill. But the old “emet” trick was so outdated that even Mizuki

knew about it. That being said, the gist of the idea was still valid—there

was still a trick to the way they worked. But makers of golems and other

automatons would use all manner of schemes to keep them from being

easily overridden.

A standalone golem didn’t have the flexibility of one puppeted by a

caster. They could mostly only perform preprogrammed actions and were

thus fairly unreliable against magicians. As such, they were usually given

general orders to attack or defend. And in this case, this particular one...

“S-So what does this one say, Suimei-kun?!”

“Just as I said before, it’s ‘מת–אל.’ There’s a line there that you don’t

see in English that connects the words ‘God’ and ‘dead,’ so it’s more like

‘God is dead.’ It never was named after the truth, so even if you reduced it

to just the ‘death’ part, it wouldn’t do anything.”