empty-handed, too... Huh, I know. How ’bout I give you a single technique

to take back?”

“A technique?”

“That’s right. But, hmm... the Circle Sept might be too advanced for you

though.”

“Wha...?”

“Never mind, I’m sure Alpha Strike should be suitable enough.”

“Alpha Strike?”

“That’s right. It’s a technique that uses the residue of the Sacrament’s

ability, you see.”

“Its residue...?”

That didn’t sound good, and Reiji’s skepticism showed on his face.

Seeing it, the man put on a bold smile.

“Well, even if it’s residue, it’ll still be an outrageous technique for you

as you are now. Here, lend me that for a sec.”

The man held out his hand, and Reiji readily handed over the Sacrament.

When he did, a dazzling blue light overflowed it and took the shape of a

sword. In mere moments, the ornament had transformed into the Ishar

Cluster.

“Look carefully now.”

Saying that, the man took on a posture that didn’t look like a stance at

all. It was extremely casual... yet also sharp like an invisible blade. The man

then gave a bold smile and the blue gem inside the Ishar Cluster, the Lapis

Judaicus, unleashed a blue light. The two white rings of the sword also

quietly began moving.

Just as Reiji thought the directionless wind in the area seemed to be

gathering around them, a sound like thin ice cracking rang out. In the blink

of an eye, several enormous pillars of blue crystal rose into the air. The man

aimed for the center of them and thrust out the sword. And then,

accompanied by a pale lightning, crystals began gathering at the tip of the

blade and formed an enormous crystalline structure with the sword at its

center.

With a thunderous roar that felt like it would shatter his eardrums along

with the hands he was using to shield them, a shockwave erupted. Shifting

over his attention to the enormous blue pillars of crystal, they were now

smashed up, and dancing around in the air like diamond dust.

“Crystallized Las Shiara. It encases your enemies in crystal and then

violently smashes them to pieces. Well, it’s a simple technique that doesn’t

require much figuring out.”

“That’s... the Ishar Cluster’s Alpha Strike?”

Completely aghast at the display he’d just witnessed, Reiji stood there

dumbstruck as a violent gust blew suddenly blew through the wheat field

and the scenery began to grow hazy. It was like a portent of awakening

from a dream.

“Whoops, looks like time’s up. You got what you wanted, so it seems

like our business here is settled. To say goodbye right after finishing my

duty is a bit of a pain, but oh well...”

“T-Time’s—”

—already up?

He’d hardly scraped the tip of the iceberg. And as that panicked thought

ran through Reiji’s mind, the man spoke up like he’d guessed precisely

what Reiji was thinking.

“Don’t be so anxious. It’s a simple matter. If your opponent is strong,

you just have to smack him with something even stronger. Easy peasy.

Besides, your pal already set the stage to put an end to that rampaging doll,

didn’t he? All that’s left is for you to let loose with all your might.”

“How do you—”

“You don’t gotta worry about that kinda thing right now. The Sacrament

is a sword that can cut through all things—the only exception is the bond

between people. Remember that.”

There, the man let out a delightful laugh. But after being told time was

short, Reiji laid bare the anxiety still lingering in his heart.

“But the opponent this time around isn’t that easy...”

“Are you still worried about the charm on that doll? My goodness.

Think it through, will ya? It takes quite a bit of effort to put something

frayed back together, no? Just sock it to ’em before they can do it. Just like I

did now, thrust forth the Sacrament, confine it in crystals, and smash ’em.

End of story.”

The man seemed to be implying their conversation was over too, but

Reiji still had more questions.

“What was that Circle Sept you mentioned earlier?”

“You’ll find out eventually. If you don’t have enough power, desire it.

Wish for it and lend an ear to your inner voice. As long as you’ve been

chosen by the source, the source will definitely respond to you.”

And with that, the man handed back the Ishar Cluster back to Reiji.

Once he forcibly put it in Reiji’s hand, his figure gradually began to grow

hazy. It was a sign their time was indeed up. This dream would end shortly.

“P-Please wait a minute! I still don’t know how to turn this into a

weapon!”

The man sighed.

“So you don’t even know that, huh?” His body was quickly growing

hazier, but it seemed he could still speak. “I’ll only say it once, you hear?

Listen carefully.”

And then...

“My crystallized spirit that glimmers with the blue light of the Lapis...

Oh Crystal Sword, manifest in the parted world.”

“When you want the sword, just say that.”

“Manifest... in the parted world?”

“That’s right. When you give that answer to your inner voice, that thing

will become a weapon.”

The man then flashed a knowing smile. It was time to go. However, he

pointed his finger over his shoulder like he’d just remembered something.

“I’ll give you one last warning, alright? From here on, you may end up

getting involved in some outrageous battles.”

“Outrageous battles? You mean against the Demon Lord and Evil God?”

“Unfortunately, that’s not what I meant. Demon Lords, Evil Gods, and

things... If you try hard enough, you can defeat them all. What I’m talking

about is something far more outrageous.”

“Something far more outrageous than Demon Lords and Evil Gods?”

Just what could be worse than those? A bewildered Reiji was at a loss

for words.

“Well, maybe. There’s a teensy inconsistency in cognition between you

and me, after all. Maybe—just maybe—the world I was in and the world

you’re in are different. If not, however, it’ll be quite serious.”

With that, the man waved his hand and began walking off into the wheat

field. Hot on his heels, Reiji called after him.

“Um...!”

“What? There’s more? I told you time was up, didn’t I?”

The man looked back one last time with a troubled expression. As for

the final question Reiji asked him...

“Um, my name is Shana Reiji! Could you please tell me yours?!”

It was a question one normally asked at the beginning of a conversation

rather than the end, but Reiji yelled it out with all his heart at the very last

minute. The man stared at him in wonder, then burst into laughter.

“Bwah— BWAHAHAHA! My oh my, you got me there... That was an

important detail to leave out, wasn’t it? My name is Ryzeia Rubern, but I

won’t be too mad if you forget it. It’s a name that you have no business with

anymore, after all.”

“Thank you very much, Ryzeia-san! I’ll never forget your name!”

“Then it’s Sir Ryzeia. If you’re going to use my name, then address me

like a knight, boy.”

And there, Sir Ryzeia began walking again. His figure grew hazier by

the second as he seemed to vanish into the blue light.

“Take care of my partner there. Do your best to put it to full use.”

Hearing those final words from the knight, Reiji’s consciousness too was

drowned out in a blue light.

★

The overflowing blue light that Reiji’s shout seemed to summon

immediately calmed down. Just what had happened? Suimei squinted his

adjusting eyes to see Reiji standing exactly where he had been before.

“My crystallized spirit that glimmers with the blue light of the Lapis...

Oh Crystal Sword, manifest in the parted world!”

Reiji then began shouting again. He was shouting to something or

someone, but the object he held in his tightly-clenched fist responded. A

blue light burst forth from his hand and took the shape of a sword.

“H-Hey! Just when did you learn to do that?!”

“Reiji-kun, is that be the legendary weapon we were talking about?!

Wooooow, it’s so cool!”

It was a porcelain white blade embedded with a blue gem—the sword

adorned with the Lapis Judaicus, the crystal sword Ishar Cluster. It emitted

a cold blue mist and pale sparks of lightning, and Reiji still held it firmly in

his hand. It was overflowing with a quiet yet preposterous power.

“Reiji!”

“I’ll finish it off with this! Suimei, fall back with Mizuki!”

“Wait! We don’t know whether or not that thing can be finished by a

Sacrament!”

“It’s alright! So go!”

“I appreciate the confidence, but where exactly is that coming from?!”

Suimei furrowed his brow and let out an agonized groan. He knew good

and well he couldn’t stop Reiji when he was like this. Mysteriously full of

confidence, Reiji jumped towards the golem that had started to recover

itself without hesitation. A concerned Mizuki then turned to Suimei.

“Suimei-kun, do you mean Reiji-kun might not be able to defeat it with

that weapon? It looks totally powerful and amazing and perfect...”

“The Sacrament is outrageously powerful, yeah. But that thing has a

Lapis Judaicus embedded in it.”

“A Lapis what?”

“That blue gem around the hilt. It’s connected to the source, and it can

take a small amount of mana to pull out all the energy that has ever been

consumed in the world. It’s like an infinite, cyclical battery for the

universe.”

“The source? Consumed energy? Battery for the universe...?”

Suimei was explaining things at the speed of light, and Mizuki could

hardly follow along. She ended up with more questions than answers. A

small trail of smoke trickled out one of her ears and her eyes started to spin.

She looked like she’d simply broken down. Suimei then sighed and tried to

dial it back.

“In short, the golem that Reiji is trying to finish off embodies some of

Nietzsche’s ideology. And the weapon Reiji’s currently using affirms some

components of that ideology...”

“So... that’s bad?”

“I don’t know. Just now I used the something opposed to Nietzsche’s

ideology to compromise the golem, but now Reiji’s presenting it with

something that reinforces it. If Reiji can finish it off before the Lapis

Judaicus can do that, we’ll be fine. But if its invincibility is restored and we

have to do that all over again...”

“Wait, it might restore it?”

“In the worst case scenario, compromising it won’t work a second time

after it’s been reinforced and we’ll be out of cards to play.”

In the middle of explaining things to Mizuki, Reiji hastened his advance.

He was charging straight at the golem. It looked as though he meant to

attack it earnestly from the front without any attempt whatsoever to feint or

throw it off. And, as if answering each hastening step, the Sacrament began

pouring out its power.

“Hey, hey, hey! I told you that thing was super dangerous!”

“Wh-Whoa, that’s...!”

A stiff wind blew through the courtyard. No, it was far too intense to call

a wind. It swirled in around Reiji and gathered the blue light given off by

the Lapis Judaicus before shooting off into the surroundings. Crystallized

pillars then began to shoot up around Reiji and the golem as if to form some

kind of icy temple. It was like watching upside-down icicles form at

hyperspeed.

Pale lightning then started coming out of the tips of the enormous crystal

pillars, crowning the icy temple. The golem was slowed enough by the

lightning that its massive earthen body became trapped between the pillars.

The icy temple was more like a prison for it. The bars were as transparent as

crystal clear water, but shone blue like the brilliant Lapis Judaicus.

Now that his foe was trapped, Reiji suddenly pointed the sword at it and

the blue light began to swirl. Blue crystals started to appear on the blade of

his sword, eventually growing to form one large, sword-shaped crystal.