beforehand.”

“This is...?”

Just what was she going to accomplish by meowing? Reiji still couldn’t

get his head around what was happening. But as he started to think about it,

this did remind him of something—Suimei’s house in the imperial capital

was always surrounded by cats.

While that was going on, a single black cat appeared from deep within

the back alleys. Liliana stopped meowing, and the black cat came closer to

her. It looked like it was lost as it stared into Liliana’s eye. They locked

gazes for a moment before they began meowing at each other.

A short while later, Liliana turned back towards the group.

“Looks like... it’s this way.”

“Meow.”

As if confirming what Liliana had said, the cat turned to look down the

alley and gingerly raised a front paw. It looked like it was trying to point the

way. Liliana happily followed after it, and Felmenia and Lefille after them.

Hurrying after the girls in a fluster, Reiji called out to Liliana.

“You can talk to cats?”

“Rather than talk... it’s more like... sharing thoughts... with them. It’s

all... about feeling.”

Io Kuzami rubbed her chin and interjected, “Rather than ‘feeling,’

shouldn’t you have said ‘feline’?”

“Is... Is that supposed to be funny?”

Io Kuzami looked triumphant, and Reiji exasperated. She laughed it off,

but Reiji had to wonder. That kind of humor wasn’t Mizuki’s style, not even

in chuuni mode. But he didn’t have long to think about it. The others

continued on down the alley without him, and he hurried to catch up.

After following the cat a ways, the group eventually arrived at an inn on

the main road. It had a rather large sign out front and appeared to be plenty

busy. There was a good crowd of people coming and going. If someone

stopped to ask a local for a recommendation, this was definitely the kind of

place that would come up.

“Um, is this the place?”

“Looks like it.”

“To hide somewhere like this...”

Reiji couldn’t believe it. Some cheap hole in the wall was usually where

people went to lie low. That was the standard gig in spy movies and novels,

but instead of that, he was staring at a local hotspot. It was the most

unhidden place he could think of for someone to try and hide.

“Perhaps that... was the entire point.”

“Because nobody would think we would be hiding here, or something

like that?”

“Yes. Though... having said that... knowing Suimei... he’s probably not

worried... about anything like that.”

Despite what it may have sounded like, Liliana’s words were in praise of

his abilities. With his power to manipulate people via magicka, he didn’t

much need to worry about who saw him and who didn’t. He was exactly the

kind of guy you didn’t want as an enemy.

While Liliana was thanking and petting the cat, everyone else went

inside to look for Suimei and the others. And the search didn’t take long.

Rather than holed up in their room, they were seated at a table on the

second floor that could be spotted from the entrance, enjoying some lovely

afternoon refreshments.

“Yo.”

As they ascended the stairs and got closer, Suimei looked over and

raised a hand in an extremely casual greeting. Reiji couldn’t tell whether

they were just resting or discussing their plan, but one thing was clear.

Suimei was sitting around drinking rose water with Titania and Hatsumi. It

was about as conspicuous as it got.

“Well, you seem to be enjoying yourself,” Reiji couldn’t help saying

with a bit of exasperation.

“You bet I am. There’s absolutely no reason why we can’t have a little

fun while we’re hiding out. As long as our concealment is perfect, then it

doesn’t matter what we do.”

“You call this concealment?”

“Strictly speaking, we’re blending in. But who cares if no one can tell

who we are?”

There, Suimei drank down some of his rose water as if to refresh his

mouth from the bitterness of his own cynicism. Following up after him,

Hatsumi turned a smile to Reiji.

“Good job. Looks like it went well on your side.”

“Mm. Thanks for babysitting Suimei, Kuchiba-san.”

“Hey, I’ve been taking things seriously this whole time, so why do you

have to go and say that kinda crap?”

Seeing Hatsumi’s smile, Suimei shot a sour look at Reiji. Really and

truly, he couldn’t take a joke. And as he was glowering, Titania spoke up in

a harsh tone.

“It’s because of your habitual behavior, is it not? I’m afraid it’s too late

to save face. That’s where your reputation stands—rock bottom.”

“Hey, are you still holding some damn grudge against me? No one cares

that you peed yourself—”

“I did not! I won’t stand for such lies!”

Titania turned bright red as she shouted at Suimei, then turned to Reiji to

reiterate that Suimei was making up stories about her, trying to make her

look bad, et cetera. She was trying to safeguard her image, but Reiji

honestly thought it was refreshing to see her so flustered.

Meanwhile, Hatsumi let out a sigh as she watched all this unfold. Titania

eventually calmed down, and when she did, Reiji moved to asking her

about the next steps of their plan.

“So, Tia, what do we do now?”

“I apologize for putting you to work after you’ve just arrived, but we

take action tonight. Allow me to explain...”

Titania then gave everyone a rundown of the night’s mission.

★

A new moon rose quietly on the horizon the evening Reiji’s team arrived

in town. That was why Suimei and Hatsumi had requested to bump the plan

up a little and take action immediately. Reiji would go knock on

Hadorious’s front door while Suimei and the others snuck inside.

In order to balance out the parties, Liliana joined Suimei’s team for a

total of four members, all of which were making their way to the back of

the duke’s mansion currently. During their earlier meeting, Hatsumi and

Reiji had both raised doubts about using the back entrance because of the

dense patrols there. But Suimei had insisted that the simpler the area, the

easier it would be to cast magicka. And with no further objections, their

route was decided.

The back of Hadorious’s mansion had a hedge maze staffed by

mercenaries who worked as his private guard, but they never saw Suimei’s

magicka coming. So far, the infiltration was going off without a hitch.

Naturally, there were magical traps and barriers along the way to prevent

trespassers, but...

“Too easy. Way too easy.”

Suimei had no trouble making his way through them. But rather than

destroying them, he decided to tamper with them as he came across them.

The creepy laugh he let out while doing so made it clear it wasn’t by

necessity, either. It seemed he was just getting some petty revenge against

the duke. Upon finally reaching the building, Suimei quietly broke a

window and climbed in. Hatsumi, who followed afterward, looked at him

skeptically.

“You kind of look like a burglar.”

“Shouldn’t you say secret agent? Why do you always pick some shady-

ass comparison?”

“Well, you know...”

“Let me say it for Hatsumi-sama: it cannot be helped when your actions

so resemble that of a scoundrel.”

Titania shot a reproachful gaze Suimei’s way as she indirectly scolded

him. He scoffed. If they really thought this operation was so seedy, they

didn’t have to volunteer for the infiltration squad. Really, he knew that

breaking and entering didn’t suit a hero and a princess, so he understood

why they were resistant to it, but still.

“Hey, Liliana, say something to these guys. They’re making fun of your

specialty, you know?”

“Liliana-chan is cute, so it’s fine for her.”

“Drop dead. That’s got absolutely nothing to do with it.”

As Hatsumi started to puff out her cheeks in a pout, the main topic of

their conversation—Liliana—was carefully surveying their surroundings.

She seemed to be concerned about something.

“What’s wrong, Liliana?”

“No... Let’s go.”

Liliana shook her head and began walking down the mansion hall.

Suimei let it go since he was quite sure she would have mentioned it if it

were something important. They continued to move through the first floor,

mindful of their surroundings and wary of any guards.

“Actually, it’s a lot more modest than I thought.”

Taking stock of the mansion’s interior, Suimei shared his impression of

it. He’d expected a duke’s estate to be over-the-top luxurious. Nobles were

like that, after all—they were all about pompous, ostentatious displays of

their authority and affluence. They were demonstrations of their superiority,

as if to say, “Behold my wealth. This is what power looks like.” They were

sort of like flaunting peacocks in that sense.

However, despite being a duke and a personal friend of the king,

Hadorious’s estate wasn’t gaudy or flashy at all. At least not in decoration.

The mansion itself was three stories, and the front door opened into a

sweeping entrance hall. It was obvious just stepping inside that it was no

normal house.

But one way or another, the inside of the mansion was neat and tidy, and

the group continued to proceed down the immaculately maintained hallway.

There were sconces dotting the white walls between the paintings, and the

red carpet underfoot was plush. The dark, sectioned wooden doors lining

the hall looked distinctly like chocolate bars, and there were even mana

lamps set up here and there for additional lighting. The interior of the

mansion may not have been pretentious, but it was still stately.

When they carefully opened one of the doors, a white table in the shape

of a cross came into view. The room was otherwise full of chairs and sofas

with soft-looking cushions. The effect was rather classy. Hadorious may

have been a bad man, but he at least didn’t have bad tastes. They continued

to check out one room after another in much the same fashion, but Hatsumi

stopped in front of a particular door.

“Hatsumi, what’s up?”

“This room...”

She was muttering like her attention had been captivated by something.

She must have sensed something deeper in the mansion.

“Hatsumi-sama, is there something with this— Hmm?”

Seemingly noticing something as well, Titania’s body stiffened for a

single instant. In response, Hatsumi smiled.

“Sorry, I’m the one who noticed first, so I’ll be taking this one.”

Without another word, Hatsumi approached the door and opened it.

Suimei and Titania both called out to her...

“Hey, Hatsumi!”

“Hatsumi-sama!”

“Go on without me. I’ll take care of this myself.”

But Hatsumi leaped through the door and was gone before they could

stop her.

“What in the world?”

“It was only a slight presence, but one sharp like a sword.”

“So what? The first one to sense it gets dibs or something?”

Titania had also sensed the fighting spirit of a swordsman in the depths

of the mansion, and it certainly made sense to go after anyone who may

have noticed them. Taking out witnesses was the most basic of stealth

basics. So in that sense, Hatsumi had made the right move, but it was highly

likely that her real reason for going was because her spirit as a

swordswoman had been excited.

★

A little before Suimei’s team infiltrated the mansion, Reiji, Felmenia,

Lefille, and Io Kuzami were at the front door, face to face with the owner—

Lucas de Hadorious. It was crazy to show up at a nobleman’s mansion at

such an hour and demand an audience, but it was even crazier for

Hadorious to accept and come out without a single escort.

Duke Hadorious was dressed like a proper noble, including a polished

sword artfully hanging at his waist. He was an imposing man with greying

hair, a well-groomed beard, and a large scar that ran from his brow to his