He knew that, but Reiji’s feelings on the matter were complicated. He

didn’t particularly have any reservations about being used so long as it was

ultimately for good, but in this situation where it was genuinely hard to say

they’d won after what happened, he was a bit uncomfortable.

“I’m sure you’ll go back first, Suimei, but I want you to wait a bit before

going to save Elliot. Tia would also like you to wait. We’re dealing with a

noble from Astel, so I think she wants to make sure this is handled

properly.”

“Ohmygosh, Tia’s, like, so serious.”

Though he said it in a stupid way, that was genuinely Suimei’s

impression of her. With her personality, she wouldn’t be satisfied unless she

faced him herself. He knew that firsthand because he’d been through a

similar confrontation with her once.

“I know Felmenia will be with you, but I think it’ll bother her if she’s

not there herself.”

“We are dealing with a duke, after all. From a social standpoint, he’s

Menia’s superior. If we don’t have someone of higher standing on our side,

we don’t have a whole lot of ground to stand on.”

“...The person in question is planning to do something entirely by force,

though...”

“Ooh, scary. Do you think the little princess is gonna draw her swords

on sight or something? No matter how you look at it, isn’t that a little too

militaristic?”

“Hahaha... But, even so, I think that’s one of Tia’s good points, you

know?”

“That’s a good point...?”

Suimei was left stumped at Reiji’s comment. As always, the

overwhelmingly good nature of his best friend was aggravating in its own

way. But as their talk of saving Elliot came to an end, they noticed that the

entrance to the encampment had gotten rather noisy. Suimei’s ears in

particular perked up.

“What’s all that?”

“Looks like people are gathering. Is it additional reinforcements?”

“Now? After everything’s over?”

“It doesn’t really seem like it... I sense a whole lot more people than

that.”

“You sense them...?”

Suimei was skeptical about his use of that word, but it had a certain

credibility coming from Reiji. Perhaps he was finally beginning to show

signs that he’d entered the realm of the extraordinary.

Suimei and Reiji headed towards the entrance of the military

encampment to investigate what was going on. They passed by soldiers who

were bustling about and a fresh stack of supply crates as high as a pyramid.

And eventually, they spotted Felmenia in the crowd.

“Yo! Hey, Menia, what’s all this?”

“Oh, Suimei-dono. It’s reinforcements. And a whole lot of them. A

whole, whole lot.”

Felmenia turned to him with a bright smile as she answered. Since this

was still technically the front line, reinforcements were always a welcome

prospect. Looking at the newly arrived troops, however, Reiji seemed to

notice something.

“Those people aren’t imperial soldiers, are they?”

“Hmm? Now that you mention it, yeah, you’re right. Actually, that

uniform looks kinda familiar...”

Suimei felt a strange sense of déjà vu upon seeing the reinforcements.

There were mages mixed in with the ranks of the imperial soldiers, who

were all lightly outfitted for the sake of employing skirmish tactics. But the

reinforcements who’d just arrived were all well armored, and the vast

majority of them were heavy swordsmen. There were very few mages

among them, and their uniforms were indeed familiar. That was because

he’d spent a long time stuck looking at them before returning to the Empire.

“Yes. They came through the hick area of the Empire to the north—”

Felmenia was chattering away in such high spirits that she

unintentionally said something quite rude. But Suimei wasn’t paying her

any mind. His attention had been captured by a certain figure stepping out

of the formation of soldiers. She had long, beautiful, golden hair, and was

wearing a school uniform and red gauntlet. It was someone he knew very,

very well—his childhood friend and summoned hero of the Alliance,

Kuchiba Hatsumi.

“Suimei, you been doing well?”

Approaching with a gentleness that seemed oh-so out of place in a

military encampment, Hatsumi cheerfully called out to Suimei. He hadn’t at

all expected to run in to her here, and the surprise showed on his face.

“H-Hatsumi?! Why are you here?”

“Why? Isn’t it obvious I came to bring reinforcements? Though it looks

like they’re not needed...”

With that, Hatsumi took a look around. She’d come all the way from the

Alliance, and probably hadn’t expected to walk in on the cleanup phase of

the Empire’s supposedly dire battle with the demons.

“Never mind that. How are things with the Alliance? Aren’t there still

demons in the northern parts there?”

“About that... they just suddenly pulled out. Just what are they thinking,

I wonder? But thanks to that, I was able to come here to help.”

“Then what about your companions?”

“Weitzer and Gaius are watching the house, so it’s just me and Selphy

here.”

At that, the half-elf who had been standing behind Hatsumi removed her

hood and smiled. Suimei had a little bit of a weak spot for older women,

and was rather flustered for a moment by her charming smile. It didn’t go

unnoticed by Felmenia and Hatsumi, who both proceeded to jab him in the

ribs. Hatsumi then turned her attention to Reiji.

“You must be Shana-san. This would be our first time meeting like this,

no? I’m Suimei’s childhood friend, Kuchiba Hatsumi.”

“It’s nice to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you from Suimei.”

Reiji gave her a cheerful greeting, but Hatsumi flashed something of an

impish grin.

“I’ve also heard a lot about you. Including that little stunt you pulled

’cause the other countries wouldn’t send any reinforcements.”

“Should you not send us aid or reinforcements in our time of need, I will

not come to save you either.”

Suimei recalled the ultimatum Reiji had issued the Empire’s allied

nations. But hearing it brought up to his face, Reiji panicked a little and

fingered the true culprit.

“Th-That... You see, Suimei...”

Reiji awkwardly looked to Suimei. When he did, the lightbulb seemed to

come on for Hatsumi, and she sighed in exasperation.

“So that’s what it was... I thought so. Suimei’s about the only one who

could come up with such a devious scheme.”

“Hey, what do you take me for?”

“Someone who looks completely harmless, but is really actually a

supervillain, right?”

“Huh, yeah. You’re totally right.”

Reiji reflexively agreed with Hatsumi’s assessment without a moment’s

hesitation. Hearing that, Selphy was unable to hold it in and burst into

laughter. Once she got a hold of herself, Selphy, who seemed to have come

as Hatsumi’s aide, humbly introduced herself to Reiji as well. She then

revealed something interesting.

“In truth, we planned on arriving earlier than this, but we ran into a bit

of trouble on the way.”

“Trouble?”

“Yes. At first we thought that someone on the demons’ side had marked

us, but...”

Selphy’s expression turned grim. Now that the demons had retreated,

she wasn’t fully convinced. In fact, it was only because the demons had

retreated in the Alliance that they’d been able to leave for the Empire in the

first place. If the demons had really wanted to stall them, they could have

just continued their invasion in the Alliance. There might be something else

afoot. As Selphy fell quiet contemplating such matters, Hatsumi turned to

her.

“It seems our services are no longer needed here. What should we do

now?”

“That’s true, isn’t it? But as long as we’re here, creating a debt of

gratitude from the Empire and forcing them to recognize their mistake

would be an excellent plan, no? Heh heh heh...”

With a creepy laugh, the half-elf suggested some political maneuvering.

Ready with a counteroffer, Suimei tapped Hatsumi’s shoulder.

“Well, if you don’t have anything better to do, I’ve got a little request.”

“What? If it’s some sinister plot, I won’t have any part of it.”

“It’s not, damn it! It’s a proper rescue mission.”

“Huh...?”

Hatsumi looked genuinely bewildered, which made Suimei furrow his

brow.

“What is it this time?”

“It’s just... Hearing you talk about a rescue mission is a little refreshing.”

Hearing Hatsumi say that, Reiji also chimed in.

“You’re right. He’s normally the type to act like he doesn’t want

anything to do with things, and then somehow or other always ends up

sticking his neck out anyway. A total tsundere.”

“Damn it, you guys...”

Seeing Reiji nod repeatedly, Suimei slumped his shoulders. It would be

a long day for him for more than one reason.

★

After talking to Reiji and reuniting with Hatsumi, Suimei took his leave

of the front lines in the northern Empire and returned to his base in the

imperial capital.

Originally, after returning, he and the others were planning to

immediately go and rescue Elliot. However, at Reiji and Titania’s request,

they were now waiting until Reiji was also able to return. They’d reported

the delay to Christa, and were now left with the decision of what to do in

the meantime. Felmenia and Liliana were making use of their connections

to gather information. And as for Suimei...

“Let’s see... Putting the transcribed magicka circle here and

disassembling that diagram...”

He had a singular goal in mind: the quest he’d left Royal Castle

Camellia for in the first place. He was currently analyzing the hero

summoning circle and attempting to devise a similar one to send him back

home... But things weren’t going well. In fact, at present, progress had

come to a standstill.

“This part goes like this, and if I change the equation with liturgy... Ah,

crap. That won’t work, will it?”

Taking the information he’d gathered in the form of various sheets of

parchment from his desk, he spread them out on the floor. He was moving

the sheets around, trying various arrangements and muttering to himself

“Wrong, wrong, wrong... No, that’s wrong too... It’s all wrong...”

In short, he’d hit a wall.

“It’s gonna suck if I can’t get back, and soon... I can’t just get stuck here

after getting this far...”

The impatience was audible in Suimei’s voice. But he had a good reason

to be in such a hurry. Despite defeating two more demon generals and

taking a considerable bite out of the demon forces, it felt like there were

new enemies arising at every turn. Formidable ones. In addition to the

mirage man, there was now Lishbaum—the Greed of Ten, Kudrack the

Ghosthide. Both of them were magicians who’d staved off Suimei. If he

was going to go head-to-head with them, the fight wouldn’t be easy. Since

the mirage man’s position was still unclear, Suimei couldn’t be sure about

him, but that wasn’t the case with Kudrack. He and Suimei had a long

history, and Suimei was determined to settle the score—determined enough

that his appearance had shaken things up quite a bit for Suimei. He couldn’t

just sit back and be content with the way things were progressing anymore.

The status quo was no longer good enough.

Because as long as Kudrack was around, Suimei knew there would be

trouble. There was no doubt that Kudrack would stand in his way. Fate

dictated they would be butting heads again. It was simply a matter of when.

And if that time came while Suimei was still like this... that would be the

end of him.

So Suimei needed to do something. But even now, while his companions

weren’t with him, he was unable to utilize the full extent of his powers. The

discrepancy of the stars, the existence of spirits, the distortion of space-

time, the ley lines... The circumstances of this world were just too different.

Restrictively so. Even Suimei’s grand Enth Astrarle magicka was only a