for example. For a swordswoman of Lefille’s caliber, this was ordinarily

something she could handle without a problem, but...

Lefi can’t keep up with those sword strikes?

Suimei found it rather surprising that Lefille was dancing in the palm of

Hatsumi’s hand. Hatsumi was an extremely capable swordswoman herself,

so it wasn’t like the situation was unthinkable. But considering Lefille’s

skill and experience, she should have been performing better.

Hatsumi’s even holding back...

Suimei could tell. He knew what kind of outrageous swordplay Hatsumi

was really capable of. And he knew Lefille was perfectly capable of putting

up a fight... she just wasn’t. As he was pondering this, Hatsumi abruptly put

an end to their duel.

“Lefille-san... Let’s call it a day.”

“Yeah...”

Despite the match ending with her at a disadvantage, Lefille accepted it

without protest. She was ordinarily the type to keep fighting for the win, so

her silent resignation now was a telling sign that her mind was somewhere

else. Putting her sword away, she shut her eyes. Hatsumi then spoke up in

an apologetic tone.

“Sorry. It just felt unmotivated.”

“Truly? It certainly seemed like your fighting spirit was overflowing,

Lady Hatsumi...”

“It may be a bit rude, but I was talking about you, Lefille-san.”

“...”

Having that pointed out to her, Lefille sighed bitterly and winced. She

must have thought so too. Seeing that response, Hatsumi carefully chose her

next words.

“I can’t say for sure, Lefille-san, but it seems like you’re restless.”

“Restless...?”

“It’s like your emotions are taking the lead. That’s what it feels like. Of

course, I’m not criticizing your form or your strength, mind you. But in our

fight just now, it was like you weren’t looking at me.”

“That’s... My apologies. Even though it was our long-awaited bout, my

sword was clouded.”

Her sword was clouded. The sword was like a mirror that reflected a

swordsman’s heart. If they were shaken, so too was their blade. If they were

weighed down with sorrow, their blade would be sluggish. And if they were

restless, their emotions would run ahead of their sword, making it

unreliable. As Suimei suspected, what had Lefille so agitated was nothing

other than her defeat at the hands of the demons during the clash in the

northern borderlands of the Empire.

“Are you alright? Is this about what happened...?” he asked.

“...I know... I know that I...”

“Lefi...”

“I couldn’t win against her. I thought I had gotten stronger since that

day, but even summoning everything I had, it turned out that...”

As Lefille leaked out her vexation, she suddenly seemed to realize

something and vigorously began shaking her head in a fluster.

“No, I’m sorry! I can’t talk like that!”

Attempting to brighten the mood, Lefille put on a smile. However, in the

end, it was nothing but bravado. Wiping away such gloomy feelings wasn’t

something that could be done so halfheartedly. The frustration of defeat was

something that could only truly be overcome by devoting oneself to their art

and attaining victory.

But all such discussion was interrupted by Felmenia clapping her hands

together loudly to get everyone’s attention.

“I know! Lefille should also join us for some recreation! We’re going for

a change of pace, and it certainly seems like you could use some

refreshment yourself!”

“Lady Felmenia, but you know...”

“We all understand what’s weighing on your mind. Besides, is it not

better to be surrounded by friends? Things may just work out yet. They

certainly did for me.”

Felmenia was quite empathetic. She too had recently been frustrated by

her lack of power. The trigger for her becoming stronger was her evolution

from a mage to a magician, so ultimately, she’d obtained the power she

desired by leapfrogging a few steps. But nevertheless, she was right. Lefille

was in the perfect environment to become stronger. She just needed to

refresh herself and get back to it like always. Yet as Felmenia did her best to

cheer her up and inspire her, Lefille flashed a somewhat lonely expression.

“You’re right. I have to do the same. For only you to become suddenly

stronger like that... I feel like you’ve somehow stolen a march on me, Lady

Felmenia.”

“Oh, no, er...”

When she put it like that, Felmenia wasn’t sure how to respond. At all.

She was worried she’d gotten too caught up in the heat of the moment and

had hurt Lefille’s feelings. Seeing her in such a fluster, however, Lefille

cracked a smile and began laughing.

“I was only joking. But I must say, Lady Felmenia, your reactions are as

cute as ever.”

“AAAAAH! You tricked me!”

Felmenia yelled out and stamped her foot, but Lefille only laughed

more. Yet even as she did, Suimei felt like he could see the sorrow deep in

her eyes. Maybe it was just his imagination. As Lefille took to trying to

appease the unexpectedly outraged Felmenia, Selphy, who had also been

watching the match, joined the conversation.

“As I suspected, White Flame-dono,” she said with a serious look on her

face. “You’ve grown even stronger, haven’t you?”

“Oh? Well, yes... Stronger than before, I suppose...”

Felmenia spoke like she wasn’t so sure, but Selphy seemed convinced.

She likely sensed it from the aura Felmenia gave off as a mage.

“Truly, White Flame-dono,” Selphy continued in a serious tone. “Right

now, I can tell that you’re one or two levels higher than before. You have

gained something... No, you have arrived at a new stage, have you not?”

“Just by reworking some of the functions of my body a little, my output

has increased. That’s all. True strength will follow afterward. Or, how do I

put it...?”

While Felmenia was struggling to express herself, Lefille posed a

question.

“My, Lady Felmenia. Even if increasing your output is all you’ve done,

isn’t that in and of itself a remarkable increase in skill?”

“No, not exactly. For mages and magicians, mana is critical. But in order

to effect grand results, so is output. I have always possessed a great deal of

mana, but my output was far too sluggish. And now that I’ve taken

measures to correct that, I was simply able to make some other

improvements.”

“Hmm... What do you think, Lily?”

Glancing over her shoulder, Lefille called out to Liliana, who had been

sitting on one of the patio chairs as she played with the alley cats. Setting

down the cat that had been lounging in her lap, she came tottering over to

the others. She’d overheard most of their conversation and, without

thinking too deeply about the question, responded immediately.

“Yes, of course... Being able to produce grand results... is very important

to a mage... A magician.”

“Is that something that can be achieved so easily?”

“Felmenia is skilled... but the speed at which she memorizes things... is

fast. Her strength... lies in her power to adapt... For me, I was only ever

able... to use dark magic... so I always think of things... using that as a

foundation... As a result, my spells always... end up closely resembling...

what I used before. But in Felmenia’s case... I believe she’s tremendously

widened... the arsenal she has at her disposal.”

Liliana was right. Up until now, Felmenia had been limited as a

magician by her output and mana capacity. But with those inhibitors

overwritten, she could now easily manipulate the powers of the Elements.

As proof...

“You’ve already perfected the eight attributes, right?”

“Yes. I’ve learned to call out to the Elements with a different approach,

so I can use them freely now.”

“You mean to say you’ve mastered all the attributes, White Flame-

dono?!”

“Yes, well, that was the result.”

“I see... That means you now have power rivaling one of the heroes of

salvation...”

Hearing Selphy speak with such admiration, Felmenia was humbled.

Seeing this unfold, Suimei decided to butt in.

“Aaah, don’t praise her too much.”

“I-I won’t let it go to my head or anything!”

“Yeah, you’re not exactly convincing with that face...”

Completely carried away in the moment, Felmenia was all smiles. She

was tickled pink to be so praised. That part of her hadn’t really changed

much since they’d first met at Castle Camellia. But after being called out

like that, Felmenia brushed her embarrassment under the rug by completely

changing the topic.

“M-More importantly! The pool!”

The first to react to that word was Hatsumi.

“Now that you mention it, the plan was for everyone to go in after we

were done, huh?”

“Wait, you all knew about this?”

“Only you didn’t, you recluse.”

“Ugh...”

When Hatsumi tossed him a sidelong glance and grinned, Suimei

faltered. Right now, he wasn’t sure how he felt about her getting her

memories back. Of course, he knew in his heart of hearts that it was a good

thing, but he couldn’t deny these little exchanges of theirs vexed him.

“Now then, allow me to reveal the pool! Everyone, please look over

there!”

At Felmenia’s behest, everyone present turned to look in the direction

she was pointing. There was an ostentatiously large piece of cloth laid out

just a bit down the alley.

“That’s...” Suimei said skeptically.

“That’s right! The pool! Now, for the grand unveiling...!” Felmenia

shouted spiritedly.

“Oooh...” Liliana cooed indifferently.

And with that, Felmenia invoked some magicka to create a gust of wind

that rolled the cloth cover neatly up into a bundle. Underneath it was a stone

water tank large enough to monopolize a good portion of the open area

between buildings. It was also installed in such a way that it looked like it

was partially sunken into the ground.

“You really went a made a damn pool... And what’s with the size?”

“I was told that bigger was better.”

And it wasn’t just large; it was deep. It looked like Liliana could stand in

it without her head breaking the surface of the water.

“But... how did you make this?”

“It was an easy feat with magicka! We just borrowed some materials

from the surrounding walls, drilled into the ground, and...”

“That’s all... kinda bad, isn’t it?”

“It is fine if nobody finds out. All is well. I did not take so much that the

buildings will crumble. So to use an expression from your world, Suimei-

dono, ‘No harm, no foul.’”

Really...?

While he was initially unsure, Suimei didn’t honestly care if no trouble

came of it. That being said, there was one major problem.

“Even if you have a pool, there’s not much we can do with it if we don’t

have swimsuits, you know?”

Surely they weren’t planning on going in naked. Suimei’s heart started

to pound a little just imagining it, but that obviously wasn’t going to

happen.

“Not a problem. While you were busy being a recluse, we all went out to

buy some.”

“Huh?! They sell swimsuits in this world?!”

“Mhm. Apparently only in the Empire, though. But I guess that makes

sense. This is the only real nation that uses baths, so it’s not that much of a

jump to think they like swimming too. Check it out.”

Hatsumi pulled out a swimsuit. Compared to what he was used to seeing

in his own world, the materials were low quality and it was somewhat

nonsensical functionality-wise, but it was indeed a swimsuit.

“But what about me?”

Suimei hadn’t gone shopping with them, so even if all the girls had

swimsuits, he still didn’t. Or so he was worried. Immediately following up

on his question, Liliana opened up the bag she was holding and showed him