“How dastardly... Unscrupulous! That is thoroughly despicable behavior

from the Shrine Maiden of Alshuna who carries the power of the spirits!”

“Lefille-san! Th-Th-That’s against the rules! H-Hugging him is...”

Felmenia and Hatsumi were trembling with a mixture of anger and other

feelings, both of their faces turning bright red. But in response, Lefille

simply shrugged like the outcome was unavoidable.

“I simply cannot afford to lose here, and I will do everything in my

power to avoid it.”

“Ugh! I’ll still win!”

“But I know you won’t raise a hand against Suimei-kun, Lady

Felmenia.”

“That’s why I won’t be the one facing him!”

Bobbing up and down in the innertube beside Felmenia as she made that

bold declaration, Liliana moved forward and raised her hand.

“Suimei, prepare yourself...! Behold the resentment... I feel for being

teased!”

“Didn’t you pay me back for that already?! I can still feel the water in

my sinus cavity!”

“One strike... was hardly enough! It’s only polite... to pay people back

threefold! I will personally teach you... the fear of drowning!”

“That’s some messed up resentment!”

Realizing that Liliana was out for revenge, Hatsumi moved to her side.

“Count me in!”

“H-H-Hatsumi?! Wait, you too?!”

“Isn’t it better this way? This will help even things out if you’re on

Lefille-san’s side. After all, it was supposed to be a fair match.”

“But their stupid match has nothing to do with us!”

“What fun would it be to just sit it out?”

“You can swim, yeah?! We’re in a freaking pool!”

“But, you know... I gotta say I’m still a little unhappy over you keeping

secrets from me...”

“A little, my ass! Fuck me... Aah, Reiji, you really are a good guy after

all...”

Reflecting on how kind Reiji had been to him after coming clean,

Suimei shed a single tear. But it wouldn’t save him from Hatsumi’s attack.

“Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani! Visions of Rust!”

As Hatsumi swung her hand held out like blade towards Suimei, the

illusion of an invisible slash appeared hidden behind a spray of water. It

was the phantom created by her technique: an ethereal blade that

bewildered her opponent’s senses. It was the same technique she’d used to

disorient Lefille in their sparring match earlier.

“Shit...”

Suimei’s eye caught a glimpse of a flicker between the countless

droplets of water. It looked like the sun reflecting off a blade, but it wasn’t

real. It was simply the illusion of Hatsumi’s phantom blade. Yet even

knowing it was an illusion, Suimei’s senses told him he was in danger. This

was the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani, after all—a hidden

technique of one of Japan’s strongest sword styles. He reflexively dodged,

giving the strike a wide berth. He then heard a sudden loud noise behind

him. Turning to see what it was, he saw the aftermath of the strike colliding

with the edge of the water tank.

“Eep!”

“What’s with that pathetic yelp? That wasn’t some amazing skill you

should be scared of, you know.”

“You... Wasn’t that supposed to be a damn illusion?! More importantly,

if that had actually hit me, I’d be dead right now! Don’t do

incomprehensible bullshit using your hand like a sword like that!”

“You have no room to talk. You’re the last person I want to hear that

from. Seriously.”

Hatsumi cut another slice of the water with her hand and sent it flying at

Suimei. She wasn’t using her special technique this time, but it was still fast

and sharp. It was also enough water that it would be a considerable blow

just from the impact.

“Why is everyone using crap like special techniques and magicka

anyway?!”

“Isn’t that because they’re more powerful?”

“That’s not what I mean!”

“No? Then what’s the problem?”

“We’re here to relax, aren’t— Huh?!”

In the middle of shouting at Hatsumi, Suimei suddenly sensed mana

near his feet. Looking down, he realized that Liliana had used her signature

stealth to conceal her presence and sneak up on him. She then grabbed both

his feet.

“Bububugu, buubu.”

[Negative Touch.]

As Liliana was submerged, her words rose to the surface of the water in

bubbles. Her keywords, to be specific.

According to the rules of magicka, a spell would never trigger unless the

proper procedures were followed. That ordinarily included activating the

relevant keyword or words, which meant that a magician needed to be able

to speak freely in order to cast spells. Liliana couldn’t exactly speak

underwater, so it seemed she’d thought this out ahead of time and made the

appropriate adjustments to the spell she was using.

And that spell was Negative Touch. She’d bestowed it on his legs when

she grabbed his feet, and it suddenly robbed him of the strength to stand.

Unable to keep himself upright, he sank into the water.

“Uguoooo... Liliabufuubububu, uppu!”

“Negligence... is a powerful enemy... Suimei.”

Resurfacing, Liliana used magicka to pull her float to her and clung to it

as she admonished Suimei. She then turned an unbelievably charming smile

on him and playfully tilted her head to the side.

“What’s wrong... Suimei? Could it be... that you can’t swim?”

Grinning broadly, she ostentatiously made a display of her float. It was

like she’d planned this all out from start to finish. It was undoubtedly her

vengeance for him teasing her over not being able to swim.

Suimei was rapidly taking in water through his nose as he sank, but

calmly used his own magicka to undo the effects of Liliana’s Negative

Touch. He got back on his feet and began coughing up all the water in his

lungs.

“Blurgh... Ack, hack! Liliana... I gotta say... You have a terrible

personality...”

“Thank you.”

“I’m not praising you, damn it!”

Liliana gave Suimei a thumbs up with her usual stoic expression as he

shouted out at her. Selphy’s ears perked up as their little exchange carried

on, though it seemed their use of magicka had gotten her attention just as

much as their shouting had.

“It sounds like they’re all having fun, huh? Th-Though it seems like we

shouldn’t get any closer... It looks dangerous, after all.”

While playing with the cats, Selphy had taken to talking to them.

Though, even as outdoor strays, they didn’t like getting wet and were

keeping their distance from the pool without being told. Things were indeed

lively over there. Even with things quieting down between Hatsumi,

Liliana, and Suimei, there was another battle going on that was just really

starting to heat up.

“You’re quite good, Lady Felmenia! Is this also because of the addition

of your mana furnace?!”

“Indeed! Up until now I have been falling behind in output, but no

longer!”

“Fascinating!”

“How did this turn out like some kind of battle manga?!”

As Felmenia and Lefille both rose to each other’s challenges, their fight

shifted into the next gear. And during that battle for supremacy, Lefille

suddenly took a stance that was noticeably different from what she’d been

using.

“If there isn’t an obvious victor after we compare our powers, then it’s

time for me to find another solution... You said the loser is the first one who

cannot stand, right?”

With that, Lefille raised her right arm aloft and held her hand up to the

sky. Red wind began coiling around it. Just as everyone watching was

thinking, “She wouldn’t...”

She did.

Suddenly and without warning, Lefille swung her arm downward and

unleashed the gathered red wind.

“Eat this!”

“Wha—?! Whoa!”

Lefille’s red wind moved as fast as any squall. Before it, Felmenia

looked like a sitting duck, but...

“H-Huh? I thought I got hit?”

The red wind should have smacked right into her, but she felt no impact.

It left her rather confused. She was looking around in bewilderment as if

trying to find an answer, but no one else knew what had happened either.

“Heh heh heh...”

Meanwhile, Lefille simply stood on the other side of the pool laughing

creepily. Seeing this, Felmenia questioned her.

“Lefille, just what was that...?”

“Hmm, I wonder... Just what was it?”

“Please stop making that evil grin like Suimei-dono!”

“Hey now! Don’t just go casually saying such rude things! Who’s

evil?!”

Suimei raised his voice in protest, but the girls continued to ignore him.

“Well, setting that aside, Lady Felmenia... You shouldn’t move around

so much, you know? It could be dangerous.”

“H-Huh? Lefille, just what are you talking about— W-Wawawa!”

As Felmenia continued to question Lefille, there was a small swishing

sound as her swimsuit top came undone. And then, with a boing—or at least

with enough vigor that it felt like it should have been accompanied by such

a sound effect—her bountiful breasts spilled out into the open.

“Pffft!”

With a front row seat for this unexpected turn of events, Suimei

reflexively did a spit take. Meanwhile, having lost her upper layer of

protection, Felmenia wrapped both her arms around her chest and slouched

over slightly in an attempt to conceal herself. Naturally, she didn’t

understand why her swimsuit had come undone.

“Th-This... Just what...?” she muttered in absolute befuddlement.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Lefille replied coyly.

Lefille was suggesting the answer should be self-evident, but Felmenia

still didn’t understand. Lefille then cracked a rather unladylike smile, and

Felmenia finally seemed to get the hint.

“Th-Then that red wind just now...?!”

“Exactly. Using the red wind, I severed only the delicate keystone of

your swimsuit. Now, Lady Felmenia, you can no longer stand properly, can

you?”

“L-Lefille, your behavior today has been one heinous act after another...

I have doubts about your title as the Shrine Maiden!”

“It’s fine to cut loose a little when we’re relaxing, isn’t it? This is

nothing, just some light teasing. Even Alshuna would smile upon it.”

Saying that in and of itself was rather inappropriate for a shrine maiden.

Suimei always thought of them as women of great reverence and grace...

neither of which Lefille was exhibiting right now. As he couldn’t help

thinking so internally, Felmenia seemed to pick up on something else

entirely.

“S-Suimei-dono?! What are you doing?! Please do not look this way!”

Suimei had been staring at them this whole time and was rightfully

scolded with a scream. The far too insensible boy then, likely because of his

inexperience, began to bashfully break down in a fluster.

“What? No, uh, I, uh...”

“Now, now, Suimei-kun... It’s not nice to ogle a lady like that,” Lefille

said, eyes narrowed in his direction.

“Is that something the culprit should be saying?!” he argued.

However, the red-headed girl who was blind to her own shortcomings

didn’t relent in her reproachful attitude at all. She simply let out an

astonished sigh. Feeling backed into a corner, Suimei only grew more

defensive. But protest as he might, it wouldn’t save him from the powerful

wave that was about to hit him.

“Oof!”

It hit him with enough force to pitch him forward in the water. The

surprise attack had come from behind, and when he turned to see who the

attacker was, he found Hatsumi looking at him with an extremely severe

expression.