“That won’t be the only patrol, Suimei.”

“And I’ll handle the others the same way. It doesn’t take much effort,

after all. If you want, should I just take a lap and clear them out now? We

can take a leisurely stroll around Kurant City’s famous landmark—its

beautiful city wall.”

“Why do you sound like some tour guide?”

“Unfortunately, there aren’t any stores for me to recommend along the

way. But if you’re interested, we can stop at the guardhouse.”

“No way. I bet it reeks.”

Suimei wanted to retort about how someone who spent all day in a

sweaty dojo had no right to say that, but more pressingly, he realized that

Titania had gone quiet.

“What’s wrong, princess? I’d appreciate it if you lowered your swords

already.”

“...It’s nothing.”

“That scary look on your face says otherwise.”

It was somewhat subtle, but Titania was making a grim expression like

she was imagining something unpleasant. The first to put two and two

together was Hatsumi.

“After what you did like it was nothing, of course she’d be wary around

you, right?”

“Well, I guess so, yeah.”

They’d slipped through the city’s defenses with extraordinary ease.

Because that was precisely what they’d come here to do, it didn’t bother

Hatsumi or Suimei in the slightest. But as someone responsible for the

safety of this country, Titania felt differently. It was only natural that she be

on guard after seeing such a well-defended city breached like that.

“Are you not also surprised, Hatsumi-sama?”

“Not really. I saw him do the same thing back at the palace in Miazen.

Besides, to me, he’s an ally.”

“That’s right. Even if you’re the one here to protect us, I won’t let any

harm come to you either.”

“What are you saying with such a serious face?! You idiot!”

“Ow! What are you doing?!”

Suimei meant to be dead serious, but perhaps because the line he used

was just a little too cheesy, Hatsumi turned bright red and repeatedly kicked

him in the shin. On the other hand, Titania eyed him with a frank gaze.

“It didn’t look like you did anything all that impressive, however.”

“I didn’t have to, honestly. Compared to sneaking into a magician’s

place, this is child’s play.”

Suimei shrugged his shoulders. Not only was he used to modern security

systems, but he was also used to the magickal defenses that other magicians

would use. Hopping the wall of a medieval city was a simply feat to him.

There wasn’t even a single trap.

“...What? You still got something else to say?”

“No, I was just thinking it would’ve been no laughing matter to make an

enemy of you. If we’d kicked you out of the royal castle, I see we would

have been in for a world of hurt.”

“Lucky for you, only one guy ended up in a world of hurt... No, I guess

there were two people that did, huh? Heh.”

“This may be amusing to you, but it was a quite a fuss in the castle.

People—mostly the nobles, really—were worried that an incompetent

companion like you would negatively affect the esteemed hero. Little did

they know, however, that rather than incompetent, you were a dangerous

liability...”

“You’d call me that to my face?”

Suimei narrowed his eyes at her, but Titania’s only reply was a

nonchalant expression. Interrupting himself, however, Suimei suddenly

clapped his hands together like he’d just remembered something.

“Ah, that’s right! There’s something else we need to take care of.”

“Oh? What something is that?”

“Something extremely important now that we’ve made it this far.”

Suimei began nodding repeatedly like he was convincing himself, and

started walking away from the two girls. It looked like he was going back

towards the patrolling guards. Watching him head off like he hadn’t a care

in the world, the girls whispered to each other.

“I wonder what this ‘something extremely important’ is. Could he be

about to raise some kind of ruckus?”

“That would be a little... Suimei may be careless, but he should certainly

know better than that. Despite how he seems, his plans are nothing to

sneeze at.”

“But how can we know for certain? He has a tendency to say the most

ridiculous things with a perfectly serious look on his face.”

“Yeah, he does, doesn’t he? You got me there.”

Hatsumi and Titania took advantage of the opportunity to talk about

Suimei behind his back. They then watched as he walked right up to the

guards he’d just encountered and struck up a conversation with them, his

eyes shining crimson.

“Hey, sorry to bug you, but is there an inn you’d recommend around

here?”

“You’re after an inn? If that’s the case, there’s a nice place on the main

road aimed at the middle class. They’ve got a big sign up, so you can’t miss

it. Breakfast is included in your stay, and it’s worth staying there for.”

“Thanks a bunch. Keep up the good work on patrol.”

After somewhat facetiously thanking the guard, Suimei briskly returned

to the girls, who were both staring at him in puzzlement. It seemed they’d

found his perfectly casual conversation with the guard confoundingly odd.

“...What’s up?”

“So, Suimei, that super important thing you were talking about...”

“Finding somewhere to sleep is super important, you know. Nobody

wants to stay at a crappy inn.”

“No, well... That’s certainly true, but...”

It was a bit off point, but Hatsumi couldn’t argue with him. While she

struggled for a quip, Titania spoke up with an exasperated expression on her

face.

“Hatsumi-sama, resign yourself. There is no meaning in saying anything

to this man.”

“You’re totally right, Titania-san. You’re my only ally here.”

“You know, you two have been super mean to me for a while now.”

And thusly Suimei’s vanguard team successfully infiltrated Kurant City.

★

A few days after Suimei and his team departed for Kurant City, the

victory parade and celebration in the imperial city came to an uneventful

close.

Thanks to her magicka, Felmenia’s Titania disguise was perfect. No one

even suspected her. Their biggest worry the entire time was keeping Io

Kuzami in check. Other than that, everything had gone perfectly. The only

complaints they had were about their sore cheeks and aching arms from all

the smiling and waving. Lefille was still the right size, and Liliana had only

gotten sleepy on the job a handful of times. They couldn’t have asked for

more.

And now, with all of their business taken care of in the city, Reiji and

company were in a carriage bound for Kurant City. Staring out the window,

he recalled his conversation with Suimei at the military encampment.

“Magic... No, magicka, huh?”

After finding out he was a magician, Suimei had told Reiji lots of things.

And even after having some time to think about them, he still found them

strange. Just where in their peacefully civilized world of convenience and

leisure did something chaotic like magicka fit in?

Reiji couldn’t figure it out, but that in and of itself proved how artful and

resourceful the practitioners of the mysteries were in keeping them

disguised—like hiding a candle in the bright neon lights of the city. They

had the whole world fooled into thinking magic wasn’t real.

After everything Suimei had told him and everything he’d seen, Reiji

still found it hard to believe himself. He nearly laughed the whole thing off,

and that was when Suimei had said to him...

“The majority of the people in our world were raised by science, after

all. But why do you think that is? In truth... In truth, it’s obvious which set

of laws makes more sense, right? At the end of the day, ‘laws’ are just things

humans arbitrarily thought of and applied to phenomena—nothing more

and nothing less. But when you do something ridiculous with magicka and

it fails, you can trace that failure back to something unscientific. Yet when

you strive for something scientifically and it fails, people just throw their

hands up and call it a failure. They say something doesn’t work or it’s not

possible or some such. And that’s the difference—nothing’s impossible with

magicka. It’s a matter of perspective. When people are raised by science

and the laws of the physical, that’s all they believe in. If science is all you

understand, then that’s all you can gauge the world with.”

That was why, Suimei said, that Reiji thought the way he did. Children

of science could discover magic for themselves, but if they could never

change their perspective, they would never truly understand. Even Reiji,

who could use magic himself, still bordered on disbelief. Being born and

raised in a world of science had functionally predisposed him against it.

While watching the flowing scenery swim by, Reiji let his thoughts

wander. They eventually returned and settled on his best friend. The very

one who’d taught him all this.

“Um, is Suimei strong?”

When the question came to mind, Reiji turned to Lefille, who was sitting

next to him. In response, she gently pushed up the brim of her large hat to

show her face.

“Suimei-kun is indeed strong. I’m a swordswoman so I can’t really go

into too much detail about what makes him that way, but... If Suimei-kun is

weak, then I don’t think you could say anyone in this world is strong.”

Hearing her answer, Reiji looked over to Felmenia and Liliana, who

both nodded in agreement. Lastly, Reiji turned to the other person who was

looking out the window nostalgically—Io Kuzami.

“Ah, yes, my rival is quite strong. What, can you not tell that for

yourself?”

“No, see... Even after finding out he was a magician, he just seems the

same as ever.”

Suimei had confessed that he was a magician, but at the end of the day,

Suimei was still Suimei to Reiji. He acted like everything was a pain, and

was in general a flippant smart aleck—just like always. He’d explained all

kinds of things to Reiji, but the thing Reiji was the haziest on was what that

actually meant about Suimei.

“Heh, I see my fiancé’s powers of observation still have a long way to

go.”

“Even if it’s little by little, I feel like I’m getting stronger though.”

“Is that not just because you’re getting familiar with the Goddess’s

blessing?”

“I wondered about that... Is that all it is?”

Reiji was aware that he’d made progress, but he was also aware that he

was gaining ground at an unnatural speed. It left him wondering sometimes

if he himself was actually getting stronger at all, rather than just the power

he was given increasing.

“Reiji... what does it feel like... to receive... the Goddess’s blessing?”

At Liliana’s sudden question, Reiji clenched and opened his hands like a

baby would while replying.

“Honestly, I don’t really know myself. It kind of feels like, without

doing anything, I got stronger... Or something?”

“That’s your imagination... Or... perhaps not?”

“Could it be the power of the Sacrament?”

“No, that’s a different feeling. When I use the Sacrament, I feel like all

my abilities have been enhanced. It feels like I could fight forever. Like I’m

limitless. Like my mana and stamina would never run out.”

That was how it felt, at least, but he knew all too well that the power he

gained from the Sacrament was only temporary. It made the feeling of using

it somewhat uncanny.

“Compared to before, I feel like you’ve gotten stronger too.”

“Do you think so, Lady Felmenia?”

“I believe it is the result of the divine blessing bestowed upon the

summoned heroes. I have heard it gradually makes one stronger, so I

believe that would be what Reiji-dono is feeling right now.”

“The Goddess’s blessing is really something, huh?”

“It’s... unfair.”

While Lefille and Liliana were both busy being envious, Felmenia raised

her hand like she had a question.

“Um, Reiji-dono, there’s something I’m a little curious about...”

“Something you’re curious about?”

Felmenia exchanged a quick glance with Lefille, who nodded at her. It