Then...

“Crystallized Las Shiara!”

The golem encased in crystal had no way of evading the attack. By that

inevitable and absolute strike from the crystal sword, the golem and crystal

alike were smashed to pieces as pale lightning scattered through the

courtyard.

“He did it!”

Witnessing the golem’s defeat, Mizuki raised a joyous cry. She and

Suimei then approached Reiji, who was staring at the falling crystals with a

satisfied expression.

“For the time being, good work.”

“Mm, but...”

“Yeah, all we’ve defeated is that troublesome golem... I still haven’t

slugged that douchey duke, huh? And I’ve got a whole lotta questions for

you, mister.”

“Haha... yeah.”

At that, Reiji’s satisfied expression became gloomy for some reason.

Suimei wasn’t sure what was going through his mind, but when he turned to

look at Hadorious, he also had a grim expression on his face.

“To break that man’s technique... You’ve exceeded my expectations.”

“Don’t be stupid. You can’t say we broke it. You set it up intentionally

so that its weak point would be the hero’s power, didn’t you? Start to finish,

this was nothing more than some damn test...”

It was too convenient that the golem’s weakness would be the hero’s

divine power. That had to have been on purpose, and Suimei figured it was

likely that they were simply using it as a means to see how much the hero’s

power had developed. He was fuming to himself in irritation, but suddenly

stopped and stood up straight.

“Suimei?”

Ignoring the confused Reiji for a moment, Suimei spoke up in a

courteous tone.

“I think it’s about time that you make an appearance. Or, by hiding

yourself, do you perhaps mean to say that you don’t yet acknowledge our

abilities?”

Reiji, Mizuki, and Hadorious all looked around in confusion. But in

response to the courteous magician, the man Suimei was calling out to—the

mirage man—quietly replied.

“My, my... Allow me to say that was well done, disciple of Lord

Nestahaim. It is only proper that I give you my praise for finding the answer

faster than I thought you would.”

Offering those words of praise, a man with long, wavy, light purple hair

and a large build appeared on top of the roof of the Hadorious mansion. He

promptly jumped down and gently landed on the ground with none of the

impact one would have expected from such a leap. He then went and stood

next to Hadorious.

“Gottfried-dono...”

It seemed that Hadorious hadn’t expected to see him—or, at least, hadn’t

expected to see him reveal himself—and stood there with a surprised look

pasted on his face. Seeing him like that, the mirage man—Gottfried—

pointed his light purple eyes at Suimei, and responded to Hadorious in a

composed manner.

“If he conforms to etiquette, then I must oblige and show myself. There

is no need for you to be timid, Lucas.”

As Gottfried stepped forward, Hadorious answered him with a light

bow. Suimei, meanwhile, put his right hand across his chest and took a step

forward, his red eyes meeting Gottfried’s violet gaze.

“My name is Yakagi Suimei. Alongside the great magician king

Nestahaim, progenitor of our magicka, I am one of many seeking the

transient truth. Though it is discourteous to ask the name of a master and

pioneer of the ways of magicka, I would like to inquire your name.”

And in response...

“My name is Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz... Though my body is soaked in

great mystery, I am one whose name has withered.”

“The philosopher who used God...”

Suimei grit his teeth when he realized he’d been right on the money.

He’d had an inkling after their encounter in the Alliance, but that was

exactly the name he was expecting to hear. He was far superior in rank than

Suimei, a magician who could be classified as one of magicka’s

forerunners. A magician who could rival the Greed of Ten. The mirage man,

Gottfried, flashed a calm, thin smile.

“It is fine for you to step aside, disciple of Lord Nestahaim. As you are

now, you cannot keep me company. If you wish to face me, take back your

original power or obtain a suitable one before you come to me.”

“Are you telling me to come then?”

“Of course. This is my path in this world. If you wish to get in my way,

finish what it is you must, and then come stand before me.”

After those words to Suimei, Gottfried turned his gaze over to Reiji. Or

rather, to the Sacrament in his hand.

“Hero, that is Sir Ryzeia’s sword. Use it with care.”

“You know about this... No, do you know that man?”

“Yes. That man and I were both summoned here.”

Gottfried flashed something of a nostalgic smile, and Reiji continued to

question him.

“Why are you people doing this?! Do you think it’s alright for this world

to fall into the demons’ clutches?!”

“I do not think that at all, but it is still too early to give you all the

answers.”

“Too early?”

Suimei raised an eyebrow.

“If you answer now, then it will become an obstacle?”

“Quite so,” Gottfried replied with a nod.

“So it’s not like you’re lending a hand to the demons or anything,

right?”

“Certainly not. We recognize the demons and the Evil God are things

that must eventually be destroyed.”

“Can I believe you?”

“Indeed. However, if you would like to hear more, then...”

They should once more put all their strength into standing. And while

they were in the midst of this exchange, everyone else—Felmenia, Lefille,

Liliana, and even Titania, Elliot, and Hatsumi—all appeared.

“Tia!”

“Reiji-sama, is this the mastermind?”

As Titania came to Reiji’s side, she pinpointed Gottfried as the

ringleader and narrowed her eyes at him. Gottfried had a particular

indescribable atmosphere to him, which was probably what had led her to

this conclusion. But her gaze quickly turned to the man standing next to

him.

“Your Royal Highness.”

Hadorious quietly bent a knee, and Titania glowered.

“Duke Hadorious, if you stand with this man, I shall take the liberty of

assuming you now stand against my father?”

“I swore never to serve two masters. My only lord will forever be His

Majesty King Almadious.”

In response to Hadorious’s serious reply, Titania stayed completely

silent as she assessed the situation. Gottfried then turned to address her.

“You are the princess of this country, then?”

Titania remained silent. Gottfried then nodded.

“It is just as Lucas said. His sword is proudly sworn to your king and no

one else. If I were to turn my blade on your father, Lucas would turn his on

me without hesitation.”

Hearing those words, Titania was quite unsure... Perhaps she didn’t want

to, but she begrudgingly accepted.

“Let us withdraw.”

“Withdraw?”

“There is nothing else we can do here. Though we may judge the duke,

there is nothing to punish him for. Elliot-dono stayed of his own accord in

the end.”

Reiji was slightly bewildered at Titania’s suggestion, and turned to

Suimei.

“Suimei, do you think that’s alright...?”

“Honestly, I don’t know what we should do. I still want to punch that

guy, but now that we’re standing on ceremony, I’ll have to wait. This

situations’ far too complicated.”

“But is this okay...?”

“This ain’t just about winning or losing. What was the victory condition

here in the first place? We’ve accomplished what we set out to do, so

anything else will just be excess meddling. If we were carrying our

momentum from before, it would be one thing, but...”

The fight had died down and they were now talking things out—for the

most part—like rational adults. There was no socially acceptable excuse to

escalate things again. As Suimei made a bitter expression, Gottfried turned

to Reiji.

“Hero, allow me to give you a single warning.”

“What is it?”

“If you do not want to lose yourself, then rebel against the will of the

Goddess. There is no other path before you than that.”

“I’m fighting by my own will! There’s nothing more to it than that!”

Having had a similar confrontation with Hadorious early, Reiji

unintentionally shouted in response. Meanwhile, a concerned-looking

Felmenia turned to Suimei.

“Suimei-dono...”

“We’re done here. We really can’t do anything more. Let’s go,

everyone.”

Suimei looked at each of his comrades in turn, and Hatsumi let out a

dissatisfied sigh.

“What a stale stalemate to end on...”

“We don’t have a choice. We’ll have to save slugging that man for some

other time.”

Lefille too sounded disappointed with this outcome. Like Suimei, she’d

also been looking forward to giving Hadorious a good beating. But

collectively acknowledging that there was nothing to be gained from

staying, they all agreed to leave.

Gottfried stepped aside, and after calling out to Hadorious, the two of

them entered the mansion. Seeing them withdraw, Reiji turned to Suimei.

“Suimei, he said Leibniz or something, but he didn’t mean...”

“That’s right. The mathematician and a philosopher who, to prove his

own theory, became known as the man who used God.”

Even if that name wasn’t particularly famous, he was still an icon of his

age. On the surface, he was a mathematician, philosopher, and scientist.

And behind closed doors, he was a practitioner of mysteries—a genuine

renaissance man of intellectual pursuits. Yes, that was Gottfried Wilhelm

Leibniz, the inheritor of Ars Magna Raimundi. The very same man who

advocated Ars Combinatoria to the world.