Unable to hide her astonishment, Titania adjusted her high-collared

mantle and proceeded down the hall. Suimei followed after her, but quickly

realized Liliana hadn’t budged. As though she was worried as well, she was

still staring at the door Hatsumi had disappeared though.

“Liliana, what’s wrong?”

“It’s... nothing.”

“I hear you saying that, but you sure don’t look like it’s nothing.”

Liliana then tottered forward, opened the door, and took a good look into

the empty room. After confirming that there really was no one inside, she

quietly closed the door again and explained.

“Somewhere in the mansion... I sense a presence... much like the

colonel’s magic.”

“Rogue-san’s?”

“Yes. It’s sort of like... it has the same feel to it... or...”

Liliana was being uncharacteristically imprecise. She was practically

fumbling for words, which gave Suimei a sense of the profound loneliness

inside her. Her longing for her foster father made her especially keen to his

presence, but it seemed she couldn’t bring herself to admit it was him.

“So what do you want to do? Go take a look?”

“No... Let’s prioritize... the search for the hero.”

“All right.”

And so, with their mission agreed upon, all talk of Hatsumi’s

disappearance came to an end and the three of them began moving down

the hallway again. They proceeded cautiously, vigilant of their

surroundings. And eventually, Suimei called out to Titania, who was leading

the group.

“Tia, do you know much about this mansion?”

“I have visited it once before, but the interior has changed quite a lot

since then. It is likely that it was arbitrarily modified without the permission

of the royal family, but... in general...”

She did know a bit about it. As a princess, she knew all manner of things

about the more important nobles. It seemed their residences were all

designed according to some standard, so they didn’t deviate all that much

from one another in their construction. However...

“Suimei, I have no way of identifying hidden rooms. Might that be

something you can do?”

“I’ve been checking since we first entered, so it shouldn’t be a problem.

Actually, I feel like it’s weird that I haven’t found any yet. I’d expect a bad

guy to have more than just a wine cellar and basement.”

“Is that so? Then—”

The moment she was about to say something, Suimei’s magickal

surveillance net detected something.

“Stop.”

“?!”

“...”

Upon hearing Suimei’s suddenly chilled voice, Titania stopped dead in

her tracks. Liliana, on the other hand, knew exactly what that tone in his

voice meant and quietly slid a small, compact staff out of her sleeve. The

hall ended in a wall straight ahead of them before turning left.

“Is there... someone ahead?”

“Around the corner. They don’t seem to be moving, though. Maybe

they’re lying in wait.”

“What... should we do?”

“Well, all we can do is move ahead. We’ll figure it out as we go.”

If there was someone lying in wait, that meant their little stealth

operation had been found out. There was a certain apprehension to

proceeding under the circumstances, but as long as they didn’t know who

lay ahead, they couldn’t just blindly attack. And without confirming Elliot’s

condition, it wasn’t even like they had good cause for trespassing yet. There

was also no telling who else might be in the mansion.

In the worst case scenario, if they preemptively attacked, the duke could

claim they’d broken into his estate with nefarious intentions. That would

just make things hairier. Of course, there was also the possibility they might

be attacked as soon as they rounded the corner, but Suimei took defensive

measures to try and shield them from any possible danger.

And just as Suimei had said, there was someone waiting for them when

they turned the corner—a single maid with a taciturn expression. Seeing

her, Suimei started to approach her with an air of relief, but for some

reason, Titania held him back. After a long moment of silence, the maid

addressed them sternly.

“This is the mansion of Duke Lucas de Hadorious. To enter here without

an invitation from His Grace and skulk around so... Who might you be?

Burglars and petty thieves?”

“I am the first royal princess of the Kingdom of Astel, Titania Root

Astel,” Titania replied in an equally stern tone. “Should you doubt my

identity, then I shall have no choice but to prove it with these two swords. Is

that understood?”

Titania flew her fighting spirit high like a flag as she introduced herself.

The princess was known to be a member of the Seven Swords, after all.

And it seemed to work. The maid acknowledged her royal display of spirit

and kneeled down on the spot.

“My deepest apologies, Your Royal Highness. I am but a simple servant

in the employ of this mansion. I humbly beg your forgiveness for the crude

insult of even suggesting that you might be a burglar.”

“I have come because I heard that the hero Elliot Austin was staying in

this mansion. Is he here?”

Titania questioned the maid without relenting in the slightest. It sounded

as though she meant her tone to convey she wouldn’t humor anything less

than a full answer. She wasn’t actually expecting the maid to cooperate,

but...

“Regarding that matter, I have already been given orders by the master.

Please come this way.”

“Oh?”

It wasn’t actually an answer at all, but it might turn out to be even more

helpful than that. Suimei and Liliana were equally perplexed at this

development, but Titania kept her cool as she encouraged the maid to lead

the way. She then turned to her two companions.

“Suimei, let us proceed.”

“If you think this is fine, then it’s fine, but...”

Suimei was unable to shake his doubts about the present situation, but

for the time being, he decided to trust Titania and followed her. He then

turned his questions to the maid.

“So, miss, what did you mean when you said that you’ve already been

given orders?”

“In the event that Her Royal Highness Titania were to appear in the

mansion, His Grace told me that I should hide nothing from her.”

So she was simply doing as she was told. Suimei tossed a casual glance

Titania’s way and saw her eyes narrow in displeasure. He knew good and

well that she didn’t care for the duke, but rather than them being on bad

terms, it was starting to seem like the hostility was mostly one-sided.

“Does this mean the duke anticipated my arrival?”

“I was merely instructed how to handle the situation should it arise. I

must say, I was quite surprised to find that you actually came, Your

Highness.”

Despite what she said, the maid’s taciturn expression didn’t betray the

slightest hint of surprise. As the domestic of a noble, she was likely trained

to keep her composure.

“I see. That at least means he anticipated that we would infiltrate the

mansion.”

The duke had Elliot detained, so it was only reasonable to assume

someone may come to try and save him. Titania was Reiji’s escort, so it was

public knowledge she had a connection to the heroes. In that sense, it was

also perfectly reasonable to assume she may personally show up one way or

another.

However, it was still strange to think that the duke would relinquish

Elliot so readily. Still unsure of exactly what was going on, Suimei turned

to Liliana, but she simply shook her head.

“I don’t really get it,” he said to her quietly. “They lured Hatsumi away,

but they’re taking us to Elliot? It doesn’t really feel like a trap, though...”

“I also cannot get... a read on the situation.”

“The fact that there’s no consistency between his purpose and his actions

is consistent, at least...”

Suimei continued to ponder this hazy development in an already hazy

situation, and eventually the maid stopped in front of a certain door that

appeared to be their destination. The maid knocked, and the voice of a

young man answered from the other side. It was a familiar voice, and

judging by the sound of it, the speaker appeared to be fine. The maid then

opened the door.

Inside—casually sitting on a sofa and sipping on a cup of tea—was their

target, Elliot. Upon realizing who had come to visit him, he put on his usual

nihilistic smile and greeted them.

“My, I didn’t think you would be the ones to come—particularly you,”

he said, eying Suimei.

“And I didn’t think you would be so chipper and healthy...”

“Ah, yes. Well, as you can see, I have been treated hospitably.”

There, Elliot brushed his golden locks out of his face in a pompous

manner and waved his arm to the side in an exaggerated gesture. He meant

to demonstrate that he was indeed perfectly fine, but that only made things

more confounding. As Elliot returned his cup to the saucer in a haughty

manner, he checked his attitude and courteously turned to Titania.

“Allow me to apologize for causing you any undue worry, Princess

Titania.”

“No, I’m glad to see you well, Elliot-dono.”

After their short exchange, Suimei cut back in to the conversation.

“So? What are you just sitting in here for?”

“I have nothing else to do, you see. I cannot get out of here.”

“You can’t get out? Why don’t you just leave? You don’t look like

you’re being restrained, and it shouldn’t be all that hard for someone like

you to force your way out of the building, right?”

“Certainly, if I put my mind to it, I could do just that. However, if I do,

he threatened to bring harm to Christa.”

“I see. That’s why you haven’t done anything.”

As long as the two of them were separated, the duke could use them

against each other. And as long as Elliot wanted to protect Christa, his

hands were tied. But hearing this, a vein protruded from Titania’s forehead

as she laid bare her indignation.

“He’s damned if he thinks he can use a priest of the Church of Salvation

as a hostage.”

“He doesn’t seem to be a truly noble noble, much less a man of faith.”

“So?”

“I was told I only had to wait here for a time. It is annoying, I admit, but

I had no choice other than to comply.”

“Why does he want you here?”

“Who knows? When they caught me, I was wondering just what they

were going to do with me, but since then, the duke has been nothing other

than an exemplary host. Just what is he thinking, I wonder? I tried asking,

but was politely declined.”

Elliot groaned a little as he shook his head from side to side. Not even

he knew the reason he was being held.

Was his goal only to detain him? No... Just what could he accomplish by

doing that?

The obvious answer was that the duke was attempting to restrict Elliot’s

actions, but that didn’t fully make sense to Suimei. It would imply that he

meant to keep Elliot from doing something, and based on the timing...

“The clash with the demons in the Empire?”

It seemed as though the duke had wanted to keep Elliot from

participating in the battle.

“Now that I think of it, Hatsumi also said that she was stalled on the way

there, didn’t she?”

“But Hero Reiji... was there... without issue.”

“Does that mean they wanted Reiji-sama to defeat the demons?”

What Titania was suggesting was possible. Reiji very well may have

been able to defeat the demons on his own, but...

“No, that can’t be it. In the end, they just made it look like he won.

Those guys from the Universal Apostles showed up to help and everything.

And not even that makes sense...”

“It sounds like you’ve learned all sorts of things.”

“We’ll explain it all later.”

In the end, things just weren’t adding up for Suimei. The Universal

Apostles had made it clear their intention was to kidnap the heroes, not help