as if this were all perfectly normal.

“You’re...?”

“Suimei-dono!”

It appeared as though Duke Hadorious didn’t recognize Suimei after all.

The clue that he was Reiji’s friend didn’t seem to ring any bells either, but

when Felmenia called his name, Hadorious suddenly looked rather

bewildered.

“Suimei...? Suimei Yakagi? Why are you here?”

“Why? What else? I came to rescue the hero.”

Hearing those words, a deep wrinkle appeared on Hadorious’s brow.

There was a stark moment of disbelief at the thought that Suimei had

infiltrated his estate, but that was to be expected. He hardly knew what

Suimei’s magicka was capable of.

“I see... The hero was just a distraction while you snuck into the

mansion. Was that it? I must say, I’m honestly surprised you managed to get

through all my security.”

“Yeah, well, it wasn’t exactly hard.”

There, Suimei burst into capricious laughter. His insouciant attitude

seemed to irritate Hadorious all the more at this interruption. With the mood

killed, his confident expression twisted into a scowl.

“Nevertheless, I won’t have you standing in the way of my match with

Hero-dono. Kindly step aside.”

“Aw, don’t be so cold. Let me join in on the fun. You’re a big-shot

noble, right? Show me a duke’s hospitality, will ya?”

“I have nothing to show rabble like you. Second squad! To the front!”

Hadorious hurled orders at his private soldiers currently engaged with

Felmenia and Lefille. A portion of them broke away from the fight and

approached Suimei. In response to that, Suimei replied with his usual

exasperation and an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders... then started

cracking his knuckles.

“Wow, calling me rabble? That’s harsh, man. I think I just might cry. I

mean, my bad. Sorry for having such a mediocre face...”

“Suimei, now’s not the time to be joking around! Put some—”

“Nah, there’s nothing for me to get worked up about here.”

Even before the soldiers closing in on him, even with Reiji trying to

warn him, Suimei simply grinned like he was about to have some fun. It

wasn’t a joyful smile, but a fearless one. He was sneering at those who

dared to challenge him. Reiji had seen that look before and he knew what it

meant—these men were about to learn their lesson.

A bright flash then flickered behind Suimei like a lightning strike,

creating a dazzling ultramarine light in the blink of an eye. It was a spread

of small magicka circles lining up systematically behind him.

“Wha—?!”

“This is...!”

Those synchronized voices of surprise came from Reiji and Hadorious

respectively. Both of them were floored to see the fifty some magic circles

behind Suimei, each one imprinted with some unusual equation... and each

one gathering mana like a charging laser. Really, with all of them assembled

behind him, Suimei looked like some kind of magickal gunner with an

impressive arsenal. All he’d have to do was pull the trigger—or, in this

case, say the magic words.

“Illustre carmen ad operationem simplicem. Armat ad quinquaginta et

passive diducit, invocato Augoeides. Strategic Bombing.”

[Illustrious spell at simplified operation. Arm from one to fifty and

deploy randomly, invoke Augoeides. Strategic Bombing.]

The moment he finished his chant and swung his arm down, Reiji’s

expectations became reality. The magicka circles concentrated their light

and fifty brilliant rays shot out, racing towards the soldiers approaching

Suimei. Unlike the clear, soft light of a flashlight or torch, these rays looked

like dense pillars or flickering spears. Reiji didn’t even need to imagine

what would happen to someone struck by one.

The instant the beams made impact, there was a dazzling lightshow. The

mercenaries’ formation became a stage of explosions and sparks flying

every which way. It was hard to even tell what was happening underneath it

all.

The terrifying scene sent chills down Reiji’s spine. He felt like he was

frozen in place—he didn’t dare move. And it was for his own good. If he

stepped forward carelessly, he too might get caught up in the unceasing

barrage of flashes and sparks. He was best off staying put.

When the pandemonium began to die down, it left an afterimage in the

eyes of all who beheld it like a fading strobe light. It took a few seconds for

them to see that every single one of the soldiers in the formation was now

collapsed on the spot.

They weren’t visibly injured, but their armor was scorched and

crumbling. It was all too obvious they’d been struck with a great and fiery

force. Paying no mind to the felled soldiers who weren’t so much as

twitching, Suimei turned a fearless and provoking smile towards the rest of

the mercenaries. He then stuck out his hand and curled his finger towards

himself as if to say, “Come and get it.”

But all the remaining mercenaries read in his cocky attitude was,

“You’re all worthless. I don’t care how many of you there are—you can’t

take me.” Understandably insulted an incensed, they all rushed at him at

once. They closed in quickly, lunging at Suimei with swords and spears. In

response, he simply jumped in the air to dodge their blades... and then

snapped his fingers.

It was a casual and graceful gesture. And as soon as the snapping sound

rang out in the air, the air itself exploded in front of him, blowing all the

mercenary soldiers away. Suimei then made a reckless and daring landing

right in the middle of their formation. He crouched down and placed his

right hand on the stone tiles of the garden and unleashed a tremendous

amount of mana all at once.

Pure mana had its own power, but when not channeled into magicka, it

wasn’t a particularly effective attack. Yet when enough of it was released,

even the mysteries in the surroundings would run wild, and that was exactly

what happened here. Suimei’s mana pressurized the atmospheric aetheric to

its extreme, causing an explosion.

Of course, Reiji didn’t understand what was happening. All he saw was

an explosive burst of flame swallow the soldiers and Suimei alike.

Eventually, the fire and smoke vanished, blown away by an unnatural wind.

What was revealed in their stead... was a magician now conspicuously in a

black suit. He swung his arm as if swatting away the lingering embers like

flies and let out a bored sigh.

This is...

Reiji was in awe of the disastrous scene he’d just witnessed, and even

more in awe of his best friend who’d caused it. All of it, down to the last

detail, was beyond his imagination. He was floored when he saw Felmenia

use magicka, but this surpassed even that by leaps and bounds.

When Reiji first heard of magicians, when he heard the stories from

Felmenia and Lefille, he thought he understood the extent of the power they

were talking about. Suimei used techniques that were literally out of this

world, and they were what Felmenia had used to become stronger—that

was all. That was the impression he’d been under. But now that he’d gotten

a closer look at the real thing, he realized how utterly wrong he’d been.

Reiji and Suimei had had something of an unprecedented heart-to-heart

that day at the encampment. Reiji had confessed the strange sense of

surrealism he felt at the death of so many soldiers, and Suimei had

understood it perfectly. He said it was because this was a different world,

that it would always be harder for things to hit home for Reiji here. He said

he knew how Reiji felt because he felt it too, so Reiji had walked away

from that conversation feeling like they were at last on the same page.

But this—this stunt that Suimei had just pulled—crushed that feeling

flat. How could someone who was this powerful understand what someone

like Reiji was feeling? If Suimei was that powerful, how on earth was it that

this backwater world felt surreal to him? The world they were from—the

world that had produced Suimei—must have been far, far more mystical.

Just how dangerous... is our world?

If Suimei needed this kind of power to get by, it must secretly be a

blood-soaked nightmare. That was all Reiji could think when he saw this

stupendous display. That, and just where in their ostensibly peaceful world

were people like him hiding? Reiji couldn’t believe it... And he could hardly

believe his eyes. But it was precisely because his friend had been fighting in

their own world that he was able to fight like this here. And when that

realization fully dawned on him, he couldn’t help laughing.

“You know, Suimei... this is really kind of unfair.”

“Huh? Look who’s talking, Mr. I Instantly Got Stupid Strong When I

Was Summoned Here. You make me look like an idiot for spending twelve

years getting to this level, you jerk.”

Suimei glared daggers perhaps a little sharper than normal at Reiji. It

was his pride as a magician showing.

“Menia, Lefi, you alright over there?”

“I’m just fine, Suimei-dono! Don’t mind me! Please give all your

support to Reiji-dono!”

“I’m okay over here too! Just holding them back is no problem!”

“Alrighty then. Sorry to ask, but could you push the rest of ’em all the

way over there? They’re in the way scuttling around here.”

The two girls seemed to have no trouble complying with Suimei’s

request. With their red wind and white flames, Thoria’s hero and

Hadorious’s private soldiers were pushed back beyond the bounds of

Suimei’s battle so they wouldn’t get in his way. Once that was taken care of,

Suimei shot a cold glance Hadorious’s way.

“So? Is that all for the opening act? For treating people like peons, that

was a pretty poor showing, wasn’t it? Right, Mr. Big-Shot Duke?”

When Reiji looked, he saw that Hadorious’s composed expression had

twisted into one of surprise. Much like Reiji, he was aghast at the extent of

Suimei’s abilities. Or perhaps it was simply that he couldn’t believe them...

“Ridiculous. Forget using magic without hailing Elements, to think you

could even fight... I thought you were just some powerless coward.”

Seeing Hadorious’s disbelief, Suimei made a mockingly stupefied

expression.

“Aw, gee... That’s how it is, huh? Well, you are from Astel, aren’t you?

Man, I can’t believe that’s what you thought of me...”

The people of Astel had been badmouthing Suimei as gutless since he

was first summoned. Of course, that was only because he’d been hiding his

powers all this time. Not even Duke Hadorious had any idea what he was

really capable of.

“I see... So you’ve deceived the good people of Astel, have you?”

“Hey, hey! Can you not make it sound like I’m the bad guy here? I don’t

even wanna hear that kinda crap from you. Sending an entire fucking army

of demons after a trade caravan of innocent people... It was a real chore

beating the shit out of all of them, you know?”

“Then you’re the one who... I see, you’re the man in black that demon

general was yelling about.”

As if to answer Hadorious’s suspicions, Suimei flipped open the long,

black coat he wore over his suit. The instant he did, a strong wind swept

through the courtyard, making the manicured hedges and shrubs dance. At

the arrival of some unknown mystical presence, it was like the natural

balance of power was suddenly tipped. The mana lamps began to flicker

ominously. And then...

“That’s right. The guy Rajas cursed probably until his last breath? That

was me—Society magician Yakagi Suimei.”

The moment he said that, a piercing chill condensed in the air... and it

was aimed directly at Hadorious.

★

After Suimei forced his way into the fight in the courtyard, he conjured

all his dormant mana and relieved Reiji in his fight against Hadorious.

Suimei was now radiating mana, fighting spirit, and all the lingering

anger he’d been building up over the past few months.

This asshole... Doing nothing but fucking around with people...

Throwing that kindling on an already raging fire, he fanned the flames

growing in his heart. And it showed in his increasingly intimidating aura.

As for his opponent, Hadorious was still surprised that Suimei could

even use magic. Slowly coming to grips with the situation, however, his

face relaxed into the composed expression he’d worn while fighting Reiji.

“Very well, Suimei Yakagi. This simply means that I underestimated

you.”

“What a blunder, too... I wonder just how much it’s going to tighten that

noose around your neck.”

“Shut that impertinent mouth of yours. Even with you here, all it means

is that the number of opponents in this bout has increased by one.”

“This bout, huh?”