The clash between the Nelferian Empire and the invading demon army,

before the decisive battle in the foothills could even take place, ended—

rather unbelievably—with the demons’ retreat.

To the humans who were supposed to take part in the decisive battle,

where a considerable amount of casualties were expected, this was great

news. But the price for it had been thousands of lives on the front lines.

No, saying that was the price made it sound like those lives had been

paid for. And they weren’t. They had been stolen by Lishbaum’s magicka,

Cross Dimension—the magicka that made him the Greed of Ten. It had

severed everything, both heads and the tops of mountains. And it wasn’t

even part of the demons’ plan. It was nothing but a sideshow, a whim of

Lishbaum’s as he was withdrawing. It was almost like his way of saying

that the humans shouldn’t even think of his retreat as a victory. He wouldn’t

even let them have that much.

Suimei and the others had been spared Lishbaum’s Cross Dimension

technique, Phase Severance. As such, once the demons retreated, they

ended up swamped with work in the aftermath. After the immense death

toll, the encampment was drastically shorthanded and there was plenty to be

done—they had to deal with the corpses of the demons, hold memorial

services for the fallen soldiers, and call for reinforcements, all while

remaining vigilant of the surrounding area. There was so much to do that

even Suimei and the others were recruited to help, and things had only just

now finally started to calm down.

While the surviving soldiers were still tirelessly running about, having

been temporarily relieved of work, Suimei and Reiji were behind a tent in

the middle of taking a break.

“Well, how do I put it...? What I mean to say is, you know...”

“Uuhhh, yeah, I, uuhhh...”

They were standing shoulder to shoulder with their backs against the

tent. One was talking like they were scolding the other, and said other was

sweating profusely. Of course, the former was Reiji, and the latter Suimei.

Things had ended up this way because it had at last been revealed to

Reiji that Suimei was a magician during the conflict with Lishbaum the

other day—and, moreover, that he’d been hiding it. Logically, Reiji mostly

understood why Suimei had kept him in the dark. But emotionally, as his

friend, it wasn’t something he could stay calm and logical about

“I know I’m also in the wrong for deciding to fight the demons without

even consulting you about it, but you know...”

“Y-Yeah, mmhmm! That’s right! That was horrible, you know? Of all

the terrible shit you’ve done to me, I’d put it in the top three.”

In a complete one-eighty from his sheepish and apologetic attitude a

moment ago, Suimei poured it on thick with a feigned triumphant

expression. Reiji, however, being the honest and sentimental guy that he

was, couldn’t deny Suimei there.

“Ugh... That’s why I’m saying I know it was my bad...”

“But you know...”

“But nothing! To keep a secret like that all this time... Isn’t that just a

little too cruel?!”

“What? N-No, no, no! I keep telling you there were circumstances I had

to consider...”

“Even after Mizuki ended up like that? Don’t you think that would have

been the right time to come out to me?”

“Th-That’s when I first thought about telling you, honest! Ask any of the

girls; they’ll tell you!”

To prove his good intentions to his best friend, he was willing to drag

the others into this. And in doing so, he did himself the disservice of doing

what was conventionally known as shooting oneself in the foot.

“Er...”

By the time he realized what he’d done, it was too late. Reiji was

already looking at him through narrowed, critical eyes.

“Hmm? Oh yeah? That means, other than me and Mizuki, everyone

knew, huh? Even Tia and Graziella-san...”

“Uhh... Sorry ’bout that. I’m super sorry.”

Having backed himself into a corner, Suimei’s only real option now was

apologizing. Reiji was right, and Suimei knew it. He should have come

clean when Reiji appeared with Io Kuzami and the Sacrament. That would

have been the ideal time... And the fact that he hadn’t done it was

completely on him.

“Look, I know you split ways with us... And I know you. I know you did

it for our sake. But, even so, don’t you think you should have at least told us

the truth?”

“I don’t have anything to say for myself... I was just too scared.”

Being confronted with such a perfectly sound argument, Suimei

repeatedly apologized as he deflated into a tiny, tiny man. Perhaps

somewhat gratified upon seeing his friend reduced to such a state, Reiji let

out a heavy sigh. And then...

“Well, like I said, I was also in the wrong, so... let’s just call it even.”

With that, Reiji brought the discussion to a close. Or, at least, he tried.

Suimei looked like he wasn’t ready to let it go yet.

“No, hang on! Where do you get off saying those are even? What you

did was way worse, you know?”

“What?! Can’t you read the room, Suimei? This is where we’re

supposed to agree that it’s all water under the bridge! But if you want to

rehash it all, then fine! I still have plenty to say, you know?!”

“You think you have plenty to say?! Well then, buckle in, mister! This is

gonna be a long ride!”

And there, they got into it for real, attacking each other with a litany of

perceived mistakes and wrongdoings that went back well before they’d

come to this world. About how Reiji was always swarmed by girls and how

Suimei always just abandoned him. About how Suimei had to go through all

sorts of trouble because a girl who liked Reiji was bothering him. It was one

stupid thing after another, and the list went on and on... Long enough that

they exhausted themselves shouting at each other.

“Hahh... Hahh... Hey, could we... just stop?”

“Ughh... Well, yeah... This does seem a bit stupid...”

The heated dispute that had left both of them out of breath came to an

anticlimactic end when they both realized it wasn’t getting them anywhere.

Agreeing to move on from the pointless quarrel, they collectively let out a

regretful sigh. Disheartened after getting blasted like that by his best friend,

Reiji sank to the ground where he was and looked up at the sky.

“All sorts of things have happened before today... But this is really the

first time we’ve ever been so honest with each other, isn’t it?”

“...Yeah, you’re right. So with this, let’s not keep any more secrets

between us.”

Following Reiji’s lead, Suimei also sat down with a thud. His heart felt

lighter after clearing the air with Reiji; he genuinely didn’t want to go back

to the way things were between them. And Reiji seemed to feel the same.

They shared a quiet moment under the open sky before Reiji shifted his

focus to the unnaturally empty military encampment. Just a few days ago, it

had been bustling. But that was before...

“Lots of people... died right here, didn’t they?”

“Yeah... That was hard for you, wasn’t it?”

“It’s not quite that... How should I put it...?”

Reiji trailed off, mumbling to himself like whatever he was trying to say

was hard to express. Just what emotions was he holding on to? Suimei had

an idea what Reiji seemed unable to digest deep in his heart.

“It just doesn’t feel real, right?”

“...Mm, yeah. I know it’s not right for me to think of it that way, but the

fact that all those people died just feels like it was a bad dream. But I even

helped with their memorial service, so why do I still feel like that?”

Reiji was troubled as to why he couldn’t seem to process the sorrow of

such a terrible loss of life. Perhaps he was simply bewildered. Or perhaps

he was just worried that the situation didn’t really allow him time to grieve.

Or perhaps because so many people had died so abruptly, his emotions

simply couldn’t keep up. It was a difficult loss for someone who’d never

experienced anything like it to get their head around. And Suimei could

think of a reason that might be especially difficult in this case.

“I think it’s because... this is a different world from ours. I think...”

“Because it’s a different world?”

“Yeah. To put it in the simplest terms possible, this isn’t our world.

Everything we’re seeing, hearing, and taking in... it’s literally a world away

from where we’re from. I think that’s why it all feels so surreal to us. It is a

lot like a dream.”

That was it. Suimei had pinned down the unease mounting Reiji’s heart.

And he’d done it all too well, which made Reiji realize something.

“Does that mean... it’s the same for you, Suimei?”

“Yeah, a little.”

“Even with all your experience in the occult?”

“That’s just how much of a shock the existence of another world is. And

it’s not just me. Even the magicians of our world reject the idea of other

worlds and parallel universes.”

It was just too far removed from reality—or, at least, it felt that way. It

was even more remote than entertaining the idea of life on distant stars. It

was a fantasy born of fantasy—pure imagination. The stuff of dreams.

“It really is like a dream, huh?”

“If it was like that this time, it will surely be the same in the future.

However...”

“However?”

Though Reiji questioned him, Suimei didn’t reply.

Losing someone precious to you is what it takes to wake up from that

dream.

That was how it had been for Suimei. It had taken losing his father to

“wake up” back in his own world. Seeing Suimei’s lonely expression, Reiji

seemed to come to some sort of an understanding and reached into his

pocket.

“Suimei, when it comes to the occult... Or mysteries, was it? You know

your stuff, right?”

“Well, more or less.”

“Then, this... Is it really something amazing?”

“The Sacrament, huh?”

Looking at the object Reiji pulled from his pocket, Suimei let out a long

sigh. The Sacrament was really what had given Suimei the resolve to come

clean about his secret. And here Reiji was, asking if it was something

amazing. It was clear as day to Suimei he had no idea what he was really

holding in his hand.

“Fundamentally, that thing is unmanageably dangerous. Okay? But you

should know that by now, right?”

“Yeah? I mean, it does feel amazing, but how do I put it...? It’s like

there’s more to it.”

That was Reiji’s impression of it. He felt like he was in the dark. That

there was something he didn’t know. Reiji was likely only aware of the

heightened senses and physical abilities it granted, but indeed, the pinnacle

of the weapons known as Sacraments lay elsewhere.

“I don’t know a lot about those things, but I have witnessed the power

they hide once before.”

“And?”

“...The first time the Sacraments were used for military purposes in our

world was about four years ago. From just a single use, the Sacraments

blew away forces on the scale of an army division. And there were ten of

them.”

“So... ten army divisions, huh...?”

“You wanna know what it was like, right? I asked that guy the same

question before. He said a single division was between ten and twenty

thousand men. So, at bare minimum, a hundred thousand people died that

day.”

Reiji looked completely startled at Suimei’s answer.

“A-A hundred thousand... Seriously? In a single battle? That’s just...”

“No kidding. There would have been armored and air force units too, so

the damage is just unthinkably absurd, isn’t it?”

“That’s not what I mean! That’s not what I mean at all! I’m talking about

people! Human lives! A hundred thousand people dying in a single battle is

just way too many! I thought modern battles were unlike historical ones or

the ones in this world where people just stand around and fight each other

to the death!”

“Well, that’s what he said. No matter how high or wide the battlefield

was, they could gain total control of an entire area with some kind of

technique. And again, we’re talking forces in the tens of thousands. Maybe

even hundreds of thousands, and that’s not even counting the hidden

magicians, so, in short... I was shown a nightmare.”

“A nightmare...?”