As Suimei muttered that last word in a severely cold tone, Reiji audibly

gulped. Yes, it was during the war that started about six years ago in Eastern

Europe. It was there that the feared allied armies of the Middle East and

Southwest Asia triggered the nightmare of war.

The first event. The Falling Heaven Sword that smashed heaven and

earth—“The Night the Sky Fell.”

The second event. The Polar Vortex Sword that froze all hearts and fears

—“The Midsummer Blizzard.”

The third event. The Tremor Sword that buried everything in sand

—“The Giant Tsunami of the Desert.”

The fourth event. The Lightning-Bringer Sword that lit up the battlefield

—“The Flatline Site.”

The fifth event. The Haunted Water Sword that claimed even those on

dry ground—“The Mass Drowning on the Hill.”

The sixth event. The Anvil Sword that cut through the woods and

transformed everything it touched—“The Steel Forest.”

The seventh event. The Putrid Ash Sword that scattered a dust in the air

that ate away at men’s insides like worms, “The Incurable Rotting Lung

Plague.”

The eighth event. The Thirsty Rose Sword that sucked the blood of its

foes, leaving only empty husks behind—“The Tomb of Briars.”

The ninth event. The Berserker Sword that turned all gunfire against

allied troops—“The Friendly Fire Incident.”

The tenth event. The Reapers’ Puppet Sword that turned men’s own

shadows against them—“The Killer Doppelganger Raid.”

That was the catastrophic series of events caused by the Sacraments and

their power beyond human comprehension that had been unleashed on

Eastern Europe.

“...”

Hearing Suimei recount all this, Reiji was left absolutely speechless.

There were ten instances that ten thousand plus lives were lost in battle.

And he was now potentially holding one such weapon.

“We got a bit off topic, but the important part is that you recognize that

thing in your hand is just that dangerous. I don’t doubt for a minute it’s

capable of the same kind of destruction.”

“That... That much?”

“Probably, yeah.”

Suimei had started with a great deal of emphasis and certainty, but ended

on a much more ambiguous note. But even if it was uncertain, the

possibility couldn’t be denied. If this Sacrament was equal or even close to

the paranormal weapons Suimei knew about, it did indeed have the power

to stand up to gods. And as for Reiji, its wielder, he just might be the one to

bring an end to this fight. As such thoughts crossed his mind, Reiji simply

stared at the Sacrament in wonder. And then, with a slightly shaky laugh, he

gave his honest impression.

“Heh, if it’s that amazing, you’d think people would know about it. But

that isn’t the case at all, huh?”

“In our world, anything and everything related to the mysteries is

unconditionally kept from the public. Just by becoming well known, the

perpetual universal theories would crumble and lose their stability. It would

be a grand ole mess. Moreover, the actual number of Sacraments is

relatively low. They can’t currently be manufactured.”

“Is that so?”

“I’ve heard there are places researching them, but they haven’t had any

success in reproducing one. They can’t even make something similar, it

seems. But if they could, it would solve the world’s energy problem

overnight.”

“How’s that?”

“It’s the blue gem embedded in it—the Lapis Judaicus. I think you know

that it’s the source of the Sacrament’s power, but it’s also the foundation...

Well, it’s the place all consumed energy converges.”

“The place consumed energy converges? What are you talking about?

Doesn’t energy vanish after it’s consumed...?”

“You’d think, but apparently that’s not the case.”

At that, Reiji cocked his head to one side and then the other. It was like

he couldn’t understand what he was hearing at all, though there was no

helping his confusion with a decidedly unscientific explanation like that.

His groaning and head-scratching didn’t go unnoticed, however. Suimei

racked his brain for a better way to put it, and rubbed his chin for a moment

before taking another stab at it.

“Let’s put aside whether or not consumed energy vanishes for now. The

point is that that gem can take all heat energy ever created in the world and

—”

“W-W-Wait a sec! Isn’t that super outrageous?! It uses used energy?! All

the energy the world has ever used up until now?! That’s just freaking

mind-boggling!”

“I told you it was dangerous, didn’t I?”

Reiji losing his cool was rather justified. It was a mind-blowing idea,

and the fact that Suimei was talking about it so casually was just as

confounding. Suimei took the opportunity to once again reiterate just how

preposterous the Sacraments were, but Reiji couldn’t even laugh nervously

anymore. The best he could manage was a dry cough.

“I guess there would totally be wars over that kind of power, huh?”

“It’s already happening. In Eastern Europe.”

“Eastern Europe, as in... the Third Eastern European State War?! The

one going on right now?!”

“Yup.”

Reiji was once again at a loss for words at Suimei’s casual reply. The

Third Eastern European State War—the one currently unfolding in their

world—was the same war Suimei had said the Sacraments were first used

for military purposes in. On the surface, it was a bloody war about race and

religion. But in truth, it was over the creation of the Lapis Judaicus to

develop a new energy source, and the oil export magnates who feared it. It

was the Middle East and Southwest Asia who’d started a war over it.

And it had already been six years since then, but there was still no end in

sight even after all this time. Due to the devilish strategies surrounding that

man, it was a mystery why the fighting was still ongoing, but there must

have been a reason behind it. They’d been thoroughly chipping away at

their opponent’s ability to continue fighting, and the balance between the

enemy nations’ military hardliners and peace-seekers was wavering... So if

they hadn’t been victorious yet, something else was going on behind the

scenes.

Perhaps it was a magician, or someone else who held a Sacrament.

Suimei had no clue, but that was neither here nor there right now. It seemed

Reiji properly understood the power of what he held in his hand, and that it

was something that would affect those around him. With an exhausted

expression, he let out a heavy sigh.

“I have a headache now...”

“It’ll be fine as long as you don’t use it the wrong way, you hear?”

“I get that, but still...”

He was unable to settle his mounting unease. But Suimei had faith. He

didn’t think for a minute that Reiji would ever use it the wrong way. That

he’d so readily agreed to take on the demon subjugation was proof enough

of how straightforward, well-meaning, and earnest he was. Besides...

“Being able to use that thing is one of your objectives right now too.”

“You mean against the demons?”

“Yeah. The fighting from here will be harder than it was before. He’s

here. So a power like that may be just what we need.”

Against the hordes of the demon army, the massive destructive power of

the Sacrament would certainly be useful. They would be able to take control

of entire regions at a time. It was an incredible strategic weapon, and even

that was an understatement. It was pretty much ideal for taking on large

armies. But rather than that, Reiji seemed to fixate on something else

Suimei had said.

“Suimei, by ‘he,’ you mean the demon you were talking to?”

“Hmm? Aah, yeah. Kudrack... No, he said he goes by Lishbaum here,

didn’t he?”

“Mm, that’s how he introduced himself. And if I remember right, he also

said you defeated him once before... Is that true?”

Hearing Reiji’s question, Suimei closed his eyes like he was recalling

something, and eventually began speaking again with a cloudy expression.

“That’s right. I destroyed him. I took out his hit points and his stock of

lives, and denied the unending horror he forced upon us. I even erased his

bond to our world. Yet somehow, he’s still alive. And well enough to take

on that form.”

“‘That form’? You mean, he was originally human, right?”

“At first, yeah. He then became a magician, and then a lich, and god

knows what happened after that. But now he’s one of them, apparently.”

“Is he... He’s strong, isn’t he? How do I put it...? I didn’t sense any

tremendous power or spirit from him, but he did all that so casually...”

Reiji was referring to Lishbaum’s Phase Severance, which had severed

the heads of almost all the soldiers at the encampment and the mountain

behind it. It was a gory, tremendous attack, and the fact that Lishbaum had

done it as easily as breathing left Reiji with some rather outrageous

apprehensions.

“Even in our world, he was completely out of control. It took a team of

the best people I knew to actually, finally bring him down.”

“The Demon Lord, an army of demons, that maneater, and now an

undying magician, huh?”

“Uggghh... When you say it like that, I feel like cutting my losses and

just going home.”

“But...”

Hearing Suimei talk like he was fed up with everything, Reiji suddenly

got worried. And it showed on his face. Seeing his dramatic change of

expression, Suimei slapped his shoulder and laughed it off.

“Don’t look at me like that. I was kidding, kidding! I’ll do my part to

fight too. I can’t expect someone else to go cleaning up my unfinished

business, after all.”

“R-Really? Like, really really?”

“Really really.”

When Suimei gave him a firm nod, Reiji’s expression became noticeably

brighter.

“What?” Suimei asked skeptically.

“Ah, it’s nothing. It’s just that, if you’re going to help out, I feel like we

have the strength of hundreds now.”

“Pfft! What the hell are you saying...? Aren’t you being a little too

optimistic?”

Reiji turned his trademark smile on Suimei. Seeing that far too carefree

and radiant display, Suimei lost his composure for a moment, but quickly

collected himself. The ever-faithful if not somewhat airheaded Reiji,

however, was looking at him curiously.

“You think?”

“Hell yeah, I do. On top of all that, there’s still those Universal Apostle

guys too, remember?”

“The people who came to help us this time, right?”

“Yeah, but... Just what are they thinking?”

Last time they were enemies, this time they were allies. They had no

consistency in their battles. Suimei had defeated a demon general with

Eanru, and Eanru had even been the one to suggest they work together.

Jillbert had shown up to help Reiji and the others who’d fallen victim to the

demons’ surprise attack. Sister Clarissa saved Lefille and brought her back

to the military encampment. And when it was all said and done, they

vanished like smoke in the wind without a word.

“In the end, we missed the chance to ask about Elliot.”

“We’re not necessarily sure that Duke Hadorious is a Universal Apostle

though.”

“You’re right. Well, we’ll end up finding out soon anyways, right?”

From here, they were planning on making their way to Kurant City to

save him. It was a mission they’d deferred in favor of coming to save the

Empire, but with the coast clear now, it was their most imminent priority.

However, when Suimei brought it up, Reiji looked uncertain.

“About that... It doesn’t seem we’ll be able to head there straight away.”

“Huh? Why not?”

“They said we can’t skip out on making a triumphant return to the

imperial capital. His Highness Reanat insisted we go with them... And

considering the situation, I think we should.”

“Of course... In the end, they want to forcibly claim victory, huh? I get

that they don’t want to report back that they lost, but...”

“It’s just as you said before the fighting began. Famous people are

walking propaganda tools.”