swirl around as it slowly started draining away.

“After the water is emptied, all that’s left is to smooth out the ground

and return the materials to where they were before.”

Surprisingly, Felmenia even had the cleanup plan in place. She must

have thought this all out while she was building it.

“Menia, to orchestrate all of this... Didn’t it take quite a bit of effort?”

“Yes, well...”

She flashed a humble smile. With everything she’d done today, it wasn’t

hard to imagine that coordinating it all had taken a considerable amount of

forethought, planning, and work—not to mention mana, considering all the

prototyping, testing, and trial-and-error she must have done in preparation

for it.

“Thanks for all your hard work.”

“O-Of course!”

She seemed quite happy to have her efforts acknowledged, and

brightened up immediately. Her footsteps even grew lighter. She was

practically skipping as she made her way over to the edge of the pool. Her

pool. It had been a smashing success, so she must have felt great about it.

However...

“Hey, it’s still wet around there, so be—”

THUD!

“Uwah!”

Faster than Suimei could warn her, Felmenia slipped and fell face first.

As expected, there was quite a bit of water in the area from all the splashing

around they’d done. She wasn’t seriously hurt, but was rubbing her cheek

with her hand. It seemed she’d scraped her face.

“Owowow...”

“...What are you faceplanting for? Here. I’ll lend you a hand.”

“Hnnngh... Thank you very much.”

After healing her bleeding cheek, the clumsy, teary-eyed magician

grasped Suimei’s extended hand. Compared to when this had happened

back at the royal castle, Felmenia had grown tremendously, but in the end,

this part of her might never change. In a sense, it was kind of relieving. As

Suimei helped Felmenia up, Hatsumi called out to him as she watched.

“So it turns out you’re actually pretty nice when it comes to stuff like

this, huh? If you were always like that, everyone would like you, you

know?”

“Don’t say that like everyone hates me.”

“But you do have a lot of enemies, don’t you? Not being honest is a bad

thing, you know. That’s why the other pupils feel the way they do about

you, too.”

By “the other pupils,” Hatsumi was referring to the students at Kuchiba

dojo. Suimei showed up from time to time, but it wasn’t like he was

earnestly following the path of the sword. The other students could sense

that in him. They thought less of him for it, even if he did have a good

reason.

“There’s no helping me being shunned at the dojo. The instructor told

me from the get-go that I shouldn’t get too absorbed in the sword in the first

place because it would affect magicka.”

“But there are still ways to get along with everyone, aren’t there? I’m

saying it’s not good to act like you don’t care. You don’t get that, do you?

Jeez...”

While playing with her long, golden hair, Hatsumi let out an exasperated

sigh. Suimei replied with a shrug.

“It’s fine. Getting along too well with normal people isn’t something

magicians should be doing anyway.”

“Then what about Shana-san and the others?”

Having that shoved in his face left Suimei at a momentary loss for

words. He managed to eke out a few, but they sounded like they were stuck

in his throat.

“R-Reiji and the others are an exception.”

“Aah, there it is! Your tsundere side is coming out.”

“Shut it! Don’t say tsundere! I’m not one, damn it!”

Suimei vehemently denied Hatsumi’s accusation, but no one was on his

side. It was a word Suimei’s party had heard before, so even Lefille and

Liliana were stifling their laughter. As the pleasant atmosphere turned

somewhat awkward for Suimei, Felmenia threw him a lifeline and timidly

bowed her head.

“Sorry...”

“Well, I don’t mind. Look, you have water on your face.”

“Oh...”

As Suimei began wiping Felmenia’s face with a handkerchief, Lefille

walked over to the two of them.

“Lady Felmenia, leave the remaining cleanup to Suimei-kun. Just grab

on to my arm.”

“No, I can...”

“You’re tired, right? You made the pool and did quite a bit of clamoring

about.”

Lefille too knew what kind of work she must have put into everything,

and showed her consideration with an offer of support for the clumsy

Felmenia.

“Then, if you don’t mind...”

Though reservedly, Felmenia took Lefille’s arm. They looked like a

costumed knight and princess from an all-female acting troupe or

something.

“So the rest of the cleanup falls on me, huh?”

“Duh. You’re the only one who can do it other than Felmenia-san, after

all.”

“Listen, when you put it like that, I’m not so inclined to help

anymore...”

When Suimei took a stance against Hatsumi, three pairs of eyes locked

on to him.

“Mmhmm...”

“...”

“You...”

“...Sorry. I was just kidding. I’d love to help.”

It was Hatsumi, Liliana, and Lefille. Pressured by the three of them,

Suimei immediately buckled and yielded. Feeling them stare holes into his

back as he walked away, Suimei started dispiritedly tending to cleaning up

the pool.

With evening approaching, Suimei squatted down in his trunks in the

waning sunlight. His shoulders were drooped and a gloomy air hung over

him—he wasn’t quite himself. But nevertheless, he began to drain the rest

of the water from the water tank.

“Let’s start with draining the water... This’ll take a while since the hole

is so tiny...”

Mumbling to himself, Suimei widened the hole in the water tank a little

and used magicka to hasten the drainage in order to speed up the process.

The remaining water in the tank began to swirl more noticeably, now

draining several times faster than before. With that, it should be completely

empty soon. The water was being drained nice and evenly, sucked up

through the connection to the storm drain.

Hmm? Sucked up...? Why do I feel like I was thinking about something

similar recently?

Those two words—“sucked up”—seemed to tickle something in the

back of his mind. It reminded him of something. And it was something

recent... But what was it? Was it just déjà vu? No, it was much more than

that, and it suddenly dawned on him, hitting him like a revelation.

“Aha!”

Suimei unwittingly exclaimed at his realization. It was the obligatory

gasp that came with any eureka moment. He finally had the missing piece

of the puzzle.

“That’s it! A whirlpool that can suck things up... In the shape of a

mortar... No, a turning hourglass!”

As Suimei grew louder in talking to himself, Hatsumi turned a

suspicious glance his way.

“Suimei? What’s wrong?”

She seemed concerned, but as though he didn’t have time to stand

around and explain anything, Suimei sprang up from where he’d been

squatting and darted off towards the house.

“Sorry! I’ll clean up the pool tomorrow! Just leave it like that for

today!”

“Huh? Wait, Suimei!”

“Also, I don’t need dinner tonight!”

Not a moment later, Suimei was already inside. He’d left the girls in the

dust, and they stood there in confounded silence. Hatsumi was the first to

break it as she cracked a wistful smile.

“Man... It’s been a while since I heard Suimei say he didn’t need

dinner.”

Hearing the deep emotion in Hatsumi’s voice, Felmenia raised a curious

eyebrow.

“Oh?”

“Yeah. When he says that, it means he’d going to shut himself up in his

room all night. I see... Those are the nights he suddenly had some idea

about magicka, huh?”

For ages, it had been a common occurrence for Suimei to impulsively

sequester himself in his room. Sometimes for long enough that he’d take

time off from school. But whenever Hatsumi had asked what he was so

invested in, he was completely mum. She’d always been curious, but this

finally explained everything. Felmenia, on the other hand, seemed to be

fixating on something else entirely...

“Grrr... Hearing him tell you he doesn’t want dinner like that... It’s...”

“Well, it was always my mother’s cooking, not mine.”

“Regardless, it still means he totally thinks of you as family.”

The one to let out a sympathetic groan was Lefille. It seemed she felt the

same impending sense of crisis Felmenia did. And confronted by both of

them, something stirred in Hatsumi. But since she couldn’t bring herself to

be totally up-front about her feelings, she grew flustered.

“H-Hang on a sec! Please don’t just let your imaginations run wild like

that! I’m not particularly...!”

As Hatsumi continued to protest, Lefille looked at her through narrowed

eyes.

“Then let me put it this way, Lady Hatsumi. You don’t enjoy seeing us

getting along with Suimei-kun, do you?”

“Th-That’s, well... That’s true, but...”

Squirming anxiously, Hatsumi was reduced to a mumble. Seeing her so

indecisive, Liliana let out a grand, near disappointed, sigh.

“Hero Hatsumi, is also... not honest... about her own feelings. It seems...

she’s the same as Suimei.”

“Liliana-chan! Don’t lump me together with him!”

“That argumentative part... is also the same.”

As Hatsumi tried to sweep Liliana’s accusation under the rug, Lefille

and Felmenia nodded in some sort of agreement.

“We must settle this matter.”

“So it seems.”

They continued to nod repeated in perfect sync. They were speaking to

each other in stern voices as though something serious was afoot, but their

expressions brightened up not an instant later.

“In any event, today was fun, wasn’t it?”

“It certainly was. It’s been a while since I’ve had a breather like this.

Thank you, Felmenia-san.”

“Certainly. It seems to have helped Suimei-dono as well. Now all that’s

left is to wait for Her Royal Highness and Reiji-dono.”

That evening, Suimei completed the magicka circle to return to his

world... and proudly came down to the living room to announce it while

still wearing his swim trunks.