She’d made a bold play with an opening attack to try and drive him out

of the shadows, but he’d kept his cool and his cover even then. She still had

no idea where he was hiding, but it wasn’t as if she had no way of dealing

with techniques like this. They were quite something extraordinary in this

world, but in the world she hailed from, there was a certain sword style that

was similarly based on making things seem invisible.

“The Soundless Sword of the Quiet Bower... At least this is better than

having those silent shots coming at me, huh?”

Just like the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani, the Soundless

Sword of the Quiet Bower was one of the sword styles counted among

Japan’s Five Great Hidden Kings of the Sword.

To escape the prohibition imposed on martial arts training in postwar

Japan by the SCAP, the Five Great Hidden Kings were unusual schools of

sword styles that secreted themselves away from the general populace and

had remained that way even to the present day. From what Hatsumi

understood, they were the Severe Acala of the Phantom Sword of the

Kurikara Dharani School; the Soundless Sword of the Quiet Bower School;

the Flying Swallow of the Soaring Ceremonial Law School; the Quick

Flaming Swords of the Illusory Fire Twin-Sword Style; and the Icy Skies of

the Inugami School.

And one of those in particular came to mind now, for the Soundless

Sword of the Quiet Bower involved a family of techniques similar to what

her current opponent was using.

“The Soundless Sword is a completely silent style—in more ways than

one. Its strikes, seemingly without form, shape, sound, or even bloodlust,

come flying out of nowhere as if fired from a deadeye’s bow.”

The Soundless Sword was, in a sense, a sniping sword style. At each and

every turning point of history throughout the ages, it was an assassin’s

sword that consigned the villains of the world to the shadows of oblivion.

That was the power of the Soundless Sword. Hatsumi had been told that, at

its most extreme, it was a sword that truly seemed to fly through the air as it

severed the head or pierced the heart of its target in a single unerring strike.

There was no such flying terror coming at her right now. But with the

boundary between light and shadow wavering with every flicker of the

candles on the walls, sword slashes were coming at her from seemingly

anywhere. The fact that she couldn’t see the sword producing them made it

almost as dangerous as the Soundless Sword.

Whereas the Soundless Sword drives the senses mad by cloaking a user’s

intent, this man has actually hidden himself... As I suspected, he must be

using magic too...

While dodging her opponent’s attacks, Hatsumi tried to unravel his

techniques in her head. Any swordsman worth their salt could conceal their

presence at least to a certain degree. But the way this man made himself

completely invisible was unnatural, even for a master swordsman. It had to

be magical. On top of that, taking into consideration the sharpness of his

strikes and their timing...

My opponent is quite skilled. Does this mean he’s about on par with me

after receiving the divine blessing of the hero summoning? What’s with

that? This is totally unfair. Like, cheatsville unfair.

Hatsumi began griping internally. If anything, however, when looking at

the bigger picture here, she was the one who was “cheating” considering

she had a secondary source of power. That being said, such grumbling

discontent upon clashing with a surprisingly strong opponent was only

normal. What really didn’t sit well with her in this situation was...

Like I thought, he’s holding back. There’s no genuine bloodthirst in these

strikes. This is probably the sensation of a wooden sword...

Even though it was supposed to be a real fight, her opponent was

radiating a fighting spirit that indicated no thirst for blood. On top of that,

the slashes she was blocking didn’t have the heft of a metal blade behind

them. It felt more like she was having a practice fight in the dojo than the

real thing. Everything being thrown at her was nothing but a test.

It was possible this man was simply stalling her, keeping her from

rescuing Elliot. But because he was only confronting her and not the entire

group, she couldn’t be sure.

“If you’re not taking me seriously, I’ll just have to make sure you get

serious.”

“I was hoping you might overlook that. If you and I both got serious,

Hero-dono, this would not end quietly.”

“My, my... Even though your opponent is a hero that the people of this

world seem to be pinning their hopes on?”

“Of course.”

“That just makes me want to make you get serious even more.”

Hatsumi shifted from a defensive stance to an offensive one. Waiting for

the next slash that came at her from the threshold between shadow and

light, she struck out at its origin. The same as her first attack, she couldn’t it

feel it connect with anything, but...

“Wha—?”

She was at least able to surprise her intended target. He was likely

confused that the blade he thought he’d be clashing with was suddenly

somewhere else. There was no mistaking it; the moment his sword should

have struck Hatsumi’s, he saw a hazy illusion of rust as it vanished. That

was the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani’s Visions of Rust—a

technique that used Hatsumi’s fighting spirit to create an illusion of her

blade, causing her opponent to lose sight of the real thing. And the sharper a

user’s senses were, the more eye-catching the illusion.

“That’s... This blade is...”

The swordsman in the shadows was unable to see through the technique

and unwittingly muttered to himself in bewilderment.

Visions of Rust created an illusion similar to the patina of copper—the

jade green tarnish that coats many a ten yen coin and large Buddha statue.

The illusion the technique produced would mimic the glint of steel—or, in

Hatsumi’s case, mithril—to catch an opponent’s eye, then crumble away

like the tarnish of copper or the rust of iron would. That was where it had

gotten its name.

“You’ve got an invisible sword. I’ve got an unseeable strike. Now then, I

wonder which is stronger?”

“Heh...”

Hatsumi heard what sounded like satisfaction and amusement from her

opponent. It seemed her curious technique had further piqued his interest as

a swordsman. The path of those who pursued martial arts naturally led them

to compete with and test one another. “Just how well have I cultivated my

own skills? Will this work against my opponent?” The mind of a

swordsman was always alive with such thoughts.

And Hatsumi’s opponent had just taken a keen interest in her blade. The

moment she realized that...

“My heart is the phantom of my sword’s blade, and becomes the

technique to break the three kleshas that poison the heart of man. Cast my

body aside like a rock, and give my life to the steadfast Kurikara...”

Calming her heart for a moment, she recited the dharani. It was a mantra

originally used to hail Acala, but the words she just chanted had no mystical

powers. Yet because Acala was a wrathful deity, he naturally inhabited

swords. And because he was a Wisdom King, it was said that any blade he

possessed held the mysticism of truth.

Hatsumi’s heart was then perfectly settled. Seeing her silence as an

opportunity, her opponent moved from the flickering shadows.

The moment she sensed him coming, she raised her blade and the sound

of metal crashing against metal assaulted her ears. It took both arms to stop

the invisible weight assaulting her. To keep it from pushing her back, she

made use of the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani’s Dripping Snow.

In the same fashion a tree branch would spring back up when

accumulated snow began to fall off it, Hatsumi momentarily relaxed her

strength and allowed her opponent’s blade to slip down hers. And then,

focusing all her strength into her core, she unleashed a grand roar.

“HAAAAAH!”

As his blade slipped, Hatsumi released all the power she had been

accumulating. Twisting her arm, she magnificently twirled around his

sword and struck where she estimated his right shoulder should be.

However, as expected, without being able to grasp her opponent’s position,

her strike missed its target. She was quite sure she’d hit where a normal

person would have been, but her blade only caught shadow.

Because she’d missed, she left herself open in the follow-through of her

swing, but the candlelight didn’t flicker. Her opponent wasn’t going to

carelessly leap out at her. Because she was starting to catch on to his ways,

he had to be more careful now.

He’d seen her blade coming—it cut a red line through the air as it

reflected the candlelight. But he’d remained cautious and dodged it rather

than blocking it. The way he danced around the dimly lit room was just like

a one-man martial arts demonstration, and Hatsumi had yet to catch him.

All she could do now was continue to swing her sword until she drew

blood. She knew if she put her mind to it, she could slice even a drop of

water or a pebble in two. As for the technique she’d need to do it...

“If I can’t catch you, then I’ll just have to cleave the whole room, huh?”

With a bold voice, Hatsumi channeled a bit of Acala herself.

“HAAAAAAAAH!”

The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani’s Summit of Zen, the Long

Sword of Enlightenment. A slash that could reach even eternity cut through

the room until it was no longer recognizable.

★

While Suimei’s team was searching the mansion, Hatsumi had parted

ways with them seemingly in pursuit of her own mission. She’d entered a

particular room, but when Suimei and the others tried to follow her, she was

nowhere to be seen. Perhaps she’d found her way deeper into the mansion,

but it was like she’d vanished into thin air. With their resources, it likely

wouldn’t take too much work to find her, but...

“Well, that would be a little boorish, huh?”

Hatsumi had intentionally left on her own. That could only be because

she believed that she alone would be sufficient to handle whatever it was

that she was getting into. If Suimei came after her anyway, that would be

like saying he didn’t believe in her. But he had faith in his childhood friend,

and so quickly relinquished the idea. Titania, however, had a pronounced

wrinkle in her brow.

“What do you think, Suimei?”

“Not a whole lot. Let’s go.”

“Go, as in... leave her?”

“We came here for a reason, right? To rescue Elliot.”

“But if we leave, then Hatsumi-sama will...”

Titania was forcing the issue out of concern for Hatsumi, but Suimei

replied as if that was wholly unnecessary.

“Hatsumi will be just fine. She bisected a demon general in the Alliance

—good luck to anyone trying to take her out. Besides, she ran off on her

own.”

It was true that Hatsumi had rushed headlong into whatever fight lay

ahead of her of her own free will. Titania was surprised to learn she had an

aggressive side. She always seemed to be so calm and docile, but hot blood

ran in her family. The moment she set her sights on a strong opponent, she

wanted to fight them. She was just like her father, Kiyoshiro, in that regard;

they both believed that the only way to attain strength was to actively

pursue it. But none of this would bring Titania any comfort.

“Even so, wouldn’t it be better for us to find Hatsumi-sama first?”

“If her opponent was really that dangerous, she would end up cutting the

whole mansion down. Besides, it would probably be a giant waste of time.

She may come running back before we ever find her, you know?”

“The whole mansion, you say...?”

“I totally believe that she would and could... Though, yeah, the thought

is terrifying.”

Suimei stuck out his tongue, grabbed his shoulders, and trembled in an

exaggerated fashion. He looked like he was joking, but what he said was the

truth.

With a single swing of her katana, Hatsumi could cleave the entire three-

story mansion. Anybody in their right mind would likely say such a feat

was impossible, but that was simply the unreasonable level of power that

true sword masters held. Hatsumi was the heir of a man who could split a

skyscraper vertically with but a single blow. A mere mansion would be

child’s play for her.

And that being the case, it would be better for everyone else to prioritize

looking for Elliot. If they spent their time looking for Hatsumi instead,

they’d never accomplish what they’d come here to do. Moreover...

“If Hatsumi finishes what she’s doing and we still haven’t found blondie

by the time she gets back, who knows what she’d do to us...”

“Well, if you insist, then I shall object no further...”