Shutting down the prospect of any further frivolous conversation,

Hadorious broke into a sprint and drew the sword he had thrust into the

ground. Sensing impending danger, Suimei jumped to the side and felt a

shockwave fly past him.

He could hear the shockwave keep going accompanied by an odd tearing

and crackling noise, and when he glanced over his shoulder, he saw that the

stone tiles on the ground were smashed to pieces in a straight line behind

him. Of course, it wasn’t Hadorious’s sword that had done it. Not directly,

anyway.

“Hey, whoa... A sword wave? And one that destructive?”

A sword wave was a technique different from the Long Sword of the

Absolute Edge that Hatsumi used to attack outside of her physical range. It

generated a whirlwind that flew out with a quick slash. Throughout history,

it had been heralded as a technique capable of piercing even the clouds in

the heavens above.

“Careful, Suimei! That’s not all there is to the duke’s sword!”

“Hmm?”

Hearing that the duke knew more than once dance, the corners of

Suimei’s mouth suddenly curled upward into a fearless smile. He then

pulled out a vial from he pocket as if drawing a sword.

“Permutato, coagulato, vis existito.”

[Transform, coagulate, become power.]

Seing this unfold, Reiji called out to his friend in an anxious voice.

“W-Wait, Suimei! Isn’t that mercury?!”

“Yeah, and? What about it?”

“‘What about it’?! Isn’t that dangerous to touch?!”

“Ah, yeah...”

Reiji was appropriately worried. Mercury was toxic, and would even

emit a dangerous vapor at room temperature. It was something they’d

always been warned about when using mercury thermometers in science

labs at school. But unlike Reiji, Suimei didn’t seem at all concerned.

“Aww, don’t worry little Reiji. Daddy’s keeping himself safe with

magicka, okay?”

“A-Anything goes with magicka, huh...?”

“This is nothing, honestly.”

Reiji looked dumbfounded for a moment, and then immediately

concerned again.

“Moreover, Suimei, be careful! The duke can use magic on his—”

Before Reiji could even finish his warning, Hadorious rushed forward

with a demonstration. He muttered a few words and his sword became clad

in green lightning that sparked and crackled. Suimei flicked his extended

mercury sword as if shaking off blood from it and held it out in front of

him, awaiting Hadorious’s arrival.

“Hmph. So you’ve got more than sword techniques up your sleeve,

huh?”

“Of course. You aren’t the only one here who can use magic.”

Hadorious swung his sword, and Suimei deftly prepared to counter it.

He thrust his katana through a tiny magicka circle that appeared in the air,

and it lingered on the blade as he waited to intercept Hadorious’s attack.

But when the two swords collided, in an unexpected turn, it was the

mercurial blade that was pushed back by the lightning-clad long sword.

“Wha—?!”

“Hmph!”

This time, it was Hadorious that had caught Suimei by surprise. But

Suimei wouldn’t be defeated so easily. He kept his guard up and skillfully

evaded the next few slashes the duke threw at him. Hadorious was grinning

ever so slightly, and Suimei furrowed his brow.

“It’s not an enchantment...?” he muttered to himself in bewilderment.

It certainly looked like Hadorious had clad his blade in magical

lightning—Reiji had even tried to warn him about it. So why did a

counterspell that nullified enchantments not work on it? Just what had

Hadorious done to it?

Whatever it was, he didn’t give Suimei much time to think about it.

Hadorious quickly began swinging his sword rhythmically again, but this

time Suimei raised his golden shield instead of his sword.

“Primum et secundum moenia, expansio localis!”

[First and second rampart, local expansion!]

“Hmph! A magic defense? Too bad!”

“Wuh?! H-H-Hey!”

When sword and shield clashed, Suimei couldn’t suppress the shock

over what he was seeing. The tip of Hadorious’s lightning-clad blade was

sinking through his magicka circle. It was like the light given off by the

golden ramparts was slowly being penetrated.

“Tch, it’s even shaving away at the fortress’s defenses...?!”

It seemed that Hadarious’s magic power and fighting spirit were

coalescing in his attacks to overcome Suimei. His safest option for now was

to get some distance. And to that end, he muttered a spell. The golden

magicka circle began to rotate and blew Hadorious back, but he gracefully

landed on both feet without so much as breaking his posture. The still intact

ramparts protected Suimei against the sword waves Hadorious unleashed

next. But they weren’t what Suimei was focused on...

“What’s going on? That just now really wasn’t an enchantment...?”

Of the techniques that applied mystical powers to mundane objects, the

most common was enchantment. Enchantment could be used to enhance or

augment any number of things, including swords. But Suimei had watched

as Hadorious’s blade began boring through the second rampart, which

defended against magicka. That shouldn’t have been possible. Just what did

it all mean?

While keeping his guard up against the dangerous opponent in front of

him, Suimei’s thoughts ran wild. Acting on imprudent conjecture would be

an extremely poor move, however. And since he didn’t have much to work

with right now, any conclusions he came to would merely be conjecture.

While Suimei was pondering this crossroads, someone—someone rather

unexpected—threw him a bone.

“You’re wrong, Yakagi Suimei. That man has not bestowed his sword

with magic,” said Io Kuzami.

“Wuh?”

“You heard me.”

Suimei corrected his posture and held his mercury katana up as he

looked from her to Hadorious. His sword had just been clad in green

lightning... but now it was gone.

“Huh? It vanished?”

If it was an enchantment, it should have been continuous as long as there

was sufficient mana to keep it going. But it seemed what Hadorious had

done was only a temporary effect. And it seemed Io Kuzami knew what it

was.

“The people of your world would say it’s something like possession,

no?”

“Possession...? Oh, duh, that’s what it is!”

It finally dawned on him. Possession was an art of spiritualism, which

wasn’t totally unfamiliar to Suimei. And the moment he thought he knew

what he was up against, he decided to put his theory to the test and

dismissed his ramparts. Seeing the ramparts vanish, Hadorious arched an

eyebrow, but seemed to accept the invitation and quickly closed in.

Now it was only a matter of timing. Since his opponent was a trained

swordsman, Suimei had to take into account how quickly Hadorious could

reach his max speed from a standing position or else he’d be cut down

before he could lift a single finger in his own defense, much less try to

dispel the mystery before him. Knowing he had to get this just right, Suimei

tightly gripped his mercury katana. Hadorious once more clad his sword in

lightning. Suimei leaned in, focusing his magician’s eyes. Seeing through

the rising slash that could compare to even Reiji’s, Suimei struck out with

his own sword.

And just as the high-pitched clang of metal hitting metal rang out in the

courtyard, he muttered...

“Return, woman, back from whence you came.”

“Urgh!”

Hadorious was quite surprised to see what looked like a female spirit

leave his sword and the green lightning fade in response to Suimei’s chant.

But he didn’t let it slow him down. Without faltering, he immediately

repelled Suimei’s mercury katana with sheer strength. But Suimei was a

magician—his sword was only of secondary consequence to him. While

Hadorious was dealing with Suimei’s blade, Suimei thrust out his other

hand and unleashed a splendid, satisfying snap.

“Gah...!”

There was a sudden burst between the two of them as mana pushed

outward in all directions, but Suimei stood there unfazed—fingers still

extended—in the aftermath of the explosion. Hadorious, meanwhile, had

taken the brunt of the attack at point blank and was thrown all the way to

the hedges. Nevertheless, however, he immediately shook his head and

corrected his posture. Perhaps the hedges had broken his horizontal fall,

though he seemed quite sturdy to begin with.

“Yeah, okay, I get it. You didn’t magically enchant your sword at all;

you conjured a phantom of the Elements and channeled that into your

sword to make use of its power, right? Hahh... So you’re a skilled

swordsman and a spiritualist, huh? That’s quite a range, buddy.”

As Suimei praised Hadorious in a slightly provocative tone, Hadorious’s

expression turned grim. Naturally, it wasn’t because of Suimei’s tone, but

because he’d hit the nail on the head.

“To think you would see through my secret art so easily... But don’t

think you have me bested just yet.”

“Of course not. However...”

Suimei launched a flash of light at Hadorious. Rather than harm him, it

was to force him to evade.

“That’s enough with swords. I’m a magician, after all. I don’t really feel

like fighting in your own arena, see? As for you, Reiji, what are you doing?

Why don’t we tag-team this?”

“Y-Yeah, you’re right!”

When it finally dawned on Reiji that there was nothing preventing them

from fighting Hadorious two-on-one, Reiji promptly hustled over to

Suimei’s side. Suimei couldn’t tell whether he was just that absentminded,

fascinated, or exhausted—or maybe all three. To be on the safe side, Suimei

muttered a healing spell.

“Wh-Whoa...”

As a green magicka circle rose up at Reiji’s feet, the breath of the land

washed over him. His body was wrapped in a gentle breeze, and the green

magicka circle became threads of light that vanished on the wind. When it

all faded, Reiji was back to feeling how he was before his throwdown with

Hadorious.

“Is this restoration magic?! It’s amazing! My wounds are all healed!”

“It’s healing magicka, but yeah. And you weren’t hurt that badly, so it

really ain’t that amazing. It’s certainly not my specialty, that’s for sure.”

Suimei cracked a small smile, but with this, the two of them were in

prime fighting condition.

“You may have me outnumbered now, but...”

Even before two opponents, Hadorious didn’t seem to have any

intention of backing down. He once more took a fighting stance and held

his sword at the ready, but he was gushing even more fighting spirit than

before. This was the mettle of a swordsman faced with a challenge. The

aura he was exuding made him look two—no, three times bigger than

normal.

“Looks like he’s finally motivated huh?”

“Seems so. So this is what he’s like when he’s serious...”

This blatant display of power told them he’d been holding back while

fighting them individually. His immense fighting spirit was so intense that it

rattled even their surroundings. The hedges began snapping one after the

other and the broken fragments of stone tiles on the ground began dancing

around in a clatter.

“Now, now... I can’t have you forgetting about me.”

Proclaiming her presence in a haughty tone, Io Kuzami approached.

“Oh, yeah, you’re here.”

“Bastard, despite the aid I lent you in that heated battle, you dare speak

to me so? Remember this and remember it well... I certainly will.”

“Er... I’m actually pretty maxed out right now, so could you cut me some

slack?”

With a dark gaze and even darker voice, Io Kuzami threatened Suimei,

who shrunk back a little. He genuinely didn’t want any more trouble at the

moment.

“Suimei.”

“Yeah.”