Swords vs. the Modern Magician

Not long before Suimei’s group found Elliot, in the courtyard of

Hadorious’s estate...

“As I suspected, Hero-dono... Your sword is still immature, it seems.”

“Ugh...!”

Hearing the disappointment in Hadorious’s voice in the middle of their

fight left a bad taste in Reiji’s mouth. It was the taste of humiliation. It was

as if Hadorious meant to say this was all just to test Reiji, who was

currently down on one knee.

And it wasn’t because Reiji had underestimated his opponent. No, he

was taking his bout with the duke quite seriously. Yet in spite of that, in

spite of being a proud hero divinely blessed by the Goddess herself,

Hadorious stood towering over him unfazed like this was all a game to him.

But, though it pained Reiji to admit it, Hadorious had every reason to be

so full of himself right now. When Reiji attacked, he would evade his

strikes without even bothering to lift his blade. Conversely, when he had

Reiji on the defensive, Reiji didn’t have a prayer of dodging his attacks. It

took everything he had just to block them. Despite the fact that he hadn’t

been struck once, his legs were already giving out under him.

That was thanks to Hadorious’s fluid and varied techniques with a blade

—what Felmenia had called his sword dancing—combined with his

herculean strength, refined form, and magic spells. The duke seemed to

have an overwhelming advantage, and that was painfully clear now. Reiji

cringed at the terrible taste it left lingering in his mouth.

Hadorious dismissed the lightning that clad his sword and examined it in

the light of the mana lamps like a work of art. Was there a chip in the blade?

Or was he scrutinizing the murkiness of his own heart reflected in his

weapon? Whichever it was, he quickly lowered it and turned his attention

back to Reiji.

“All of your victories up until now have likely only been attained by

relying on your gift. That’s why, when you’re put before someone with

actual experience and skill, your plating cracks as easily as hardened

lacquer and crumbles. Behold your current condition.”

Hadorious spoke of the Goddess’s protection as plating, and the analogy

was rather apt. The power that protected Reiji was not his; it was like a

borrowed set of armor. However, precisely because of that...

“Is that anything someone from the country that summoned me should

be saying?”

“Is that not obvious? If you mistake the Goddess’s power for your own,

it is our duty to enlighten and correct you. To be complacent because you’re

worshiped is its own form of idolatry... Not that I’m worried about you

becoming too prideful.”

That seemed to be Hadorious’s conclusion after trading blows with

Reiji. But then...

“So, Hero-dono, how is it? The Goddess’s power, I mean. Have you

gotten used to it?”

“What difference does that make right now?”

“It makes all the difference. If you’ve gotten used to it already, that’s

just a sign of how quickly you’ve degraded into the Goddess’s pawn.”

“Pawn...?”

“That’s right. I told you this once before, but the very existence of the

demons serves a higher existence, and their sole purpose is bringing about

the ruin of all other races—including humans. Do you recall, I wonder? The

answer you received from the demon general called Rajas after you asked

him what meaning there was in humans and demons slaughtering each

other?”

“That’s...”

Reiji had indeed once asked Rajas why the demons attacked humans—

why two sentient races had to be so violently at odds. When he’d spoken of

the matter with Hadorious, he’d said that Reiji’s question had no meaning.

Reiji hadn’t understood what he meant at the time, but it seemed to behoove

Hadorious to explain now.

“That’s right. That’s why your question was a hollow and empty one. If

the demons were created by the Evil God only to kill, then there is no way

that we can coexist, is there? Our quarrel with them is nothing more than a

struggle for exclusive possession of the world. But not for us—for the

higher powers that control us. We are simply pawns on the grand game

board that is the struggle between the Goddess and Evil God, which pits

humanity and heroes against demons and demon generals.”

“Pawns... on a game board...”

Hearing those words, Reiji suddenly recalled the conversation between

Suimei and Lishbaum after the clash with the demons in the northern

Empire. Lishbaum had said that the demons were pawns of the Evil God,

and in order to make room for stronger pawns in their army, they had to

clear out the weaker ones. It was just like a strategy game...

“...”

Reiji was somewhat dumbstruck at the uncanny similarity, but

Hadorious appeared to see right through him.

“By the look of it, it seems that—even if only a little—you are now

beginning to comprehend my meaning.”

“That’s...”

“That’s enough of your gum-flapping prattle, human.”

“Io Kuzami-san!”

Slipping through Hadorious’s private soldiers, Io Kuzami approached

and inserted herself between Reiji and Hadorious. Reiji didn’t know why

she suddenly sounded so indignant, especially considering the gravity of the

conversation.

“Hero-dono’s friend... No, I see. You’re—”

“Take this!”

“I won’t abide such interference!”

As Io Kuzami closed in on Hadorious with mana accumulating in her

right hand, he expeditiously retrieved a gem of some kind from his pocket

and threw it at her.

“Ugh, this is...”

Io Kuzami attempted to twist her body to evade it, but the gem grazed

her shoulder as it flew past her. It shouldn’t have been much of an attack

considering the small size of the gem, but she immediately dropped to her

knees. And with Io Kuzami taken care of, Hadorious turned back to Reiji.

“So, Hero-dono, how does it feel to learn what you truly are?”

“Y-You’re saying that I’m just a pawn too?!”

“Precisely.”

“But—”

“If you’re not, then explain to me how it is that you just suddenly felt so

compelled to help the people of this world. Where exactly did those feelings

come from, hmm?”

“That... That’s...

Reiji had agreed to save the people of this world because they’d asked

him to. After summoning him to Royal Castle Camellia, they begged him to

subjugate the demons. With the power he’d acquired, he felt like he had to

do something. Even if his ego were somewhat inflated over being hailed as

a hero, he had chosen to help them. It was something he’d decided for

himself. It was his own free will.

“I’m helping the people of this world because I want to! It was my

decision!”

“Is that not just what you keep telling yourself?”

“You’re wrong! I took up a sword to fight of my own volition! I’m not

being manipulated!”

Reiji was roaring at this point, but Hadorious simply shook his head in

exasperation.

“I see El Meide’s hero has a much better grasp on reality...”

“What does that mean?”

“The time for questions is over, Hero-dono. It’s now time we finish our

dance.”

There, Hadorious took up a fighting stance. However, unlike before, he

didn’t conjure lightning around his blade. Did he mean to hold back? The

unfettered fighting spirit he was radiating didn’t indicate so, and he

certainly wasn’t showing any openings. Then, once more, he thrust his

sword into the ground.

“Now, let us begin.”

Reiji thought for a moment that Hadorious was falling forward, but he

simply leaned over and smoothly pulled his sword from the ground. With it

came a rising slash. Reiji saw it coming and knew he stood a good chance

of dodging it, but if things went awry, he also knew that slash had the power

to cut him to pieces. His hesitation got the better of him and he dashed in a

poor attempt to evade. The price was a fine, red streak of blood across his

cheek.

“Urgh...!”

Hadorious spun around like he was dancing, and the moment he finished

swinging his sword, he thrust it back into the ground. He then fluidly

retrieved it again to attack once more. The speed of his slash was terrifying,

and it was all Reiji could do just to catch it with his own sword.

How... How is he able to do this so quickly despite stabbing the ground?

Hadorious clearly left himself open every time he stopped to thrust his

sword into the ground. But that didn’t make any difference to Reiji when he

was kept so decisively on the defensive. He couldn’t attack even if he

wanted to, and even if he tried, he could already picture Hadorious

gracefully turning to the side like he knew exactly what was coming. He’d

then take the opportunity to counterattack, putting Reiji in more danger than

if he’d done nothing at all.

And it seemed there was nothing for Reiji to gain by staying on the

defensive and waiting for his chance, either. Hadorious’s blade left no room

for counterattacks. He would step forward with confidence as if stepping

into a ballroom, and thrust his sword in front of him in furious, fluid

attacks.

But he was a perfect gentleman in combat. He danced beautifully on his

own, but if Reiji extended his sword as if asking for a dance, the duke

would happily comply. Their blades would tango, but Hadorious would

always come out on top as the better dancer.

“How...?”

Reiji unwittingly let is doubt escape his lips, and Hadorious replied with

a smile.

“It’s nothing mysterious, really. Those lacking in elegance are simply

doomed to be immature swordsmen. And since you know nothing of the

elegant way of the sword, you can only flail about in confusion. That’s all it

is.

“Elegance...?”

Reiji didn’t understand the connection. Elegance was merely a matter of

aesthetics. What bearing did it have on their fight? How would it better

prepare him to deal with Hadorious?

Hadorious focused his stance and unleashed a wave of attacks on Reiji.

Reiji blocked with his sword and endured as best he could, but the pommel

of Hadorious’s sword caught him from below.

“Cra—!”

That single strike made Reiji’s grip lapse, and he involuntarily let go of

his orichalcum sword. Hadorious immediately zeroed in on the opportunity.

“Take this as a warning about your own immaturity!”

Hadorious lifted his sword to strike, and the unarmed Reiji now had

nothing to defend himself with. The speed and sharpness of Hadorious’s

blow wouldn’t allow him time to try and dodge, either. Reckoning with that,

Reiji prepared himself for the worst.

“Reiji-dono!”

“Reiji-kun!”

“Tch! Reiji!”

Felmenia and Lefille yelled out, and Io Kuzami raced to cut in between

them, but...

“Elegance, huh? I guess that’s not too dissimilar from what my father

would call romance... Whatever. The reason Reiji’s sword can’t touch you is

because ‘he doesn’t have the skill to keep up with the dance,’ right?”

An unexpected voice suddenly came from behind Hadorious—one that

seemed to immediately comprehend what had eluded Reiji—along with a

sharp stone.

“Urgh, who’s there?!”

Hadorious turned around with a furious challenge to see...

“Just little old me, friend numero uno of the hero over there. You do

remember my face, don’t you?”

It was Suimei, clad in the green vest he usually wore in this world. But

just where had he come from? None of the doors or windows to the

mansion were opened, and no one had heard a sound. He’d seemingly

appeared out of nowhere in absolute silence. Even the stone he’d thrown

seemed to have come out of nowhere. But despite the mystery, Suimei acted