Rescue

Several days had passed since the pool escapade at the Yakagi residence

and Suimei’s completion of the magicka circle of returning. He was now en

route to Kurant City—home of Duke Hadorious—ahead of Reiji, who was

drafted into a triumphant return celebration with Prince Reanat in the

imperial capital.

Originally, Suimei and Reiji’s teams were planning on making the trip

together, but since Reiji had been detained, Suimei was going ahead as a

vanguard of sorts. The mastermind of this plan was none other than Astel’s

princess, Titania Root Astel. As Hadorious was a noble of Astel himself,

Titania wanted to proceed as carefully as possible. They were potentially

dealing with something very sinister. As such, she’d devised a diversionary

tactic. She and her allies would split into two teams, one led by Suimei and

one by Reiji, but not in the usual formation.

Titania was the hero of Astel’s escort, meaning that wherever Reiji went,

she was sure to follow. At least ordinarily. She was currently taking

advantage of the fact that people would expect that, and had snuck away

with Suimei’s vanguard team. Felmenia had been left behind to take part in

the celebratory parade in her stead as a body double to throw off any

suspicions about the princess’s movements.

As such, Felmenia, Lefille, Liliana, and Io Kuzami were currently with

Reiji, while Titania and Hatsumi—who had also agreed to participate in

Elliot’s rescue—were with Suimei. Graziella had stayed behind in the

capital to take care of the aftermath of the battle. And in order to avoid

drawing attention by moving in too large of a group, Elliot’s attendant

Christa and Hatsumi’s aid Selphy stayed behind to mind the Yakagi

residence.

As for the first meeting between Hatsumi and Titania...

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Royal Highness Titania. Though a

humble swordswoman like me deserves no such title, I am the hero of the

Alliance, Kuchiba Hatsumi.”

“Please, Hatsumi-sama, there is no need for you to bow your head to

me. Please be at ease.”

“But...”

“It’s fine. A mere princess like me deserves no such formality from a

hero of salvation. Besides, I have asked Reiji-sama and Mizuki to be casual

with me as well, so I would love for you to do the same.”

“Then... Forgive me if I have trouble adjusting, but it really is nice to

meet you.”

Once the introductions were over, their conversation took a turn from

pleasantries to something more violent.

“I’ve heard that you’re quite skilled with a blade, Hatsumi-sama.”

“Whoever told you that is very kind.”

“You’re too modest. Along the way, if time permits, I would love to spar

with you. Would that be alright?”

“It would be my pleasure. I’d love to see the skills of the fourth of the

Seven Swords.”

They each had a great interest in the other as fellow swordswomen, and

immediately hit it off. All was well between them, but...

Should cute girls really be getting excited about talking about such

violent stuff with smiles on their faces?

The visual was wonderful, but the audio was questionable. Nevertheless,

they all got along well on their trip. Now, fast forward a few days...

“Well, it’s about time we get to it, huh?”

It was currently late in the evening, and Suimei and Hatsumi were

camped out in the forest that surrounded Kurant City. They were peeking

out from the underbrush and observing the soldiers stationed along the city

wall. Titania, meanwhile, made a dissatisfied expression as her face

twitched.

“Why must I do something so dastardly like a petty thief?”

“About that... Wasn’t this your plan? Before we left, you said, ‘We shall

have Reiji-sama act as a distraction and secretly infiltrate that man’s

mansion. There, we will uncover proof of his nefarious deeds and bring him

to justice! Just watch and see!’ You sounded like you were totally on board

then.”

“But to infiltrate in such a sneaky way...”

“Isn’t that the whole point of infiltrating? What did you have in mind?

Surely you didn’t want us to write a letter and let them know we were

coming ahead of time, did you?”

“Certainly not! If we did that, the entire plan would be for naught! I was

just expecting something more... tasteful.”

As Titania yelled back at Suimei, he replied with an exasperated

expression.

“You’re surprisingly stubborn. Is that what it is? You put on that demure

mask of yours just in front of Reiji?”

“Of course not... Before Reiji-sama, I am none other than myself.”

Looking down and pulling up the oversized collar on her mantle, Titania

half hid her face. This matter seemed far more upsetting to her than what

she’d just been complaining about. Had she just gotten shy, or had Suimei

hit the nail on the head? Considering she was born and raised as royalty,

chances of the latter seemed much higher—or so Suimei thought.

“It’s not really my business, but I gotta say... I don’t believe you for a

second.”

“That’s enough of your impudence. I’ll execute you myself.”

“Yeesh, women sure are scary.”

Titania glared daggers at him as the moonlight reflected off of her drawn

sword. Suimei grabbed his shoulders and shivered as he rolled his eyes.

And while the two of them were having their little exchange, Hatsumi

spoke up.

“So, what will we do? We can’t just stay here forever, right?”

“I agree. Suimei, you have some sort of plan, do you not? You must take

charge from here and lead the way.”

“Yeah, I have something in mind. We’re going to sneak in from here.”

“From here?” Hatsumi muttered in disbelief as she looked up at the wall

surrounding Kurant City.

They were currently positioned in the woods just north of the city. But

between them and the wall, there was only an open field with no cover. Not

a small one, either. There would be no way for them to make it across

stealthily, even in the dead of night. The terrain was almost identical to the

south as well, so switching positions wouldn’t even help them any.

Moreover, there were guards stationed along the top of the wall. Security

was pretty tight. Even if they tried to make a mad dash for it, there was no

doubt they’d be spotted. That meant...

“Are you going to camouflage us with your magicka?”

“I could, but then there’d still be the issue of what we did once we got to

the wall. Instead, let’s kill two birds with one stone.”

“And how would you suggest we do that?”

“Somehow, I have a really bad feeling about this...”

As a grim expression rose up on Titania’s face, Suimei began chanting.

“Leave this to me. You guys ready? Gravitas residito, massa reducito.

Via gravitas, fingito.”

[Abate gravity, reduce mass. Gravity road, take form.]

“Huh—?”

“Wha—?”

As soon as the last word of the incantation left Suimei’s lips, the three of

them began expeditiously rising into the air. Almost like they’d gone

through a warp, they were up in the clouds in nearly the blink of an eye.

“Wah, wawawah!”

“Wh-What— What is this?!”

Suimei was the only one who’d known what was going to happen, and

Hatsumi and Titania’s minds could hardly keep up. They’d never expected

to suddenly be flying through the night sky, and fell this way and that,

flipping over repeatedly after their equilibriums had been thrown

completely out of whack.

“S-S-S-S-Suimei! Why?! And so suddenly?!”

“Don’t flail around so much. I’m in control, and I’m not going to let you

fall.”

“It’s not about that! It’s just... It’s too high!”

Titania’s arms and legs were going everywhere as she screamed and

wailed. Seeing her panic so, Suimei felt like teasing her at least a little, but

held back.

“Just hang in there.”

“Please don’t ask the impossible of me! Aaaugh... The ground is steadily

getting further away...”

“It’s nothing to cry over, right? Like I said, I’m not going to let us fall.”

“I’m not crying! And that’s not the problem!”

“She’s right! That’s enough! Just get us back down! And fast! You jerk!

Meanie! Numbskull!”

“You too, Hatsumi...? Don’t make a fuss. Here, I’ll lend you my hand...”

“Huh? B-But...”

As Hatsumi started to tear into him, Suimei drew nearer to comfort her.

When he took her hand, she immediately calmed down. It was something

he used to do frequently for her when they were children. He hadn’t

expected it to work as well now, but Hatsumi went completely silent.

Granted, Suimei was oblivious as to the actual reason for that.

“E-Even if you managed to skillfully coax Hatsumi-sama into this, don’t

think that you can do same to me! Now take us down at once! Right this

instant! I’m begging you! Please take us down!”

Scared out of her wits, Titania’s tone was all over the place. She went

from giving orders to begging and back again. Complying with her

requests/demands, Suimei activated the keyword to initiate their descent.

With his spell, Suimei could stealthily take them all the way to their

destination if he wanted. But if Titania had already reached her limits, he

had no choice but to cut their flight short. With a sigh, Suimei cast another

spell to make sure no one heard Titania’s incessant squawking as they

landed atop the city wall.

“Aaand... touchdown.”

“The ground... At long last, the precious ground...”

Mumbling in a trembling voice, the princess weakly sank to the stone

floor. Had she really been that scared? As for Hatsumi, when Suimei let go

of her hand...

“Ah...”

“Hmm? What’s wrong?”

“I-It’s nothing!”

There was a brief look of disappointment on her face that gave way to

anger. And then, as if agreeing with her, Titania suddenly became enraged.

“Suimei! How dare you do something so stupid?! If you’re going to use

such tactics, then at least inform us in advance!”

“But if I’d done that, you would have refused, right?”

“Of course I would have! Had I known of this scheme beforehand, I

would’ve had absolutely no part of it!”

Titania’s wide eyes gleamed with fury, and she even went as far as

putting her hands on the hilts of the two swords at her waist. Seeing her so

worked up, Suimei’s impishness got the better of him.

“No, don’t tell me, princess... Did you pee yourself a little?”

“Line yourself up right here, right now, Suimei. I shall rid your body of

your head forthwith.”

Titania was already sizing him up and taking aim when Hatsumi jumped

in.

“W-Wait! Now’s not the time for that, right?! We landed somewhere

we’ll be easy to spot, and if we make a fuss, they’ll find us right away!”

“Meh. Yeah, I guess so.”

Suimei sounded completely indifferent, but even now, patrolling guards

with lanterns were approaching. Hatsumi and Titania went stiff from the

tension, but Suimei immediately took action.

The guards who’d come to investigate the shadows they’d spotted up on

the wall didn’t even have time to call out to them. Suimei sprang forward

like he was floating in the air and landed right in front of the guards. Their

shoulders slumped lackadaisically, and they then turned around and went

right back to their patrol without a word.

“See?”

As if saying it was nothing special, Suimei shrugged his shoulders and

returned to the girls without further ado.

“What was that? Magicka again?”

“Yup. That’s all I’m good for.”

“Manipulating people is really kinda... villain-esque.”

“Says you.”

Hatsumi eyed Suimei dubiously, but he brushed her off with a wave of

his hand. Meanwhile, Titania kept her eyes locked on him like a predator

and held her swords at the ready.