cheek split his face diagonally. He was nearly two meters tall, and despite

his relaxed posture, he had a daunting air about him.

Hadorious first addressed Felmenia in a somewhat critical and

disappointed tone.

“To call for me at this hour without any notice. How inconsiderate of

you, White Flame-dono.”

“My apologies, Your Grace. I humbly beg that you forgive us for the

intrusion.”

Felmenia put her hand to her chest and bowed deeply, but Hadorious

scoffed as if to say that didn’t make him feel any better.

“Oh? That’s hardly what it sounded like when you arrived on my porch

demanding to see me. Is that really the way a young lady of House Stingray

should be behaving?”

“But surely you must understand that the matter is urgent, Your Grace.

That is why you accepted and came to speak with us despite the rudeness of

our visit, is it not?”

“Hmph... Now, that is Hero Reiji with you, is it not?”

Changing subjects, the dissatisfaction that Hadorious had been exuding

vanished and the daunting air about him lightened up. He and Felmenia had

exchanged greetings in an awfully roundabout manner, but as if to say it

was all standard and expected, he acted like it was nothing. It seemed that

was simply the way nobles communicated. But after their test of formalities

was over, Reiji stepped out in front of Hadorious.

“It has been a long time since we last spoke, Duke Hadorious.”

“Hero-dono. I am not unhappy to receive you, but just as I said before,

an unexpected visit at this hour is most unorthodox.”

Hadorious couldn’t openly complain about the hero visiting him, but

both his words and tone of voice were pointed. Naturally, since Reiji was

quite irritated himself, he was secretly pleased to be an inconvenience to the

duke.

“Your Grace, there was something I must speak with you about no

matter what. That is why we’ve come under such circumstances.”

“You wish to speak with me? My apologies, but despite all appearances,

I’m a busy man. I’ll have to ask that you keep it short. If it will take much

longer than that, you’ll have to come back another day.”

“No, by all means, I’d like to talk right here, right now.”

“Incidentally... where is Princess Titania?”

“Her Royal Highness is currently busy with another matter,” answered

Felmenia. “But she is being escorted by a most trustworthy entourage, so

you have no need to be concerned for her safety.”

“I see.”

Hadorious continued to eye Felmenia like he was watching for some

kind of hint. The Felmenia he knew would let her secrets show on her face,

but Felmenia as she was now was easily strong enough to maintain her

composure even under such pressure.

“Your Grace, may I ask you something?” Reiji then asked.

“What is it, I wonder?”

“Elliot Austin. Do you know anything about his whereabouts, Your

Grace?”

Hadorious’s darkened for a moment before snapping back to normal.

“The hero of El Meide is having a sojourn in my mansion. We’re doing

everything we can to show him Astel’s hospitality.”

He readily admitted that much, but that was no surprise. It didn’t give

away anything more than what Christa had been able to tell them.

“The magic priest that served as his attendant came to me looking for

help. She believes that you have him confined. I’m sure it’s some kind of

misunderstanding, but if you don’t mind, I’d like to see him.”

Reiji drew getting to the point out as long as possible. Primarily, this

was all a ruse. They were trying to distract Hadorious while the infiltration

team did the real work.

“I’m afraid I must decline.”

“Why is that? If he’s simply here on a sojourn, I do not believe he’ll

mind the visit. And if he’s already retired for the night, then we can come

back tomorrow, or even the day after—”

“My answer will not change, and I have no need to explain myself to

you.”

As the duke became obstinate, Felmenia raised the stakes.

“With all due respect, Your Grace, from what you are saying, it seems to

me that you are admitting by your own will that you are unjustly confining

Elliot-dono as his attendant fears.”

“If so, what then?”

Hadorious was flaunting his authority, which left Felmenia at a loss for

words. The situation was especially sticky for her, and she didn’t know how

to respond to a social superior pulling rank on her like that. In her stead,

Reiji didn’t hesitate to scowl at Hadorious.

“Then I will force my way in.”

“By force, will you?”

Parroting Reiji, Hadorious snickered. Reiji had expected the duke to

sneer at him for resorting to such savagery, but that unexpected response

left him bewildered. And then, the clincher...

“So be it, Hero-dono. If that’s what you desire, shall I be your

opponent?”

“...Tch!”

As Hadorious unleashed his intense fighting spirit, Reiji reflexively

leaped backward. Felmenia cut in front of him as if to protect him, and

Lefille and Io Kuzami who had been hanging back came running over.

“Your Grace, do you truly intend to turn your sword on Reiji-dono?”

“Fret not, White Flame-dono. I merely intend to asses the hero’s power.”

“I do believe that not even Your Grace would escape criticism for this

unprecedented rudeness. The hero is not a toy for you to test your strength

again.”

“Are you saying that the hero is too weak to fight me, White Flame-

dono?”

“Surely this cannot be allowed...”

Though Felmenia was stymied for a moment, she did not yield her

position in front of Reiji. Seeing this, Hadorious smiled.

“As for you, White Flame-dono... Allow me to introduce you to your

opponents.”

The duke snapped his fingers and an armed group of men suddenly

appeared out of nowhere. They looked quite similar to the men he’d had

with him in the woods before their brush with the demons not far from

Kurant City months ago.

“You’d send your private soldiers to fight me, Your Grace? However...”

“Yes, I can see that you would be too much for them as you are now,

White Flame-dono. But surely you don’t mean to say that you plan to fight

against us seriously.”

“Ugh...”

As Reiji expected, challenging an influential noble was exceptionally

difficult. Felmenia gritted her teeth at his latest roadblock. It was admirable

that she’d stood up to him at all considering her position. It was a big deal

for two nobles to openly declare hostilities against each other. There were

plenty of examples of it happening all throughout history, even between

nobles who served the same king and kingdom.

But there would be certain backlash if a fight actually broke out under

such circumstances. They already knew that Elliot was being kept inside the

duke’s mansion, but without evidence it was unlawful confinement, they

couldn’t say definitively that Hadorious had committed any real

wrongdoing. And if Felmenia were to attack a duke without sufficient

proof, never mind the headache it would cause her family, it could

potentially be seen as treason. Not even Titania would be able to help her if

it came to that. As Felmenia hesitated before the mercenary soldiers,

someone firmly grasped her shoulder.

“Lady Felmenia, step back. I will take care of this. There’s no opponent

I need to hold back against.”

“Lefille... I’m sorry.”

“You... You’re Alshuna’s Shrine Maiden of Spirits, are you not?”

“That’s right. And I am unbound by the decorum of your country.

Moreover, I have a personal grudge against you.”

Felmenia stepped back as Lefille upbraided Hadorious, who looked at

her curiously in return.

“I don’t recall doing anything to earn your enmity, young lady.”

“That time you set demons upon a certain trade corps? I just so

happened to be there. I’ll have you know you put me through hell.”

“I see. Certainly, in that case, I can understand your dislike for me.

However, as for your opponent...”

“What?”

A single shadow appeared from the formation of private soldiers. It was

a young girl—a figure Felmenia and Lefille both recognized.

“That’s...”

“Thoria’s hero...”

She wore a white robe and held a sword ready in each hand. And she

didn’t respond, no matter who called out to her. It was the same young girl

they’d faced off against in the Alliance.

“As we suspected, Your Grace is connected to the Universal Apostles...”

“Oh? I don’t know where you heard it, but if you know that name, I

suppose that means you know her already... But yes, you’re exactly right. I

am one among those who have sided with the Universal Apostles. Among

their company, I am known as Crimson Pain.”

As Hadorious plainly confessed his involvement, Reiji and the others

were unable to disguise the tension they felt.

“Now, I do believe it’s time for you to face me, Hero-dono.”

Hadorious made that declaration like he was issuing a challenge, and

suddenly, Io Kuzami stepped forward next to Reiji.

“Shall I lend you a hand, fiancé of mine?”

“No, I will take care of him myself.”

“You’re certain?”

“Mm.”

As Reiji drew his orichalcum blade and took a stance, Hadorious flashed

a delighted and fearless smile.

“So it’s come to this... I’m pleased that you have the backbone to accept

a challenge on your own, Hero-dono.”

And with that, Hadorious thrust his sword into the ground.

“What...?”

After declaring they were going to fight, it looked like Hadorious was

insulting Reiji by giving up his blade. However, Felmenia, who was still

racking her brains over how to handle the private soldiers, called out a

warning.

“Reiji-dono, take heed! That is Duke Hadorious’ dancing sword style!”

The instant her voice rang through the air, Hadorious stepped forward

with graceful footwork.

★

Rogue Zandyke was observing his target from the umbra of his own

shadow.

The light of only a few sparse candles dimly illuminated the bare room

with no windows and but a single door. It was a dead end within the

mansion. And now locked inside of it was the young hero of the Alliance

who remained vigilantly on guard, Hatsumi Kuchiba. She had a thin figure

that made her look breakable. Truly, she looked to be nothing more than a

frail teenage girl.

But judging her by appearance alone would be a deadly mistake. In spite

of how she looked, her very presence was draped in the unmistakable aura

of a master swordswoman. Her fighting spirit was so sharp that it alone

threatened to cut down anyone who would dare approach her. It was similar

to that of the Twilight Beheading Princess, Titania Root Astel, but calm

rather than bloodthirsty.

As an extension of their very person, a swordsman’s aura was like a

window into their inner self. If a swordsman was looking for a fight, for

example, their killing intent would be readily discernible. Or, at least, it

should be. Something was clearly different with Hatsumi. Despite the fact

that it was obvious she was on guard and ready for a fight, her aura

betrayed nothing.

She carried herself like a pristine mirror or a perfectly still body of

water. Despite radiating fighting spirit, there wasn’t a single stain of

bloodthirst in it. In fact, Rogue couldn’t perceive the slightest ripple of

emotion at all. Fighting her like this would make her very difficult to read.

She wore clothes from her world, decorated here and there with ruffles

and frills. But in stark contrast, she carried an elegant katana she’d

commissioned from the dwarves. With her long, golden hair flowing behind

her, she was quite a sight to behold.

But there wasn’t a single opening to behold in her stance. Like a pristine