its contents.

“We didn’t know... what you would want... so we bought... several

kinds.”

“Aw, you didn’t have to do that for me... Wait, you’re this serious about

it?!”

“Of course... we are.”

Liliana proudly stuck out her chest. It was just like her to be

exceptionally prepared.

“With this... everyone can go in... right?”

“Then let us get changed and do so forthwith!”

Hatsumi picked up her paper bag and followed Felmenia inside. Even

she seemed to be in high spirits over this whole pool debacle. But once they

were inside, Selphy turned to Suimei.

“Though this is a rare opportunity, I will refrain.”

“Oh? You don’t wanna go in, Selphy? How come?”

“As long as the kitty cats are here, I don’t need anything else.”

The half-elf’s heart had been stolen by the clowder of cats. She wanted

to spend time with them even more than she wanted to get in the pool. And

it seemed the attraction was mutual, for the mewing felines were all

gathered around her. It had been this way since she’d arrived. Thanks to her

magical specialty, the air around her was always nice and cool, so the cats

clustered around her to escape the sweltering heat. It was a win-win

relationship. And Suimei was usually the one to provide for the cats, so he

certainly didn’t mind someone else minding them for a time.

Hearing that Selphy was perfectly content with the cats, Liliana nodded

her head repeatedly. As fellow cat lovers, they understood each other well.

“Come now, everyone! Let us get ready!”

As Felmenia summoned the others, the Yakagi residence in the imperial

capital became a glorified dressing room.

★

Everyone seemed fairly excited about the pool and got changed in a

flash before lining up left to right in front of Felmenia’s manmade oasis.

First up was Felmenia, who was wearing a bikini that left her midriff

exposed. It did an incredible job of emphasizing her already incredible

proportions.

Lefille was also wearing a two-piece swimsuit, but a much sportier type,

as denizens of the modern world would call it. And perhaps because she

was getting into the water, she’d let down her usual ponytail.

Hatsumi, meanwhile, looked like she was ready to enjoy a weekend at a

private beach in a tropical country. She was wearing a skirted swimsuit and

even had a decorative flower in her hair. The overall effect was rather

elegant.

And then there was Liliana, who was wearing a cute swimsuit with

frills. He didn’t know where she’d found it, but she also had on something

like a bathing cap. She had even let down her hair, which was quite rare for

her. But what really stood out the most was the leather innertube squeezing

around her waist.

“Liliana, that...”

Suimei, wearing trunks with a strange pattern on them, pointed to her

float, and Liliana averted her eyes.

“I’m, um... Swimming... isn’t really my specialty, so...”

“So you can’t swim?”

“I-I only said... that it was not my specialty!”

“If it’s just ‘not your specialty,’ then you don’t need the float, right? You

do know how to swim, right? Right?”

“Th-This is just a necessary safety precaution... in the event of a

dangerous situation! There is... absolutely no meaning beyond that!”

“Mmhmm...”

“It’s true!”

Suimei looked like he didn’t believe her at all, and Liliana turned bright

red as she puffed out her cheeks and desperately pleaded her case. Seeing

this unfold from start to finish, Hatsumi couldn’t stand it anymore. She had

to say something.

“What are you picking on a kid for?”

“Huh? Uhhh, I just... You know?”

He was probably grinning too much, but he couldn’t help it. It was too

cute.

“...I shall remember this...”

That was when Suimei caught sight of the black aura flickering behind

Liliana. It seemed she was far more bitter about her inability to swim than

he’d realized. As her mana began to swell, he could feel a prickling

sensation on his skin. It was psychic acid, the signature proof Liliana’s

mana was filling the air. Just that one little joke had set her on the warpath.

Seeing that, Hatsumi whispered to Suimei.

“So, uh, Suimei... At this rate, aren’t you going to end up cursed by

Liliana-chan?”

“That’s seriously not funny...”

“Yeah, I wasn’t kidding.”

When he glanced back over at Liliana, the very air around her had

turned as dark as night. It was the raw embodiment of her grudge. Both

Suimei and Hatsumi were trembling before the little girl’s mighty rage

when Felmenia cast them a lifeline.

“A-Anyway, everyone is ready now, so let us get in without further

delay!”

Liliana was still brooding, but the pool was now open. The girls had all

been looking forward to it, and each got in the water however they pleased.

Felmenia used magicka to leap in, while Lefille and Hatsumi sat on the

edge of the tub and slowly lowered themselves in. As for Liliana, perhaps

because she knew the pool was quite deep for her, she only timidly climbed

in after making sure that her float was secure.

“Ahhh... It feels nice to get in the water in the summertime!”

“You’re so right. This kind of bath really is nice once in a while. It’s all

thanks to you, Lady Felmenia.”

“Man, I never thought I’d end up wearing a swimsuit and getting into a

pool in another world...”

“As I thought, m-my feet... can’t reach...”

As each of the girls gave their impressions, they began to move around

and get used to the water. Once they were all in, Suimei stuck his toe in.

“Oh, it’s surprisingly cool...”

Because of the heat, Suimei had assumed the water would be on the

warm side. But to his surprise, it was pleasantly cold and refreshing. Upon

closer inspection, he spotted a magicka circle drawn at the bottom of the

pool, and realized that it was responsible for maintaining the water

temperature.

Moreover, he could tell that the water in the tank wasn’t rainwater, but

fresh water created with magicka. Because of that, unlike a regular pool,

there was no need to add chemical agents like chlorine. The crystal clear

water was already perfectly free of impurities, and the surface of it sparkled

brilliantly in the afternoon sun.

All in all, the pool turned out to be much more pleasing that Suimei had

thought it would be. Admiring Felmenia’s meticulousness as she had been

prudent down to the finest details, Suimei took up a position at the edge of

the pool and began to use magicka to create himself a seat. While he was

working on that, the girls were enjoying swimming around or just floating

on the water.

“How is it, everyone? Do you like the pool I made?”

“Aah, this really has to be the best way to beat the summer heat.

Honestly, it was really starting to get to me. Thank you, Lady Felmenia.”

“I was wondering about that. Is this weather tough on you, Lefille?”

“I was born and raised in Noshias, after all. I’m not used to the heat.”

“Heehee... So it was the right choice to make the pool. Let us make one

every year.”

While Felmenia was resolving to make the pool a summer tradition,

Hatsumi turned to Suimei.

“So you can even make this kind of thing with magicka, huh? How

convenient. Hey, Suimei, when we go back, why don’t you make one in the

garden for me?”

“I’m a magician, not a damn contractor.”

“I know! How about Yakagi Public Works? Oh, or Yakagi Construction?

If the family business doesn’t work out, it’s always good to have a backup

plan, you know.”

“Family business? Just what do you take a venerable line of magicians

for...?”

Suimei was having his back-and-forth with Hatsumi, but unlike the girls,

he wasn’t swimming. For him, just the fact that the pool existed was

heaven... But a heaven he wasn’t fully prepared for.

“Somehow, I feel out of place...”

Perhaps it was because he was the only guy present, or perhaps it was

just because he wasn’t experienced in this kind of situation with girls. But

in spite of that, he wasn’t going anywhere. He was perfectly happy where

he was.

All of the girls present were bona fide beauties. Moreover, they were

playing and splashing about in the water... All sorts of things were on

display, particularly when they bent over. The view was incomparable. And

it was all his. If he couldn’t take it and walked away, he was pretty sure a

portal would open up and every other guy his age would show up to kill

him in a jealous rage.

As Suimei was taking in the sights, the girls who had all been enjoying

themselves while swimming around were now starting to get excited about

something else. For some reason, Felmenia had taken up an imposing

stance at the edge of the water tank. She thrust a finger out at Lefille, who

was rising out of the water’s surface.

“Lefille, I challenge you to a duel!”

“Hmph, a duel with me?”

“That’s right! Here in this very pool! A match without sword or

sorcery!”

Hearing that declaration, Lefille replied with a fearless smile.

“Interesting... Very well.”

The two girls then put some distance between them. Felmenia jumped

into the pool from the edge and moved away, while Lefille waded through

the water towards Suimei at the opposite end of the pool. When she got

closer, he called out to her in a listless tone.

“You gonna be okay?”

“There was no way I could refuse such a challenge. Battle is the very

livelihood of a swordswoman like me.”

“Livelihood, huh? More importantly, what are you guys even up to...?”

That was his primary question. He had no idea what kind of battle they

could be having in a pool. He’d assumed it would be a swimming match at

first, but since they’d moved away from each other, it didn’t look like they

were going to race or anything.

“Now, as for the rules, the winner shall be the last one standing with

their upper half above the water’s surface!”

“Understood.”

“Wait, hang on, you two! Why does it have to be such a violent battle?!”

As the conversation rapidly advanced, Suimei didn’t hesitate to throw in

a quip—especially not one he thought was reasonable. But when he did,

Felmenia and Lefille both looked at him curiously.

“Suimei-dono, are not battles inherently violent?”

“Lady Felmenia is right. Just what are you saying, Suimei-kun? As a

magician, you should understand that as well as anyone. Any true fight has

a true victor—the last one left standing.”

“No, no, no! I don’t get it at all! Why are we even talking about

fighting?! Just what are you two trying to start?!”

As the atmosphere in the pool grew tenser, Suimei began to panic a

little. As for the two girls...

“This is a fight that I cannot lose.”

“That’s right. Our pride as women is at stake.”

“What even...?”

Suimei’s bewilderment and groaning fell on deaf ears, and he was

oblivious as to what kind of pride could possibly be on the line concerning

anything involving a pool. Meanwhile, the girls seemed to finish their

preparations. And then it began...

“Here I go!”

With no warning, Felmenia started to amass mana. Ripples rose to the

surface of the water, and within mere moments, they gave rise to a wave

that caused the whole pool to undulate. Responding in kind, Lefille began

to summon her own power.

“Oh spirits. Become my guardian...”

The Shrine Maiden called out to the spirits to bring forth her red wind. It

swirled deep crimson around her and pushed the water away from her in