“Suimei, you perv!”

It seemed she’d taken personal offense at Suimei staring at Felmenia’s

bare skin. But since Suimei didn’t think he was really the one at fault, he

began making excuses.

“I-It was just by chance! Just by chance, I caught a glimpse! By

accident!”

“Don’t lie! You were totally gawking! Idiot!”

“B-B-B-B-But that’s because— Bwuh?! Wh-What now?!”

As he deteriorated into a complete tizzy, Suimei took another surprise

attack. This time it came from the side, and when he turned to look...

“That one... was from me.”

“You’ve just been doing whatever the hell you want all afternoon...”

“Hmph. It turns out... that teasing you... can be fun. I now understand...

why Lefille wants... to do it all the time.”

“Right?”

Coming to some sort of understanding, the two girls gave each other

thumbs up. And while a teasing alliance was being formed against him, the

abused Suimei...

“God damn it... You guys really need to cut it out...”

Between having his nice, refreshing afternoon interrupted by all this

nonsense and either Hatsumi or Liliana coming for him whenever he let his

guard down, Suimei’s patience was beginning to reach its limits. Seeing that

he was suddenly accumulating sinister-looking mana, Hatsumi sensed

impending danger and issued a word of warning.

“Liliana-chan! Suimei’s started to snap! Look out! When he’s like that,

you don’t know what he’ll end up doing!”

“Right!”

“Don’t talk about people like they’re wild animals, damn it!”

But alas, yet again, the girls simply ignored Suimei. Just how many

times did this make now? Before Suimei even had time to add it up,

Hatsumi and Liliana initiated a combo attack together. They were moving

around at an incredible rate despite being underwater.

“Scurrying around like pests...! Actually, how can you guys even move

like that?! Ain’t that weird?!”

“Before we made our move, Felmenia-san cast magicka on us.”

“Felmenia made the pool... so with her on our side... we are perfectly

prepared.”

As one would expect of the meticulous Felmenia, she’d really thought of

everything. She was so clumsy that she hurt herself sometimes, but despite

that, she was extremely capable when it came to exercises of the mind. She

was so scrupulous, in fact, that the image of her falling on her face at Castle

Camellia seemed like a lie.

“Ugh, I’ll really be in trouble at this rate... No, if I just steal away their

freedom, there won’t be a fight or any other bullshit!”

Two experienced combat specialists were coming at him underwater and

trying to trip him up. Normally, a situation like that was justifiable cause for

concern. Especially when one’s opponents were attacking relentlessly like

Liliana and Hatsumi were.

However, if they couldn’t move, that would put a swift end to things no

matter how tough they were. And when Suimei finally arrived at that simple

conclusion, he immediately took action.

“Oh moisture that fills to the brim far and wide. Thou art a snake given

the role of rope—a rope that binds all free will. Conform all to thee and

shackle them so.”

This last wave of relentless attacks had pushed Suimei over the edge,

and he began seriously chanting a spell. As if floating in the water, a

magicka circle expanded around him. All the water it touched rose up to the

surface and began braiding itself into ropes. Seeing this, Hatsumi stopped

moving and observed the strange phenomenon in bewilderment.

“Wait, what are those? Tendrils of water?”

“This... isn’t good. Hero Hatsumi, quickly evade—”

“It’s too late! Eat this!”

The numerous sinewy ropes of water hanging the air suddenly dove

under the water’s surface. They quickly went to work restricting Hatsumi

and Liliana.

“Y-You’re kidding, right?! Is water hardening inside water?!”

“In that case... I’ll do something... with mana.”

“No, Lily! It’s useless!”

It was Felmenia that shouted a word of warning, but she was already too

late. As if to reiterate this, Suimei explained...

“That’s right; you can’t cut it. Well, you can cut anything meant to be

cut, but...”

“Lily, there is no point even if you cut the water!”

That was the real problem. Even if she could sever the ropes of water,

they were in a pool full of water. That realization set in on Liliana as she cut

through a few of the ropes to no avail. She and Hatsumi were then both

seized by Suimei’s magicka without any chance for resistance.

The binding tendrils took hold of the two girls and lifted them up out of

the water. The mastermind behind all this, Suimei, seemed to be content

with his handiwork. In all seriousness, he’d used a needlessly intricate spell

for the situation, but he was still pleased that everything was going

according to plan. So pleased, in fact, that he began to laugh loudly like

some villain.

“HAHAHA! How’s that?! You can’t move anymore, now can you?!

With this, do you feel like calming down a—”

“You pervert! What kind of magicka are you using?!”

“Suimei, you’re... the worst. I’ve been... disillusioned.”

“Huh?”

Suimei was confused as to how this had suddenly gotten turned around

on him. He thought it was a rather impeccable strategy, but it was just like

him not to have considered that he was ultimately tying the girls up. Not

that that seemed to be their main complaint...

“If you’re going to tie us up, at least do it normally! Th-The tendrils...

are going weird places...”

Hatsumi was turning bright red, and Liliana was just silently trembling.

After stopping to pay attention to what he’d really done for a moment,

Suimei saw that the rope hadn’t just wrapped around them normally... In

order to make sure the girls were fully restricted, it had wormed its way

everywhere it could—in their cleavage, between their legs, under their

armpits, around their waists. Upon finally realizing that, Suimei

immediately dismissed his spell and tried to make excuses.

“N-No, I didn’t particularly do it with that intention, really...”

“What do you mean by ‘that’ intention?”

“After looking at Felmenia-san’s breasts, I don’t want to hear it from

you, perv!”

“That’s not related, is it?!”

“Are you denying it?! Last time you also leered at me while I was naked

too, didn’t you?!”

There, Hatsumi dropped a bomb. The instant she frankly admitted to it,

the air around the pool suddenly turned cold.

“Suimei... Like I thought, you’re... just the worst.”

“Gwah!”

And there came the strongest blow yet—the judgment of an innocent

little girl. Her words felt like a sharp knife in Suimei’s heart, but he was in

for a lot more than just that. The cold atmosphere radiated out from where

Suimei, Hatsumi, and Liliana were standing... right over to Felmenia and

Lefille.

“Lady Felmenia, let’s call a temporary truce. We need to work together

to punish Suimei-kun instead.”

“Understood. Suimei-dono, I misjudged you just a little!”

Tacking on the naive “just a little” part was just like Felmenia, but

nevertheless, she joined the other girls as they all assumed attack stances.

Felmenia was gathering her mana, Lefille was conjuring the power of the

spirits, Hatsumi was unfurling her fighting spirit, and both of Liliana’s

hands were aglow with the dark energy of Negative Touch. Feeling the

pressure from all directions, Suimei panicked and began stepping back.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! NOOOOOOOO!”

In the end, the one-on-one showdown between Felmenia and Lefille

became a four-on-one brawl. You could say Suimei’s peaceful, relaxing

afternoon was dead in the water.

★

“How did it end up like this...?”

After being worn to tatters by the four girls, Suimei was slung over a

poolside chair like a piece of laundry left out to dry. When he eventually

came to, the day was already over. He recalled having fun at some point,

but that was long over and done with by the time he was conscious again.

He was supposed to be relaxing, but now he was just spent and exhausted.

Taking a look around, he saw that the girls had changed from their

swimsuits back into their regular clothes, and were currently warming

themselves by the fire as they waited for their hair to dry. He was happy

they were all getting along well and giggling together, but the way they’d

abandoned him and left him for dead felt cruel. However, he knew damn

good and well that saying so would only earn him a punishment several

times worse than what he’d just been through. So he decided to be smart

and keep his mouth shut as he got up.

“Ah, Suimei-dono! You’re awake now?”

“You guys... No matter how you look at it, that was just mean...”

In the end, Suimei couldn’t help it. He had to say something, so he

watered it down as much as possible. Seemingly aware they’d gone

overboard, Hatsumi replied in a somewhat awkward tone.

“W-Well, I do think that we went a bit too far, but fundamentally, you

deserved it.”

“But it was all accidents and happenstance! I’m innocent! Besides, all of

this only happened because you guys had to have some match...”

And there it went. He’d tried to hold back, but the floodgates of his

griping burst. And, as expected, his complaining was met with harsh words

in return.

“Suimei, you’re damaging... your manly image.”

“That’s right, Suimei-kun. A man should be magnanimous about

everything.”

“Uuugh...”

He knew exactly what he’d walked into, so all Suimei could do was

groan while he listened to their criticisms—still standing there in his trunks,

mind you. But fortunately for him, the tongue-lashing wasn’t as bad as he

thought it would be. Lefille and the other girls weren’t that mad anymore,

so they soon switched from scolding him to smiling and patting him on the

head.

“Please stop patting and stroking my head.”

“Don’t pout. I was also concerned that I went a little overboard.”

“After going completely wild like that?”

“At the time, I was kind of... in a trance.”

“A trance, huh?”

That was just proof of how much fun she’d been having, and ultimately

it was a good thing she’d been able to cut loose and blow off so much

stress. Knowing that, Suimei bit his lip and didn’t say anything else.

Liliana, meanwhile, poked him in the ribs.

“I won’t... forgive you though.”

“That bad, huh?”

“That’s right. The next time... we get in the pool... You’re on,” she

declared, thrusting her finger out at him.

“Hey, don’t point that at people.”

He was joking around with her, but what she’d said made him think... If

they’d be doing this again, maybe he should teach her how to swim.

Flashing a slightly nihilistic smile, Liliana abruptly turned her head to the

side. Seeing her like this with her hair down, she gave off a very different

impression from normal. It was refreshing. Felmenia then clapped her

hands together to get everyone’s attention.

“Now that Suimei-dono has regained consciousness, it’s about time that

we clear away the pool.”

“Yeah, let’s. Suimei, you were last, so get changed already and get to it.”

“Aren’t I being treated too roughly here...?”

Hatsumi gave him zero concessions, and Suimei let out a disheartened

sigh. It seemed like he was going to get the short end of the stick, but

Felmenia quickly came over to help.

“Shall we extract the water?”

“How are you gonna do that? Dry it up with magicka?”

“No, no. We’ll empty it out into the nearby drainage. With this and this

here...”

As she explained, Felmenia used magicka to connect the bottom of the

water tank with the alley storm drain. The water in the tank then began to