them.

Did the plan change somewhere along the line? Maybe they don’t need

to kidnap them anymore? But the timing is just too...

As Suimei drew deeper and deeper into thought, mumbling

unintelligibly to himself, Elliot turned to the maid.

“May I leave now?”

“Yes, you may do as you please.”

“You’re releasing Elliot-dono?”

“Those were His Grace’s orders. He said that if Your Highness wished

for his release, we were not to object.”

“So he still maintains his obedience to the royal family, does he?”

As Titania let out a sigh, Suimei addressed the maid.

“Just what’s going on here? What are you guys thinking?”

“I confess I know nothing in regard to His Grace’s ambitions.”

“This isn’t because of some grudge against Astel, is it?”

“That would be impossible, sir.”

“Of course,” Titania agreed. “The likes of that man would never lose

control of himself like that.”

As Titania spoke in a somewhat sullen manner, Suimei turned a

skeptical gaze her way.

“So despite all this incomprehensible nonsense, you still have some faith

in him, huh?”

“I would rather you say that I am a reasonable judge of character. Even

if it is someone that I despise, I am capable of evaluating them objectively.”

“This doesn’t sound like the same princess who was gloating about

uncovering his nefarious deeds and shoving them in his face.”

“My, did I ever say anything like that?”

“Mmhmm, it must be awfully convenient to have a brain that forgets

things like that.”

Suimei shrugged as he poked fun at Titania. With this, they had fulfilled

their objective. They could afford to goof around a little. However...

“Tia, take care of Elliot. I’m going outside.”

“What are you going to do outside?”

“I have a personal score to settle. I thought I’d go clock him one and ask

a few questions. It seems the fight has already started out there.”

“Has it? But I don’t sense...”

“It seems like they’re concealing it on purpose... I suspect it’s the work

of the guy Hatsumi chased down.”

Suimei could tell something was afoot. Since a large number of people

were on the move, it likely meant that Hadorious’s private army had been

put into action. But as Suimei turned to go join the fun, Titania called out to

him.

“In that case, please give the duke my regards as well and clock him

twice.”

“You got it. Take it easy until I get back. I’ll leave the rest to you,

Liliana.”

“Understood.”

Suimei then turned to go again, but Titania called out to him once more.

“Suimei, allow me to warn you beforehand... If you plan on confronting

the duke with a sword, do be careful.”

“What, is Mr. Big-Shot Noble strong?”

“Lucas de Hadorious is the first of the Seven Swords. He is the strongest

swordsman in this world.”

“...Wha?”

While making a rather idiotic expression, Suimei looked to Liliana for

confirmation. She nodded.

“Duke Lucas de Hadorious stands... at the apex of the Seven Swords...

That makes him... at least the strongest man... in the northern continent.”

“Y-You guys! You gotta tell me this kinda crap sooner!”

As he yelled, Suimei ran at full speed towards where Hadorious and

Reiji were fighting.