ripples that mounted into a wave of their own. One that was headed for

Felmenia’s side.

The two waves met in the center of the pool, crashing against one

another in a glorious spray. The air was flooded with incredible tension. It

was like a sudden storm was blowing through an otherwise sunny day.

It would be a real shame to let them continue like this. It would be a

complete waste of the relaxing day they were finally having. As such

thoughts stirred in Suimei’s mind, he shifted his attention to the remaining

two girls who should be on his side about stopping such barbarism.

However...

“Hey, Liliana-chan, who do you think will win?”

“Prior to today... I would have said Lefille... But based on what we were

talking about earlier... with the mana furnace... Felmenia has also become

quite strong... So I don’t know... who will be victorious...”

By the time Suimei turned to them for help, it was too late. They were

already in spectator mode, analyzing the fight from a distance. It was clear

they had no intention of interfering, meaning Suimei was on his own. He

had one last potential ally, but she wouldn’t be any help right now. She’d

practically been rendered putty by the cats. Moreover, being quite cunning,

she’d already moved to safety with her feline friends without Suimei even

noticing.

And so the showdown between Felmenia and Lefille continued. Perhaps

because Felmenia had begun gathering her mana first, she took the

initiative. Pooling even more mana in her hand, she skillfully twisted the

water around it.

“Here I go! Hyah!”

With a shout, she fired the water at Lefille on the other end of the pool.

It was a small torrent that twisted into a vortex and stretched out like a

snake as it sprung towards its target. But Lefille wouldn’t be defeated so

easily. She quickly used the power of the spirits to defend herself,

obstructing the incoming water with a wall of wind. However, the two

forces began struggling for supremacy.

“That really is a mysterious power, isn’t it?”

Felmenia’s attack was magicka, so Suimei understood how it worked

and what was going on behind the scenes. But Lefille’s was a different

story. He had already established that the source of her power was the

power of the spirits, but what she used that resembled magic didn’t even

necessarily even use command words. She could use it for offense, defense,

and even utility. Its unparalleled versatility in battle left Suimei wide-eyed.

And that wasn’t even touching on how strong it could be. Even a magician

like Suimei felt a power like that might be cheating, but...

“HAAAAAAAA!”

“Urgh, that’s some serious pressure... So this is what you meant by

increasing your output, is it?”

Even with the power of the spirits shielding Lefille, Felmenia’s spell

seemed to be pushing her back. Felmenia’s skills were nothing to be

sneezed at, and Lefille was feeling the brunt of that now. Just as she began

to appreciate her companion’s true abilities, it seemed the water spell was

dying down—and Lefille had endured it splendidly.

“As one would expect of Lefille. However, I still have more to go.”

“So the interval between spells is short...”

“That’s right! I have accomplished a so-called level up!”

“Even so, I won’t just stand down!”

When Lefille fired out that gallant declaration, Suimei had to wonder

what she was planning to do. And while contemplating the possibilities, he

suddenly found himself grabbed by the nape of the neck.

“Gueh!”

The next thing he knew, he was making a weird noise like a crushed

frog. It was because Lefille had grabbed him by the neck and thrust him out

towards Felmenia.

“Heh... It’s unfortunate for you, Lady Felmenia, but I have Suimei-kun

over on my side.”

“Hey, who said I’m on your side?! Hey! You’re just using me as a

shield!”

Suimei squirmed and struggled, but he couldn’t escape Lefille’s firm

grasp. Whether it was through sheer strength alone or whether it was the

power of the spirits aiding her that allowed her to wield it, Lefille’s weapon

of choice was an unreasonably large sword. And keeping a good handle on

one’s weapon was integral to swordsmanship, so Lefille’s grip strength was

proportionally large.

“No, you’re not a shield. Absolutely not.”

“Then what the hell am I?! A hostage?! Am I a freaking hostage?!”

“You’re a reliable knight who protects me.”

“What kind of knight do you hold by the neck?!”

Before he was a knight or anything else, Suimei was a magician. But he

wasn’t the only magician on the scene now.

“Grrr, to use Suimei-dono like that... What a cowardly act!”

Despite Felmenia’s complaint, Lefille’s move proved effective.

Felmenia immediately went on the defensive, skillfully using magicka to

create a foothold in the water and bracing herself. It was all she could do

with Suimei in the way. With little other recourse, she switched up her

tactics and tried going for a psychological attack.

“Lefille! Using such underhanded tactics... Do you not find that

embarrassing?”

“Sometimes you have to be underhanded in battle. You have to utilize

every resource and every opportunity. Besides, Lady Felmenia, just as you

used the pool’s water, all I did was use Suimei-kun.”

“Hey! You just said yourself that you’re using me! How does that make

me a knight?! What kind of knight gets used like this?!”

Suimei was yelling, but Lefille wasn’t listening. She seemed to be

completely ignoring him on purpose, and Suimei glared at her as she looked

the other way and whistled.

“Ugh... My hands are tied...”

Felmenia began grumbling. Suimei was a little touched that she was

having mercy on him, but her attacks weren’t the only thing he needed to

worry about.

“Take that,” said a childish voice with little inflection.

And with that, a large wave of water came crashing down on them. The

culprit was Liliana, still clinging on to her float. Being blindsided, Lefille

and her shield—Suimei—were unable to defend themselves and took the

attack full force.

“Pbbbt!”

“Buhaaaaa! M-My nose! Water went up my nose!”

Lefille was mostly unscathed because she was standing behind Suimei,

who felt like he’d swallowed the whole wave. It really seemed like the

attack had been aimed primarily at him.

“Beh! Bwugh! Pah! What the hell are you doing, Liliana?!”

Even with Suimei yelling at her, Liliana’s stoic attitude remained

unchanged.

“Suimei... I told you before... that I would remember... what you said.”

“So this is payback?! That’s so mean!”

“Revenge is mine. Victory cannot be had... through mercy... or holding

back.”

Liliana stuck her finger out pointedly and lectured him like a petty

villain. As for Lefille who was also struck by her attack...

“Ugh, even using Suimei-kun as a shield didn’t help, huh?”

“Hey, I thought you said you weren’t using me as a shield! What

gives?!”

“...Oops.”

Lefille had unintentionally let the truth slip, and went back to whistling

again instead of answering Suimei. Hearing all this, a vein visibly popped

out of Suimei’s forehead.

“Lefi, you damn...”

“N-Now it’s time for your payback, Lily! Taaake this!”

Ignoring the livid Suimei, Lefille began conjuring a sphere of water in

her palm. It must have been something accomplished with the power of the

spirits. Seeing it, Suimei’s face stiffened in surprise.

“Hey now, what’s with that skill...?”

“Teehee... Are you surprised, Suimei-kun? This is something I worked

out just for a time like this.”

For a time like what, exactly?

Though Suimei was dying to get in a quip, Lefille took a stance like a

water polo player brandishing a ball before the words ever left his mouth.

The watery ball stayed with Lefille’s hand through some sort of unseen

power. It looked like an orb of swirling plasma as she held it aloft. And

then... it started to make crackling sounds highly uncharacteristic of water.

The colorless and transparent ball then gradually turned red.

“Here I come, Lady Felmenia! Lily! Have a taste of Ishaktney’s Red

Ball!”

“WAAAAAAAAIT! You can’t hit them with that! They’ll—”

What Lefille was about to hurl at them was without a doubt a killing

technique. The red hue consuming the watery ball was proof it contained

the power of the spirits. And seeing that manifest before his very eyes,

Suimei couldn’t help screaming. Felmenia, however, seemed to be more

prepared.

“Lily! Defense!”

“Under... stood!”

Faced with Lefille’s lethal attack, Felmenia and Liliana joined forces to

create a defensive formation together. Just what had happened to having a

fair match...?

Using magicka, they created a bulwark and awaited the incoming attack.

And it wasn’t long before Ishaktney’s Red Ball, or whatever this alleged

technique was called, collided with their combined magickal bulwark. As

the powerful energies clashed with one another, they emitted such a bright

light that it made the rest of the open space between buildings in front of the

Yakagi residence look as dark as night. A hail of sparks rained down from

the collision. It looked like there was a fire atop the water’s surface. And as

the two intense powers continued to vie for dominance, a shadow suddenly

swooped in.

“Hyah!”

The shadow let out a sharp, spirited yell, and the red ball trying to

penetrate the magickal bulwark was cut clean in two. Just what happened?

As the column of water settled down and the steam from the used mana

dispersed, the identity of the interloping shadow became clear. It was none

other than Hatsumi, who was holding her hand out in front of her like a

blade.

“Do you all plan on just ignoring me while you all play? You can’t just

do that, right?”

“Hmph! So even Lady Hatsumi is joining the war... Three against two is

cowardly!”

“Hey, no! Don’t just casually count me as part of this!”

As Suimei shouted, Lefille frowned.

“But Suimei-kun... Without you, I’d be all alone...”

“There are only two sides here! People who care, and people who don’t

want to be involved!”

Suimei unrelentingly continued to shout at the pouting Lefille. They

were supposed to be relaxing in the pool, yet their peaceful afternoon had

somehow devolved into all-out war. Frankly speaking, he wanted nothing to

do with it. Lefille suddenly seemed to think of something, however, and

leaned in closer towards Suimei.

“Wh-What?” he asked nervously.

“...Then how about this?”

“Urk!”

Lefille let go of Suimei’s neck and wrapped both of her arms around

him, embracing him from behind. Feeling her softness pressing against his

back, Suimei unintentionally made a rather strange sound. As for Felmenia

and Hatsumi who were watching this happen...

“AAH!”

“Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing, Lefille?!”

Looking like they were in complete disbelief, both girls yelled out.

Paying them no mind, Lefille brought her lips closer to Suimei’s ear, and

despite being a good spirit, she whispered to him like an evil one.

“So, how about it, Suimei-kun? You are on my side, aren’t you? Won’t

you help me?”

“Uh, no... I mean, yes... Just a bit... Yeah, I’m starting to think I could

try for a little bit... Yeah...”

“Mm, that’s a good Suimei-kun. You should have just said so from the

beginning.”

Before the devil’s temptation, Suimei capitulated without resistance.

Satisfied, Lefille finally let go of him.