mere shell of itself here. It could never reach its full potential in this world

devoid of the stars it relied on. Here, the best Suimei could hope for was

half its actual power.

And Enth Astrarle was just the tip of the iceberg. Psychic Tempest, the

supreme fist Lag Line Bells, the cursed Stella Maris, and the infinite

conversion of the mana furnace... There was plenty else he either couldn’t

use at all, or could only use in a severely compromised form.

He didn’t know if he’d be able to fix that after returning to his own

world or not, but at least there were guides there he could use to help him.

Markers to light the way for those who dared to peek into the abyss of the

mysteries. Surely such things existed here too. And if he asked someone to

teach him, it might give him a clue to solving the problem or at least help

him find an alternate power he could use. However...

“It doesn’t exactly sit well with me to have to rely on someone...”

It was expected— No, it was only natural for a first-rate magician to

solve the problems thrown at them on their own. But Suimei didn’t have the

leisure to mind his pride here. The situation had deteriorated, and things

were much more dire now than he’d ever imagined they would be. If he

took too long trying to handle things himself, it was very likely that not just

Reiji, but all the people of this world would end up being annihilated by

Lishbaum. But before Suimei could even think about stopping him, he’d

have to master the spell to get back to his own world.

“Now, just how am I supposed to do this...?”

At hand, Suimei had a transcription of the magicka circle used to

summon him to Astel, as well as a copy of the oldest known version he’d

found in the northern Alliance. He compared those with his knowledge of

summoning magic in this world and spiritualism from back home. Putting it

all together, he began drawing out a magicka circle of returning, but...

Just one more... I’m missing just one last thing...

Seeing that the puzzle before him was still missing an essential piece,

Suimei gritted his teeth. He began unwittingly tapping his foot on the

ground in irritation. He was nearing his limits. All he was missing was a

definitive mental image of the way the spell would manifest. Would it be a

warp gate? An opening door? A drilled hole? Or maybe just straight up

teleportation? Unable to grasp the form the spell would take, he was unable

to pin down that last piece.

Naturally, he could try and forcefully activate the spell as it was, but that

came with a dangerously high risk of failure. Without a form, the spell was

nothing but empty theory. As long as he couldn’t picture the way it would

manifest, there would be an element of uncertainty in the casting. That

uncertainty inevitably meant instability, and it wasn’t hard to imagine where

that would lead. Just like that experiment in Philadelphia, the phenomena

would contort and rebound, and all that calamity would fall squarely on

Suimei as the caster.

“An incomplete spell is the Pandora’s box of magicka.”

That was the admonishing warning the leader of the Society, Nestahaim,

had given Suimei a long time ago. Suimei had a tendency to place his bets

on the long shot when he was in a disadvantageous situation. In his fight

with Eanru, for example, he’d tried to use Infinite Light Without End. And

it was precisely because he took such gambles that he’d been so warned—

because he was the type to seek out hope in the mysteries, use power that

was beyond his means, and end up suffering for it.

But in a situation like this where he was perfectly calm and easily able

to distinguish between what was safe and what wasn’t, he would never

make such a desperate play. That being said, the current predicament he was

in certainly felt desperate. Tackling this conundrum felt like being trapped

in a dark tunnel with no light at the end.

“Aaaaah, I can’t think of anything good! Everything is this damn heat’s

fault...”

Suimei’s brain was overheated, and it wasn’t just from too much

thinking. It had been cold in the northern Empire, but Suimei had had a

rude awakening upon returning to the city. Despite it only being early

summer, a searing heatwave had rolled in. They hadn’t been affected in the

mountains because of the wind and elevation, but the imperial capital was

positively boiling. It had spiked to an unbearable thirty degrees seemingly

overnight.

As Suimei was griping about the heat, someone called to him from the

other side of the door to his room.

“Oh, Suimei-donooo! Is now a good time?”

“Menia? Come on in. What’s up?”

When Suimei called out to Felmenia, she quietly opened the door.

“Pardon the intrusion, but how are things going? Have you been able to

make any progress on the return magicka circle?”

“None whatsoever. I’m stuck. I’ve hit a total dead end.”

“O-Oh, ahaha... You don’t say...”

Suimei slumped his shoulders in a perfect reflection of the defeat he felt,

and Felmenia began laughing awkwardly like she didn’t know what to say.

“There’s no easy answer. This spell is eluding me. And the liturgy is too

convoluted. It’s not working. Also the form... The mental image just isn’t

coming to me.”

“I understand the task is difficult. Even in this world, I do not think

anyone has ever been able to create a magic circle of returning... But might

I ask what you mean by a mental image in the context of summoning

magic?”

“Think of it as a blueprint for the foundation. A vacuum... Wait, no, you

wouldn’t get that. Using an example from this world, it would be like

creating a powerful current with wind magic forcefully pulling on

something.”

“Then why not just visualize the reverse of that?”

“No, that won’t do. In the case of sucking air in to bring something to

you, the arrival point is fixed and stable. But in pushing air out to send

something somewhere else, it goes all over the place. We’d never be able to

return to the right location that way.”

“I see... Then how about a tunnel from this world to yours?”

“I’m worried that would just get clogged up... Damn, it really is a

vacuum, isn’t it?”

When he recalled first being summoned to this world, the pull of the

spell felt like a vacuum that was sucking things in. And that was a large part

of Suimei’s troubles. After thinking of it that way, it was hard to un-think of

it that way. He was stuck on his own preconceptions, essentially.

Suimei let out a grand sigh, but Felmenia clapped her hands together

like a delightful little bell to clear away the gloom.

“Well, Suimei-dono, how about a change of pace? If you can clear your

head for a time, you can come back to this with fresh eyes. That might help

you see something you hadn’t before, no?”

“A change of pace, huh? You certainly have a point there... But what

should we do instead?”

“Heh heh heh... Regarding that, I have a plan.”

“O-Oh yeah? Well, what is it?”

Felmenia was smiling somewhat creepily, and Suimei looked at her

suspiciously. But it seemed she was doing it on purpose. In the blink of an

eye, her creepy grin was replaced with a bright and cheerful one. And the

first thing to come out of her mouth after that...

“The change of pace I’d like to recommend for you, Suimei-dono, is...

the pool!”

“Huh...?”

And thus Felmenia Stingray announced the grand opening of the pool to

kick off the summer.

★

Bowled over by the completely unexpected word that had come out of

Felmenia’s mouth, Suimei stiffened up for a moment before his emotions

caught up with him.

“Sorry, what? Did you just say THE POOL?! Like, where you take

swimming lessons in the summer and go to have fun with your family?!

That kind of pool?!”

“Indeed! Before we left the northern military encampment, I heard all

about them from Io Kuzami-dono! She told me that, in your world, in order

to beat the heat, everyone intentionally goes into enormous containers of

water to cool off their hot bodies together!”

“Please don’t speak of summer’s greatest pastime in such a tasteless

way...”

Hearing Felmenia parroting Io Kuzami, Suimei was at a loss for a

response. He certainly wanted to cool off, but she made it sound like they

were going to go on a polar bear plunge after hanging out in a sauna or

something.

“In spite of it only being the start of summer, we have this oppressive

heat weighing on us. So how about it?”

“How about it? Yeah, okay, sure. Now, where exactly are we going to

find a freaking swimming pool?”

“If you’ll step outside, Suimei-dono, you can see for yourself. Follow

me!”

And with that, a high-spirited Felmenia tugged on Suimei’s arm. She

looked like a small child trying to drag her parent along. It was quite cute.

Even though Suimei had no idea what he was getting into, he didn’t resist

as she escorted him outside. And when they opened the door...

“HAAAAAH!”

“HYAAAAAH!”

A great sword and katana clashed as two women both let out war cries.

“...”

Just outside, a furious exchange of blows was taking place. Beholding

this unexpected spectacle, Suimei stood stock-still in surprise. There was a

heated swordfight going down right outside his front door. But because

Suimei’s room was soundproofed, he’d been completely oblivious to all of

Lefille and Hatsumi’s shouting. And considering their skill levels, it was an

especially intense match.

One of them was wielding a massive broadsword and the other an

extremely long katana. They were weapons that seemed unsuitable for the

girls, but they both made wielding such tools of war look exceptionally

easy. They certainly weren’t lacking for speed and power, either. If some

careless fool dared to get between them, they’d be rendered mincemeat in

the blink of an eye. Their exchange was just that fierce. A grand display of

clashing steel and fighting spirit. Absolutely nothing about it said “pool.” If

anything, Suimei was only getting hotter watching them fight like that.

“...So the pool was just a trick, huh? All I see is something super

dangerous. Swords, swords, and more swords...”

“No, Suimei-dono! You are being too hasty! Lefille and Hatsumi-sama

are just having a bout; the pool is somewhere else!”

When a disheartened Suimei slumped his shoulders and began

grumbling, Felmenia reassured him that the pool was quite real. Meanwhile,

the duel in the open space in front of the house—live steel and all—

continued. Lefille took a stance with her large sword held aloft, and in

response, Hatsumi lowered her long katana to the ground. There was a

moment’s pause. And then, without any warning, they both lunged at each

other.

“HAH!”

“HYAH!”

A series of remarkably loud metallic clangs rang through the alleyway.

Hatsumi was defending herself with her katana while Lefille was trying to

create an opening by striking it repeatedly. Lefille’s heavy sword eventually

won out, knocking Hatsumi’s katana to the side. However, Hatsumi was

shrewd. She wasn’t just the daughter of the fourth seat of the Sword of

Swords—she was a worthy swordswoman in her own right. Her blade

knocked aside, she took a graceful step to move with it, maintaining a

fighting posture all the while.

“Hmm... How about this, then?”

“Your katana... It’s...”

Lefille began swinging her sword anew at a different angle. But

something was different this time... There was no longer the loud, gong-like

sound of clashing metal. She could see the katana with her eyes—it should

have been there—but whenever she struck at it with her oversized blade,

she couldn’t hit it at all.

“So this is your technique?” Lefille asked, her face contorting as she

racked her brain.

“It is,” Hatsumi replied with a bold smile.

The reason their swords appeared to be crossing each other but never

actually made contact was because of Hatsumi’s Phantom Sword of the

Kurikara Dharani techniques. Just like the name “Phantom Sword” implied,

her blade was a bewitching, ethereal one. If her opponent relied entirely on

their mortal sight, they would be misled. They would be too focused on the

wrong things. Where the blade was going rather than where it really was,