At least for the time being, it seemed that what Suimei was saying was

getting across to Mizuki. That said, she was none too pleased about Suimei

showing her up in the obscure knowledge department and folded her arms

in displeasure.

“Wait a sec, i-is that even a thing?! Unfair! That’s totally unfair!”

“Shut up! Don’t make a fuss over every little thing! Besides, there’s no

such thing as fair and unfair when it comes to magicka!”

There, Reiji spoke up with a serious expression.

“Then, Suimei... We can’t defeat that thing using the method Mizuki

suggested, right? What should we...”

“Forget that for now! It’s coming right at us!”

When Suimei looked in the direction Mizuki was suddenly pointing,

though it was relatively slow, he saw the golem was closing in on them at a

steady pace. Reiji once more charged in to engage it, but there was still no

effect when he struck it with his sword.

“Shit, whipping out such a bothersome piece of crap... And ‘God is

dead’? What’s with that? Nietzsche? Gimme a break. Is this supposed to be

the übermensch?”

Suimei ran through his thoughts in a grumbling fashion, and he

continued to let his gears turn as he watched Reiji tangle with the golem.

Last time it was Ars Combinatoria, and this time it’s a golem mimicking

the übermensch? What the crap...? What’s going on here? None of this

clicks together...

The caster who created the golem was likely the mirage man who’d

appeared in the Alliance. Suimei had had a guess as to his identity, but this

seemed to throw a wrench in the gears. Yet even so, if he used Ars

Combinatoria which was descended from Ars Magna Raimundi, then there

should really only be one possibility...

“No, I get it. If it’s influenced by Nietzsche, then it has to be relatively

modern... Is that why it’s incorporating that?”

While Suimei continued mumbling to himself, Mizuki was starting to

grow worried about their prospects in this situation.

“S-Suimei-kun, Suimei-kun! What about, um, backing up Reiji-kun or

something?”

“Nah, that wouldn’t help— Yo, Reiji! Get away from that thing for a

bit!”

Suimei shouted loudly at Reiji, who was also racking his brains about

how to cope with the golem. He quickly complied and fell back, however,

when he heard Suimei’s voice. Since the attacks from his glowing

orichalcum sword weren’t working, he must have also understood that there

was no point in continuing this way. Suimei also fell back, carrying both

himself and Mizuki to some cover. Before long, Reiji came jumping over to

join them. Crouching down as low as they could, they put their heads

together in a secret huddle.

“What a thing for Duke Hadorious to bring out...”

“No, it wasn’t him. Its master is probably somewhere else—that’ll be

the guy who did it.”

“So someone else is involved?”

“Yeah, as we thought, that asshole is connected to those stupid Universal

Apostles. On top of that, the spell used to create that trash heap isn’t from

this world.”

As Suimei had noted, there were certainly golems in this world, but the

one currently marauding in Hadorious’s courtyard was different. The

Hebrew on its forehead was proof enough. When it had first appeared,

Suimei had also caught wind of a strange mana presence—one unlike the

people of this world. It was likely that man was watching the fight between

Reiji and Hadorious from somewhere nearby, and had sent the golem out

when it looked like Hadorious was at a disadvantage.

“Suimei, Mizuki was right when she said that thing was a golem, right?”

“Yup.”

“Of course I was! I mean, look at it! It totally looks like a golem! It

couldn’t be anything but a golem!”

Mizuki both proudly and defiantly folded her arms. Suimei found her

innocent attitude rather cute, but he had other things to focus on right now.

Namely...

“Yeah, that’s a genuine golem. The one that comes up in the Old

Testament, the invincible giant brought into being by a rabbi.”

“Invincible?”

“Giant?”

When the two of them questioningly repeated his words, Suimei nodded

back at them. He then glanced over at the golem, which seemed to have

stopped moving. Without any immediate targets, it was likely just idling.

The reason it wasn’t assertively coming after them was probably because,

just as Hadorious said, this was a bout. In other worlds, they were only

testing the abilities of the hero and his companions. As Suimei was

pondering that, Mizuki turned to Reiji.

“Reiji-kun, what was attacking it like?”

“W-Well... Even when I put all my strength into my swings, I didn’t feel

any feedback. It hardly felt like hitting anything at all, much less something

hard.”

“Exactly.”

“Huh?”

“I said it just now, but that thing is invincible. If you felt feedback, that

would imply there was a reaction. In other words, impact and shock. So if

you felt none of that, it means that one centimeter or even one millimeter

before you hit it, your strike was being suspended in the air.”

“Wh-What?! Does that mean that nothing’s going to work on it?!”

“No, it’s not that serious. But I doubt any regular attacks will do any

good. If we want to do some real damage, we’ll have to compromise its

invincibility before attacking.”

“Do what...?”

“Yup, that’s just how special it is.”

Indeed, this golem was special. If it were any normal golem, they would

have plenty of options. But this one was close to the original. And on top of

that, if it was imitating the übermensch, then it meant that no human would

ever be able to compare to it. Nietzsche had said that man must fall for the

sake of the übermensch, meaning this golem was designed to have men fall

before it.

Since twilight syndrome denied the existence of eternity, there was no

such thing as immortality. One day, anything and everything would meet its

destined ruined. By extension, there was also no such thing as true

invincibility.

“But it’s a damn pain that it’s so close to it... Fundamentally, everything

we try and do will end up nullified.”

Mizuki’s expression clouded over with unease upon hearing that grim

prediction.

“How are we supposed to compromise its invincibility if everything we

do ends up nullified?”

“No, if we can compromise that, everything’s fair game.”

“I see... So there’s some hope, huh?”

Even if it was only a little, Mizuki looked relieved. Reiji then turned his

gaze on Suimei too. It was a reassuring, straightforward, refreshing, strong

gaze that could bewitch anybody’s heart. And naturally, there was only one

reason he was looking at Suimei that way.

“Suimei, Mizuki and I have no idea what we’re doing here. I want you

to teach us how to defeat that thing.”

“Yeah, I got it.”

Suimei replied with a light smile as if telling him not to worry, and

Mizuki laughed with a broad grin.

“It’s your job to come up with the strategy, after all. Right, Suimei-

kun?”

“That’s right. Heh, it kinda feels like we’re back to old times.”

“That’s just a nice way of saying we get caught up in way too much

troublesome crap. Have mercy, you guys...”

In response to his friends’ laughter, Suimei looked somewhere between

exasperated and exhausted. But they were right. The tactical role naturally

fell on Suimei, so he pulled himself together and began explaining. Taking a

small twig in his hand, he whipped it about like a pointer as he spoke.

“Looking at that Hebrew word on the golem’s forehead, there’s no

mistaking that it’s something from our world. And if it’s moving around

without the help of trust, for the most part, that means it is relying on

ruach.”

“Ruach?”

“That’s the Holy Spirit! It’s the Holy Spirit, right?!”

Reiji was completely lost on the subject, but the word seemed to conjure

something in Mizuki. She excitedly waved her hand in the air like she knew

the answer.

“No, not quite. Mizuki, the Holy Spirit you’re thinking of is ruach

kadosh.”

“Whaaat?”

“The ruach I’m talking about certainly does come up in the Old

Testament, but... Here it’s referring to the original meaning of the Hebrew

word, or the many ruachs. The golem is modeled after a clay doll, but by

breathing ruach carrying a rabbi’s wisdom into its nose, it is given the

ability to breathe like a living being. It can also move around.”

Ruach was something like the power of magicians. Strictly speaking, it

was categorized as mana containing a spell or a charm, and used breath to

give orders. There were also golems that were powered strictly by power

words like “emet,” but when a standalone golem was powered in such a

way, it became a mostly unintelligent doll that didn’t know how to take

commands. One powered with ruach, however, could be as intelligent as a

living being.

“Hey, hey, Suimei-kun. This is super late, but...”

“What?”

“How do you know this stuff?”

It really was a late question, and Suimei was unable to stop the sigh that

came in response.

“That’ll have to wait.”

“Mm, that will have to come later, huh?”

“Y-You two... That’s mean...”

As Suimei and Reiji flatly denied her any explanation, a teary-eyed

Mizuki groaned. Reiji then seemed to turn his thoughts to coming up with

his own way of defeating the golem.

“To make a robot stop moving, you need to do something about its legs

or cut its motor... We need to pull the plug, basically, and do something

about its energy source.”

“But as long as it is invincible, you won’t be able to hurt its legs or even

attack its ruach directly. You can’t just put something heavy on it or

physically bind it to get it to stop moving, either. No, the first thing we have

to do is make its existence inconsistent.”

“Wait, wait, Suimei-kun! Hang on! It still has a talisman, right? So can’t

we just do something about that?”

“That also won’t work.”

“Why not?”

“I mean, it’s obvious... Like just now, it’s the first thing anyone would

think of.”

“Huwah?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, duh. Literally, it’s the first thing anyone would think of. Do you

really think they wouldn’t take countermeasures against that? The first thing

a magician would do is make absolutely sure you can’t just rip the talisman

off, and then they’d shore up the defenses in that area just to be safe. Also...

That’s right. Just like certain movies, it could be treated like a microwave

oven or an ally’s body or something.”

“A booby trap, you mean...”

“Bingo. The moment you put your hand on it, BANG! That might even

by why something as obvious as ‘מת–אל’ is carved there—it’s a trap.”

Suimei pressed the twig he’d been holding against his forehead and

pantomimed an exploding motion. The conversation reached a lull there,

and Suimei immersed himself in thought.

“Think, Suimei... You’ve already got all the hints you’re going to get. It

shouldn’t be that hard to defeat it. The real target isn’t the golem. It isn’t the

motor behind the golem’s movements, either. It’s what defines its existence,

the very idea that powers it. ‘God is dead.’ Those are Nietzsche’s words,

and if that thing is the personification of the übermensch who slights the

existence of God, it means it’s the avatar of an ideology advocating the

rejection of God. There is no truth or good or evil in the world; only by

living selfishly can the übermensch be created. Living properly in

accordance with God’s teachings isn’t the true meaning of living properly.

Disperse those that would stop you. Trample over the poor and needy.