seemed they were on the same page about something.

“Um, I’ll cut straight to the point,” said Lefille. “Reiji-kun, we were

wondering if you’re angry with Suimei-kun.”

“If I’m angry with Suimei?”

“Um, this is concerning Suimei-dono keeping the fact that he’s a

magician secret from you. We were wondering if that might be bothering

you.”

“Aah...”

It was there that the lightbulb came on. The girls were worried that this

had affected his relationship with Suimei. He looked at them to answer, but

his thoughts were called back to the modern world once more.

“Back home—in our world—I stuck my nose into dangerous stuff all the

time. I did all kinds of crazy things. Whenever I see someone in trouble, I

just can’t help myself. I have to do something. And because of that, I ended

up dragging Suimei and Mizuki who were always with me into a lot of

trouble... There were plenty of times I ended up saved by some weird

phenomenon or unexplainable coincidence. And I’m only realizing now that

it was Suimei saving me all that time.”

Waxing nostalgic, Reiji started to ramble a little bit, but his point was

clear. When he thought back on it, there were lots of things he couldn’t

explain—lots of things that he now knew had to be magicka. They’d been

surrounded by hoodlums once who all collapsed to the ground for no

reason. Whenever yakuza shot at them, the bullets always missed. That one

swindler just happened to turn himself in. The list went on and on.

“The fact that he kept it a secret for so long is kind of a bummer, but

there are rules about these things in our world, apparently. I understand why

he did it. Really, I know I should be thanking him for everything he’s

done... After all we went through, I’m surprised he didn’t just up and

abandon me.”

“But didn’t he basically do that at the royal castle?”

“Accepting a part in the war against the demons was something I did

without consulting either him or Mizuki. He had every right to stay behind.

Friends don’t let friends fight demon lords, am I right? He tried to stop me

for my own good. And besides, it’s not like he wasn’t going to tell us when

he found a way back to our world.”

“That’s rather extreme, though.”

“That may be, but...”

In short, Reiji had rushed into the subjugation. High on the idea that he

was chosen, he mistakenly believed he could do anything. Suimei had

called him out for it, but hadn’t stood in his way. And it went the other way,

too. Suimei had things he wanted to do, and Reiji knew that he didn’t have

any right to stop him.

“It’s not like Suimei wasn’t helping. He was just doing things his own

way and at his own pace. And when we met again in the imperial capital, he

welcomed us with open arms. So... isn’t that enough?”

“What a good friend...”

“He’s wasted... on Suimei.”

Lefille was smiling, but Liliana had no mercy. That in itself was a sign

of just how much she’d come to open up. Suimei taught her not to hold

back.

“But what about you, Lefille-san? I heard that you and Suimei fled Astel

together, but...”

“No, that’s not quite right. We didn’t run away together; Suimei-kun

saved me.”

After hearing Lefille’s answer, Reiji casually turned his gaze over to

Felmenia.

“My case is a little peculiar... I picked a fight with Suimei-dono and had

the tables completely turned on me.”

“Wh-What? You mean you fought against Suimei?!”

“Yes, back at Castle Camellia. Um, I found Suimei-dono’s actions to be

suspicious, so I followed him one night unaware that I was actually being

lured in.”

“Wh-When did that happen...?”

“One, maybe two weeks after you and your friends arrived, Reiji-dono.

Is it that surprising?”

“Honestly, Sensei, you don’t strike me as the type to pick a fight like

that.”

“At that time, I, um... It’s rather embarrassing, but I was arrogant to a

fault. I believe you may have seen it for yourself, Reiji-dono.”

“Aah, now that you mention it...”

Reiji recalled a certain incident. When Felmenia was chosen to be the

hero’s magic instructor, she’d gotten rather high and mighty with a senior

court mage. Her speech then was nowhere near as polite as it was now.

Reiji personally hadn’t thought much of it, but looking back on it, maybe it

was a sign of something.

“Sebastian took advantage of that arrogance and led me to believe that

Suimei-dono was a bad man. But after Suimei-dono defeated me, we

worked together to defeat Sebastian.”

Felmenia sounded rather embarrassed about the first half of that

declaration, but rather proud of the second half. It seemed to trigger

something in Lefille.

“I-I also defeated a demon general together with Suimei-kun!”

“B-But I was the first to team up with him!”

“Unlike you, Lady Felmenia, I never fought with him!”

“You’re lying! I heard that you had a little spat!”

Witnessing their increasingly loud quarrel, Reiji suddenly began

laughing. Felmenia and Lefille both stopped bickering and tilted their heads

quizzically to the side.

“I see Suimei is just as popular as ever.”

“What?”

“Pardon?”

Though they’d been shouting in each other’s faces a second ago, their

attention completely shifted to Reiji. It only seemed to take a few moments

for them to realize the meaning behind his words.

“Um, based on what you just said, Reiji-dono, it sounded like you meant

to imply that Suimei-dono has women who are interested in him even in

your world, but...”

“Just what does this mean, Reiji-kun?”

“It means what it sounds like. Even back home, Suimei had girls coming

to see him all the time. His childhood friend... Actually, you already met

Kuchiba-san, but there was also that foreign girl, that other foreign girl,

and...”

Hearing this, Liliana’s lone sleepy-looking eye grew especially narrow

at the shadiness of it all.

“Suimei... is a blockhead.”

“Good grief, I agree completely. That man needs to get stabbed by

someone already. Hmph.”

Even Io Kuzami chimed in with some bitter words. She was particularly

harsh, but even Reiji hesitated to defend Suimei under the circumstances.

On the other hand, as for Lefille and Felmenia...

“Regarding this matter, I believe we should hear it from him in detail.”

“I agree. Let’s work together to corner him.”

Despite fighting just earlier, they were now clasping each other’s hands

and agreeing to work together. With their alliance, Suimei probably

wouldn’t stand a chance.

“Everyone... we’re almost... at Kurant City.”

Drawn by Liliana’s announcement, Reiji looked out the window towards

their destination. The gates of Kurant City and the line of people waiting to

get in were coming into sight. They would be there any minute now.

“If I remember the plan right, we’re going to enter just like this, right?”

“Yes. After getting through... we’ll find an opportunity... to meet up with

Suimei’s group.”

Shortly thereafter, the carriage made it to the gate, and because they’d

made arrangements beforehand, they were immediately welcomed through.

They were officially in the city to pay a visit, and with that excuse as cover,

everything proceeded much more smoothly than they’d expected. Once on

the other side of the gate, everyone disembarked. After spending so long in

the cramped carriage, the wide open plaza and clear sky were especially

refreshing.

“I wonder where Suimei is...”

Saying that, Reiji began glancing about. Lefille turned a wicked grin his

way.

“Oh my. Is Reiji-kun not worried about Her Highness Titania at all?”

“Eh? N-No, I’m also worried about Tia!”

“Hmph, instead of you always worrying about that tomboy princess, I

would rather like that you show some concern for me.”

“No, um...”

Even Io Kuzami jumped on board with Lefille’s teasing. And in order to

keep this increasingly awkward topic from progressing any further, Reiji

spoke out in a somewhat loud voice.

“Th-This also applies to Suimei’s group, but is it really alright to come

in contact with them like this?!”

“Don’t worry. Both Lady Felmenia and I are here.”

“Now, Reiji-dono, let us go.”

Felmenia pointed towards an opening between buildings.

“That way is... An alley?”

“Reiji-kun, there will be no surveillance on the backstreets. To avoid

being seen, we should move quickly.”

“I see.”

Seemingly convinced, Reiji nodded and then led them all into the alley.

They could already sense two presences following after them. It seemed

their suspicions were right and Hadorious already had spies observing their

every move. Liliana served as the group’s rearguard and cast a spell behind

them once they were well into the alleyway. She was gone a while before

coming back.

“With that... we’re good.”

“Did you do something?”

Liliana held up her index and middle fingers in the shape of a V with a

self-satisfied look on her face. To save her the words, Felmenia answered

Reiji’s question in her stead.

“Concealment magicka. Even if the observers find us now, they won’t

pay us any mind. Suimei-dono said it would be like becoming mere pebbles

on the side of the road, though I don’t particularly understand the

analogy...”

“Aah...”

Hearing her explanation, Reiji recalled a secret item from a certain

famous anime that made the wearer unnoticeable to others. Frankly, it was

an outrageous stealth weapon, so being able to mimic that power gave Reiji

a glimpse into just how ridiculous magicka really was.

“All that’s left is to find Suimei and the others then, huh? I wonder

where they are.”

With that, Reiji turned to exit the alleyway and start looking when, all of

a sudden...

“Meow.”

Liliana began imitating a cat. It was as though she was trying to call out

for them like one would with birds, or perhaps she’d just broken down into

a childish fit of animal noises. Reiji had no idea. And it didn’t stop.

“Meow, meow, meow.”

“U-Um, Liliana-chan?”

“Meeeow.”

“What...?”

As Liliana continued meowing, Reiji couldn’t hide his bewilderment. He

knew she loved cats, but this was incredible. Was she just bored? Was it

some kind of ritual? He gave up on trying to figure it out and turned to

Lefille, who was standing next to him.

“Ummm, Lefille-san, what exactly...”

“Isn’t it cute?”

In response to Reiji’s unasked question, Lefille beckoned like she was

calling over a cat. She was smiling warmly too, almost like she was

watching a small child play. It was there that Io Kuzami joined in.

“Verily, it is quite cute. As expected of a disciple of mine. She possesses

sufficient cuteness and adorability,” she said, nodding repeatedly like she

was satisfied.

If that was all the two of them had to say about it, was Liliana really just

playing? Up until now, she’d been acting in perfect accordance with their

mission without missing a single step along the way. So not only did this

meowing frenzy seem to be completely out of character, it left Reiji

completely bewildered. As his expression twisted in puzzlement, Lefille

cracked an impish smile.

“It’s a joke, Reiji-kun. This was probably the plan they decided on