“This is definitely no good... But it’s also so very Suimei-kun.”

“Suimei-dono, I am sorry, but I cannot defend you here...”

“Dummy! I told you he’s a dummy!”

“Ugh...”

Hearing the others shower Suimei with criticism, Mizuki joined in. Reiji

was the only one who took a lighthearted approach to the situation.

“Haha, come on, Suimei. Don’t be so serious.”

“Shut it, you. Must be nice to awaken sparkly new powers out of

nowhere and have it easy.”

Suimei had never expected Reiji to whip out the Sacrament’s power at

the eleventh hour and achieve an exceptional level up. He now had an

artifact in addition to the Goddess’s power. It felt like it was getting kind of

cheaty. However, Reiji didn’t seem to think so. His expression clouded over

somewhat at the mere mention of it.

“I don’t really think I had it all that easy though...”

“Even though you’re now able to use that ridiculous power?”

“...Am I really hearing this from you, Suimei? After that stunt you

pulled?”

Reiji pointed a reproachful gaze on the hypocritical Suimei, but it hardly

sounded like there was any energy in his voice. Deep within Reiji’s eyes,

Suimei could see that he was brooding over something.

“Hey, Reiji, what’s wrong? You’ve got no pep to you, you know?”

“Nothing. There’s just something on my mind.”

“Something on your mind?”

And Suimei had an idea of what that something was.

“You worried about what that guy said? That’s just a common

psychological scare tactic, you know? I don’t think it’s something you

actually need to worry about.”

“That’s probably true, but it’s still sticking around in the back of my

mind.”

Suimei was referring to Gottfried’s warning about Reiji losing himself to

the Goddess. Suimei didn’t personally quite know what to make of it either.

The subjugation of the Demon Lord had been foisted onto them so

quickly... It was entirely possible the heroes had been manipulated or toyed

with. Thinking about it that way, Suimei felt like there was plenty of cause

for concern, and he could only imagine it was that much worse for the

person in question...

“As I thought, you should go back too. Come back home and smell the

roses, and you’ll feel better in no time.”

“I’m sure I will, but...”

“This may sound strange coming from me, but rest is important, isn’t it?

I had a chance to relax before heading off to Kurant City and it made a

world of difference. It was all thanks to Menia, actually.”

“Saying it was all thanks to me is a little... Eeheehee.”

Felmenia started chuckling with a dopey smile on her face. Ignoring her,

Suimei focused on Reiji.

“So come on. Let’s go back for now, okay?”

“I understand what you’re saying, but I still have to stay behind. If we

go too, there might not be enough forces here to stop it if something serious

goes down.”

“But you know...”

“Sorry. Let me be selfish here.”

Reiji was being much more stubborn than Suimei had expected. Was he

just that worried about this world? That was probably part of it, but Suimei

couldn’t help wondering if this was related to what Gottfried had said. But

as long as Reiji had made up his mind, there was no point in trying to

dissuade him.

“Yeah, okay... If you’re sure, then it would be unfair of me to argue,

huh?”

“Mm. Thanks for understanding.”

Reiji gave his best friend a smile. Suimei nodded, then turned to the

still-pouting Mizuki.

“Mizuki, are you sure about this? You don’t want to go back either?”

“I’m staying. Reiji-kun is staying, so I’m staying.”

“Sorry.”

“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”

Mizuki offered the apologetic Reiji a smile, and Suimei spoke once

more.

“Everything is back to normal, so I think it’s a good time to go back

though.”

Suimei wasn’t sure what was wrong with his casual remark, but

Mizuki’s face suddenly went pale. It took him a second, a second longer...

And then it clicked. He quickly averted his gaze and apologized when he

realized what had Mizuki so horrified.

“Er, sorry... Forget what I said.”

“Enough! Please, I don’t want your sympathy!”

Covering her face with both her hands, Mizuki hung her head. The

source of that sorrow was, obviously, that. Suimei and Reiji knew exactly

what that was and didn’t say anything more, but naturally, those who didn’t

know of Mizuki’s past in detail were curious.

“What is it, Mizuki? Is Io Kuzami, Holy King of the Heavens, all that

bad?” asked Graziella.

“We had some hardships, but Io Kuzami-dono saved us more than once.

I also do not have all that bad of an impression of her,” echoed Titania.

Since they didn’t know that the Holy King of the Heavens “Io Kuzami”

was part of a past Mizuki wanted to forget, their attempts at being

considerate only came off as cruel. Meanwhile, Mizuki being Mizuki, she

started hyperventilating as she repeatedly breathed in and out. And even as

she was doing that, the two girls continued to try and console here when the

really should have just stopped...

“Io Kuzami’s magic was—”

“Mizuki, there is nothing to be ashamed of about being possessed—”

“NOOOOOOOOOOO! Graziella-san! Tia! For the love of god, don’t

unravel any more of my BLACK HISTORYYYYY!”

Unable to bear it any longer, Mizuki burst into tears at her wits’ end.

“No? But you played such a great role...”

“Yes, you did.”

“Great role?! What role?! Just what did I do?!”

Mizuki begged for answers, but Graziella and Titania...

“Um, you see...”

“That’s, well...”

“Don’t avert your eyes now! All your persuasive power vanished at

once!”

And while that was going on, Reiji looked towards Suimei with a bitter

smile.

“Hey, Suimei’s got a pretty good impression.”

“Hold the phone, Reiji! Don’t you dare put me the spot like that!”

“No, no, I heard it myself back at the encampment. You had that

maniacal laugh and everything.”

There, Mizuki hit her limit. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she

collapsed on the spot, frothing at the mouth.

“Stop... Don’t dig it up... If you don’t stop, I’ll die. I’ll just die...”

Realizing the extremity of the situation, Suimei knew things really

would get bad if they didn’t change the subject.

“Well, whatever... It’s about time I activate it.”

“Wait a sec, Suimei! Are you running away?!”

“I’m not running or anything, I just have to go—so bye! Be nice to

Mizuki while I’m gone!”

“Wait, you coward!”

As Reiji yelled at him, Suimei stuck out his tongue at him and urged

Felmenia on.

“Menia, I’ll leave the assistance up to you. Let’s get going before it gets

weird, alright?”

“Y-Yes, leave it to me.”

Ignoring that things had already gotten weird, Suimei and Felmenia

activated the magicka circle together. Selphy, who was there to see Hatsumi

off, waved to her.

“Have a safe trip, Hatsumi.”

“Yeah. Once I finish what I need to do over there, I’ll come right back.

Give my regards to Gaius and Weitzer in the meantime.”

In complete contrast to the other exchanges taking place, the mood

between them was rather calm and gentle. Reiji finally relented when he

saw the magicka circle beginning to glow, and turned a much softer look on

Suimei too.

“Take care. I know I’m imposing a bit, but I’m leaving things on that

side to you.”

“Suimei-kun, you should know already, but you better bring me a

souvenir! How good it is will determine the number of apologies you owe

me!”

“Yeah, yeah, I got it.”

Both sides—both on and off the magicka circle—waved goodbye to one

another. And before long, Suimei and the others were swallowed by a blue

beam of light that would carry them all the way from this strange world to

the strange modern world of Planet Earth.

Afterword

It’s been a while, everyone! Gamei Hitsuji here.

I’d like to offer my sincerest apologies for making everyone wait so long

this time... Er, I mean, making you wait so long again. I’m sorry every time

it happens.

In any case, our story this time around is the swimsuit edition as well as

Suimei-kun and Reiji-kun’s first tag battle. Also, there’s Reiji-kun’s second

stage awakening! Of note other than that, this is my first volume with a new

editor. I suggested maybe doing a swimsuit story to the illustrator Ao

Nekonabe-sensei, who immediately retorted, “I think the editor will

definitely reject that, right?!” (Ha!)

Anyway, the enemy this time around is the guy everyone wants to

punch, Duke Hadorious. Mizuki also makes a return and goes back to being

dead weight. And then, and then, there’s the impossible arrival of a golem!

(Cool, right?) This time it’s a golem exhausting the techniques of the

Kabbalah, which ends up being quite a troublesome enemy, huh?

I know that we’re all probably sick of enemies that show up and end up

being small fries or standard fare, but I felt like writing about a Kabbalah

golem... so I made it a little extra powerful.

This time around, I also touched on Christianity and Nietzsche. These

things aren’t my personal philosophies, they’re just here to set the stage and

heat up the story, so don’t read too much into that. Take them as the

philosophies of the characters in this world.

It’s not like it’s completely off the mark, really, but in the end, it seems

like it gives off an absurd impression, so...

Now then, next time we’ll be rushing into the long-awaited modern day

arc! Look forward to it!

But for now, let me offer my thanks. To my new editor Y-sama, the

illustrator Ao Nekonabe-sama, the designer cao-sama, and the proofreading

company Oraido-sama, thank you all so very much.

-Gamei Hitsuji

Table of Contents

Cover

Color Illustrations