In Kurant City, Suimei and the others managed to accomplish their goal

of rescuing Elliot. And after confronting Hadorious and Gottfried, they

knew they stood a good chance of fighting them... but were faced to retreat

when the opportunity eluded them. It felt like a defeat, and the group of

them so returned to the imperial capital.

They were all stewing on the happenings at Hadorious’s mansion in their

own way, though no one seemed brave enough to dare a word on the

subject. But once they were back in the capital, they all gathered at Suimei’s

base. They were joined by Elliot and Christa, and even Graziella, who had

finished up with her post-combat obligation.

“I truly cannot thank you enough.”

Attired in her religious robes, Christa humbly lowered her head before

Suimei and Reiji. She was disheartened over having to stay behind and wait

for their return, but when Elliot came back safely, her heart was quite

relieved.

“Yes, we ended up causing you quite a bit of trouble this time, so I

would also like to show you my gratitude. Thank you.”

Elliot also offered his thanks as he went around shaking everyone’s

hands. He eventually came to Reiji.

“In any event, I’m glad you’re alright, Elliot.”

“I’m in your debt. I will repay you properly and in full one day, so do

call on me if you need anything.”

“Haha, it was the other way around last time, so let’s just call it even.”

“That will not do! It would tarnish my honor if allowed my debts to go

unpaid. Besides, the one who owes me for that is not you, but—”

Elliot stopped there and turned a grudging gaze towards Suimei.

“What? Don’t I get a handshake?”

“What’s that? You want to shake hands with me?”

“Yeah, you’re right, I’ll pass. Maybe if you were a cute girl...”

“Hmm? Despite looking like you have no immunity to women, you’d

say such a thing? Could it be that you’re forcing yourself?”

“Shut it! Sorry ’bout that!”

Elliot sneered a little, but Suimei shrugged his shoulders. Elliot then

regained his composure and shook his head sullenly.

“But to think that you would be the one to save me... This must be the

biggest blunder of my life.”

“Sure is, pal. With this, we’re even over that thing with Reiji, you hear?”

“You really do have an uncouth way of speaking.”

“Shut it, prettyboy. Unlike you, I was raised normally.”

There, Elliot and Suimei began trading insults. Elliot had more to say

with his aloof attitude than Suimei did with his foul-mouthed sharp tongue,

but judging that this would never come to an end on its own, Reiji

intervened.

“Now, now, both of you, let’s leave it at that and move on to the main

event.”

“You’re right. I must say I’m quite curious about this.”

“It is the reason we all gathered here today.”

Elliot and Suimei both seemed amenable to the change in topic, and the

group collectively walked over to the far end of the open space outside of

Suimei’s house. It was the same place where Felmenia had constructed the

pool previously, but right now, rather than a large water tank, there was a

large magicka circle on the ground. Graziella had only heard about Elliot’s

rescue so far, so she squatted down in front of the magicka circle and gazed

at it with deep interest.

“This is... the magic circle to return you to your world, is it?”

She must have investigated similar formulas before, because she

identified it almost immediately. Graziella read through the magickal

inscriptions in the circle and reached out to touch it. The one to respond to

her, naturally, was Suimei.

“Yup. So don’t go taking advantage of the fact that I’ll be away to

tamper with it or erase it, you hear me?”

“You’re the shrewd man who came up with this. You’ve already

established a way to come and go, no?”

“Well, yeah.”

When Suimei had completed the magicka circle of returning, he’d made

a mental note of the coordinates so that he could come and go as he pleased.

If he’d simply relied on the magicka circle remaining undisturbed even

outdoors, he likely would have been stranded. And to prevent exactly that

from happening, he had to set up several failsafes, some of which were

quite troublesome.

“But I honestly never thought the pool would give me the last piece of

the puzzle I needed...”

“We must thank Lady Felmenia for that.”

“Yeah, but it’s kinda ironic.”

Felmenia was the one who summoned them to this world, and she’d also

been the one to complete the picture for them to return home. Suimei didn’t

know quite what to say about it. But upon hearing Lefille say she deserved

thanks, Felmenia...

“Suimei-dono! Please praise me!”

She wagged her tail and bounced up and down like an excited puppy.

Suimei gave a fed-up sigh.

“Hey, I praised you plenty already, didn’t I? Is it still not enough?”

“Heehee, I think once a day would be perfectly fine. Simple praise will

cost you nothing—rather, it will yield you a profit.”

Suimei didn’t quite know what he’d be making a profit off of, but he

was already quite sick of thanking her about ten times a day.

“Yeah, yeah, thanks a lot... As one would expect of the great White

Flame Felmenia-sama...”

“Hmph, that is far too halfhearted!”

Felmenia flailed her arms about wildly upon not getting her way. After

Suimei’s identity as a magician was revealed, it seemed she was no longer

concerned about appearances in front of the others, and quite often let her

inner child shine through in moments like this.

“Well, anyhoo... Hey, cheer up already, will you, Mizuki?”

Setting aside Felmenia for the moment, Suimei turned to Mizuki who

was in a full-fledged pout. Her cheeks were puffed out as far as they could

go.

“Hmph! Suimei-kun, you dummy! Idiot, moron, jerk! Just blow up a

spell and drop dead already!”

Indeed, Anou Mizuki could hardly contain her resentment. Hearing it,

however, Felmenia spoke up in a somewhat bitter tone.

“Mizuki-dono, that would be somewhat problematic... We are going

along with him, after all.”

“I don’t care. I’m sure he can blow just himself up with pinpoint

accuracy.”

As Mizuki insisted that Suimei should meet a terrible fate, this time

Lefille was the one to fold her arms and speak up in a troubled tone.

“But still, if that happens, we wouldn’t be able to return anymore...”

“I still don’t care! In fact, I don’t even care what it is! I hope something

horrible happens to him—and only him!”

Suimei let out a grand sigh upon realizing Mizuki’s mood was showing

no signs of improving. After the fight at Hadorious’s mansion, the

mysterious spirit hadn’t returned and Mizuki was back to her usual self.

Suimei had then had to confess he was a magician, and this was the result.

It was predictable, really. The day he’d told her, she naturally didn’t

listen to anything else he said on the carriage ride back. In fact, she’d only

just started talking to him again a few hours ago. The fact that he’d kept

being a magician a secret for so long... Or was she just angry that he’d

rejected her chuuni heart all this time? He’d been monopolizing cool stuff

and hiding it from her, and that was unacceptable. It was apparently an

offense punishable by death, and for that, Suimei had been apologizing

nonstop.

“That’s why I said I’m sorry. Come on, forgive me already...”

“Shut it! Keep apologizing to me! Until you die! No, forever!”

“That’s a little...”

“Ugh, you jerk! Meanie, scrooge, buttmunch!”

After disparaging him like a child, Mizuki once more went back to

pouting. When she fell quiet, Elliot turned to Suimei again.

“So, are you going now?”

“Yeah. We’re headed back to clear up some anxieties that have been

building for a while.”

“Yeah, like school...”

“And friends...”

“Mm, and our families...”

Hearing Suimei talk about building anxieties, the ones who reacted were

none other than Reiji, Mizuki, and Hatsumi. There were things they were all

worried about... Things they’d actually been trying not to think about until

just now. What would await them back home? It was difficult to imagine.

And while they were all contemplating this, Lefille spoke up.

“Sorry. We said that we would all go together, but I think I’ll stay

behind.”

“So suddenly...? What’s... wrong?”

Liliana opened her lone eye in surprise, but Lefille returned her a

determined expression.

“Nothing. I was just thinking I should pick up on the training I’ve been

missing out on.”

“You’re going to stay behind and train?”

“Yeah. If I’m going to take care of my own anxieties, I don’t think there

are any shortcuts. As a swordswoman, the only way for me to get stronger

is swing my sword.”

She had a very logical point, but Suimei disagreed.

“No, you should absolutely come along with us, Lefi.”

“Why is that?”

“Nothing big. I just think you should meet with the instructor.”

“Instructor?”

“My dad?”

Suimei nodded to both Lefille and Hatsumi in turn. The instructor

Suimei was talking about was Hatsumi’s father, and the head of the dojo

that Suimei went to. He stood at the peak of the Hundred Swords of the

Martial World, and was one of the Four Great Sages of the Arts—the Sword

of Four, Kuchiba Kiyoshiro. If Lefille really wanted to achieve greatness

with a sword, she definitely could stand to learn a thing or two from him.

“The instructor is one of the monsters from my father’s generation. I

think you’d probably get something out of even just talking to him.”

“I agree.”

Hatsumi, who had fought Lefille before, backed up Suimei. This seemed

to spark Lefille’s interest, and she turned to Hatsumi with a keen

expression.

“Lady Hatsumi’s father, is it? I’ve heard mention of him from time to

time, but... how strong is he really?”

“Come on...”

“Yeah, it’s hard to put into words...”

Suimei and Hatsumi both averted their eyes. The head of the Kuchiba

School of the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani, Kuchiba Kiyoshiro.

He was an uncommon swordsman who could perform the inhuman act of

cleaving a high-rise vertically with a single swing of a katana. He was so far

beyond simply “strong” that it was indeed difficult to articulate.

“So that’s how it is. You’re coming, Lefille. It’s already been decided”

“I got it, I got it.”

Grabbing Lefille’s arm, Suimei pulled her over to the magicka circle.

When he did, Felmenia hopped over with light steps as well and stood next

to him too.

“I am looking forward to seeing Suimei-dono’s world.”

Following after her, Liliana and Hatsumi also walked over.

“I’m also... looking forward... to seeing it.”

“We’ve got a ton of animals. When we get there, should we go to a

zoo?”

“A zoo...?”

“It’s a place where they raise all sorts of animals from all over the

world.”

Hearing Hatsumi say that, Liliana’s lone eye shot wide open and seemed

to sparkle. There was already a long list of places that she could think of

that she wanted to go. The zoo, pet shops, petting zoos, cat cafes, the works.

And while the girls were getting excited about their future prospects, there

was a single good-for-nothing who couldn’t read the room and dumped cold

water all over the mood.

“We’re not going there to play around. It’s fine to relax a little, but we’re

not going to be sightseeing. We’re going to—”

“Suimei, you’re... so thickheaded.”

“Yeah, Suimei. You’re as dense as bricks. Get a clue.”