“Is there a problem regarding what I’ve presented to you?”

“No, it’s about something else.”

There, Lishbaum seemed to get the hint and flashed a dark grin.

“In other words, you wish to ask me what happened that day, no?”

“That’s right. You seemed to know that human, so just what does that

mean?”

Ilzarl looked at Lishbaum through narrowed eyes, waiting for an answer.

He was asking Lishbaum about his relationship with Suimei, and Lishbaum

replied with a taunting smile. This, however, was the first Latora had heard

of it.

“Oh me, oh my! What’s this? You have a human acquaintance or

something?”

“Yes, well...”

Lishbaum admitted it readily. He then glanced up at the ceiling like he

was recalling something before continuing.

“Originally, I come from a different world, you see. But even there, I

was doing something similar.”

The first to reply was yet again Ilzarl.

“Something similar, huh? But this world you’re from didn’t have the

Goddess and the Evil God... In that case, you mean to say you were still

exterminating offerings?”

“Though the goal was different.”

“The goal was different? Is the extermination itself not the goal?”

“To me, that is only the means. In a sense, you could say that my true

goal is the antithesis of yours.”

The other generals failed to grasp the true meaning behind Lishbaum’s

cryptic words. Only Demon Lord Nakshatra laughed and nodded with a

knowing look.

“Hmph...” scoffed Ilzarl. “I don’t really think there’s anything for you to

gain through just exterminating the offerings.”

“No, that is not the case. From the very beginning, I never wanted

anything.”

Since the others present had never touched upon the many ideologies of

man, they would likely never understand.

“But alas, in the end, I was defeated by that man. Since I was attached to

another phase, I lost a fair amount of power and should have been buried

beyond the horizon of dimensions, but... Let us just say that I was fortunate

to be forced into the physical world. And that is how I am here now.”

Bringing that discussion to an end, Lishbaum turned the question on

Ilzarl.

“Now, what about you, Ilzarl-dono?”

“What about me?”

“The humans are meals to you. So by killing off your food source,

you’re really killing off yourself, aren’t you? So what is it that motivates

you to lend your power to Nakshatra-sama?”

It was certainly as Lishbaum said. As a maneater, cooperating with the

demons meant Ilzarl was intentionally helping to get rid of his own supply

of food. It was a completely nonsensical, contradictory act, yet he

responded with a composed air like he hardly considered it a problem.

“Food or not, with so much riffraff, aren’t they just an eyesore? If they

aren’t thinned out a little, they’ll just continue to be troublesome.”

“And so you’re cooperating with us to that end? You mentioned thinning

them out, but you do know we intend to annihilate them down to the last,

don’t you?”

“But that’s impossible.”

Moolah was the only one who wrinkled her brow at Ilzarl’s bold

declaration. But it was Lishbaum who questioned him.

“And why do you say that?”

“It’s nothing complicated. It’s just a matter of how gluttonous those

offerings are. Contrary to what you might expect, they’re incredibly

tenacious. Even if you kill some of them off, they just immediately surge

forth from somewhere else. No matter how much you reduce their numbers

and no matter how tightly you have them cornered, it happens every time.

And if your objective truly is to exterminate them, you should understand

that, shouldn’t you?”

So confronted by Ilzarl, Lishbaum narrowed his eyes like something had

just come to mind.

“...Certainly, you do have a point about those teeming roaches.”

Lishbaum ultimately conceded, but Moolah was furious. She held the

demons, particularly the Evil God and the Demon Lord, in the highest

regard. And belittling them was not something she could so easily pardon.

Somehow managing to suppress her urge to draw her sword on the spot, she

glared at the two of them as she raised her voice.

“Ilzarl, you bastard! How dare you deny the ambitions of our God in the

presence of Lord Nakshatra?!”

“What, did I touch a nerve? Despite putting on such composed airs,

you’re unexpectedly short-tempered.”

“You ingrate...”

Moolah channeled all of her intense bloodthirst at Ilzarl, who treated it

as if it were nothing but a gentle breeze. It would take far more than that to

intimidate him.

“It is fine, Moolah. Stand down. We united fronts with Ilzarl knowing

how he felt.”

“With all due respect, even without the likes of him, we would not fall

behind mere—”

“Can you truly say that you yourself wouldn’t? In reality, the majority of

those who used to occupy those empty seats thought the same. And yet they

fell to ‘mere humans,’ as you put it.”

“That only means that they were bad at their jobs.”

In response to Moolah’s lack of compassion for the defeated, Ilzarl

looked at her with a somewhat disappointed face.

“Are you saying you’re any different?”

“Do you wish to see for yourself?”

Taking his words as provocation, Moolah began to pull her sword from

its sheath. With the situation reaching critical mass, their fighting spirits met

in a violent clash that released visible sparks. Things were genuinely about

to get dangerous, and the one to raise their hand in mediation was

Nakshatra.

“Moolah, Ilzarl, that’s enough.”

Hearing the Demon Lord’s decree, Ilzarl turned a faint smile to Moolah.

“You heard her. So, what will you do, oh commander of the elite guard?

Will you defy Nakshatra’s will and fight me? I honestly don’t mind either

way.”

“...I’ll remember this.”

Glaring at him in annoyance, she returned her sword to its sheath. She

would not defy Nakshatra, but she was unable to suppress her hostility for

Ilzarl. Her fighting spirit and bloodthirst continued to rage. Seeing her so

worked up, Nakshatra offered a few words of condoling explanation.

“Moolah, to fulfill our ambitions, Ilzarl’s presence is necessary.”

“My lord, could you enlighten your poor ignorant subject as to why?”

With those words, Moolah once more knelt down before Nakshatra.

When she did, Nakshatra smirked a little.

“To compensate.”

“To... compensate?”

“That’s correct. All phenomena that occur and that are caused in this

world, without exception, will have slight deviations. If you do not have the

flexibility to take that into account and compensate for it, it will one day

spell your ruin.”

“That’s—”

“We won’t let you say otherwise, do you hear us? That is precisely why

the demons have gone so long without successfully achieving their goals.

Do you understand? Our little bundle of demons is especially weak to

unexpected phenomena.”

“Then, to compensate for that, Ilzarl was invited to join us?”

“Lishbaum as well. And in reality, they are doing fine work. Currently,

there are foreign interlopers on the enemy side that we would be unable to

deal with ourselves, and those two have become the power that restrains

them.”

“By foreign interlopers, you mean the four heroes?”

“Your field of vision is too narrow, commander of our elite guard... And

in that case, perhaps it would be best to have you face the humans

yourself.”

As Nakshatra muttered to herself, she glared over the other demon

generals who had already fought in such battles before seeming to reach

some kind of conclusion. She then raised her voice so that all could hear

her.

“We will now give our orders. First, Moolah. As Lishbaum informed

you earlier, you will be given additional troops as a demon general. You

may do as you have been until now, but you will no longer have the right to

refuse command of units. As such, you will take your current pawns and

push into the humans’ northern lands where they are shorthanded. If all

goes smoothly, those who are lured in should answer your earlier question

regarding tenacity.”

“All is as you will, my lord.”

“Lishbaum. You will throw the remaining pawns in the kiln and hurry

with your work in increasing the supply of new pawns. We have the leisure

of time, but it would be a poor move to let the heroes have too much of it

and build up too much strength. Do at least keep that in mind.”

“But of course.”

“As for the rest of you, you shall have some free time until the new

pawns are gathered. Once everything is ready, this time, we will seriously

attack the humans. Husband your own strengths until then.”

Hearing her words, everyone but Ilzarl obediently bowed their heads.

Nakshatra then let her hopes for the future escape her lips with an

irrepressible laugh.

“Now then, humans... Both you and your Goddess are in for a rude

awakening.”

With that ominous prediction, the Demon Lord departed the room where

the surviving demon generals were gathered.