The stronghold of the demons lay at the very extremity of the northern

lands. The dragonnewt Eanru had once joked about Ilzarl’s “cold meals,”

but that was more truth than it was joke. The entire region was plunged into

a neverending winter of intense snow and ice. It was completely

inhospitable to humans—no, to all living things.

In short, the land was outright hostile. It was only fitting, then, that a

certain breed of hostile beings called it home. Some thought that the savage

demons were simply insensible to the treacherousness of the area, but that

was in fact precisely why they’d made their stronghold there. It would be

nigh impossible for the humans to ever push into such perilous territory.

If humans had the resilience and the mobility demons did, it would be a

different story. But they were all earthbound and had no natural resistance

to the elements. So in that sense, the cold northern lands really were ideal

for a stronghold. And the stronghold the demons had built there was grand

enough to be called a proper castle.

It had stone walls, spires, ramparts, gates—the works. All eyes that

beheld it would believe it to be a castle simply based on the way it looked.

It was... recognizable in a strange way. It looked oh-so familiar, reminiscent

of the castles of human lands, that it was almost hard to believe it belonged

to demons. But that was no coincidence. Because those with humanoid

figures stood at the top of the hierarchy of demons, the architecture of their

stronghold was naturally catered to them.

Deep within that castle in a dull and dim room, a sharp streak of light

poured in from an opening door. It was a warm, orange light that cut right

through the darkness—something that almost seemed out of place in a

castle full of the dark power of the Evil God. But it was simply torchlight

from the hall outside, which silhouetted a single shadow slipping in through

the door.

“Pardon me.”

Courteously entering the room was a female demon wearing deep blue

armor and carrying a large sword. Despite her dark skin, white hair, and red

eyes, she looked perfectly human at a glance. But the constant aura of

bloodthirst lingering about her betrayed her. She was anything but normal.

As if they’d been anticipating her arrival, the candlesticks in the room

all lit up when she set foot inside, illuminating those who were seated

around the table waiting for her. The young girl with black hair and dark

skin, Demon Lord Nakshatra. The man with blond bangs gloomily hanging

over his face, Lishbaum. The woman with bat-like wings, Latora. The

beautiful man with long, silver hair, Ilzarl. These were the players that

controlled the demon world.

“So we’re all finally here...”

“Long time no see, darlings.”

The armored female demon’s arrival was met with Ilzarl’s discontented

gripe and Latora’s friendly greeting. However, she didn’t react to either one

of them. She simply offered the room a glare before kneeling down before

Nakshatra.

“We have been waiting, Moolah.”

“As have I, my lord and master. It brings me great honor and joy to have

an audience with you once more.”

The armored female demon—Moolah, the last of the demon generals—

bowed her head deeply to Nakshatra. Nakshatra ordered her to be at ease,

and she obediently moved to her place at the table with the others.

“I see the number of bodies to warm these seats has decreased since we

last met,” she commented indifferently.

“All is as it should be. Each and every one of them who suffered defeat

at the hands of mere humans was unfit to fulfill the ambitions of our god.

They were too weak.”

“You couldn’t be more right. They had exceptional power and protection

from our god, yet still fell to humans... How dare they shame Lord

Nakshatra’s sacred name like that. Those weaklings were worse than trash

and lower than scum.”

Moolah’s words for her fallen comrades were curt and merciless. Really,

she was declaring that power was everything, and there wasn’t a soul in this

world who would argue with her. They knew all too well that life was a

game of rule by the strong and survival of the fittest. It was, frankly

speaking, the way of the demons.

“Now, what will we do about these empty seats? Leaving them vacant

leaves quite a large hole...”

It wasn’t good. Even Moolah understood that. The demons were beings

that strove towards a single goal, and they meandered towards it like an

unruly mob. That was why the guidance of the demon generals—the

vanguards of the Evil God’s will—was essential. Trying to move the demon

army without them would only mean chaos. If the mob were left to its own

devices and the individual demons allowed to act as they pleased, they

would be so disorganized that they would easily be overpowered by the

weakling humans. As Moolah voiced her apprehensions, Nakshatra gave a

generous nod as if she were in full agreement.

“Regarding that matter, it has already been decided. Lishbaum.”

As Nakshatra spoke, she exchanged glances with the single demon who

served her like an adjutant. Hearing her turn the explanation over to him,

Lishbaum addressed Moolah while making exaggerated gestures.

“The answer we’ve arrived at is for you to take charge of several of the

army corps.”

“Several? I have already been entrusted with a group of pawns, as I’m

sure you know. Are you saying that you plan to further increase my

workload, bastard?”

“Yes. We would like you to command three or four units now.”

“Lishbaum, my true purpose is to protect Lord Nakshatra. Yet despite

knowing that, you insist on peddling other duties upon me. Am I the only

one that finds that unreasonable?”

“We are shorthanded, after all.”

“As the main cause of that predicament, just what are you saying?”

Moolah shot a cold, piercing gaze at Lishbaum like she intended to kill

him on the spot. It would be an understatement to say she saw through him.

And certainly, there was something behind Lishbaum’s smile...

“Oh my, so you’re onto me. Let me just say that it wasn’t a pointless

expenditure. Quite the opposite—it was necessary.”

Lishbaum made it sound like the entire situation had been arranged on

purpose. Hearing this, Moolah’s cold stare became a fiery, ferocious one.

“...Just what are you thinking? What’s your game here?”

“The same as the rest of you. I wish to eradicate all life from this world.

That is all.”

“Does that have something to do with reducing the number of pawns?”

“Yes.”

When asked point-blank, Lishbaum replied without any pretense.

Moolah continued to glare at him, but was unable to decipher just what the

sinister light in his eyes meant. Giving up on probing any further, however,

she took her seat.

“...As I said before, it is my duty first and foremost to protect Lord

Nakshatra. However, if Lord Nakshatra so desires it, I shall comply.”

“It seems Moolah-sama is on board now as well. What do you say, my

lord?”

As Lishbaum turned to Nakshatra, she smiled faintly. And then...

“Moolah, commander of our elite guard, we expect great things of you.”

“Of course, my lord. Though I may be inadequate, I will exert myself to

the fullest in your name.”

“Very well. Now, are there any who object to Moolah’s promotion?”

Ilzarl raised an eyebrow at Nakshatra’s question.

“You’re asking us? I have no complaints about the strong taking the

lead.”

“I’m with Ilzarl on this one. I don’t have any complaints as long as she’s

strong, and I know she is. Besides, if we’re talking about being the

commander of the elite guard, she’s way more cut out for the job than we

are, right, Nakshatra-sama?”

Moolah was the one to respond to Latora’s frivolous answer.

“Latora... As a proud demon general, how can you talk to Lord

Nakshatra that way?”

“What, are you angry? You know I’ve always been this way, Moolah

darling.”

“I am saying that you should know your place.”

“After all this time? It’s fine, isn’t it, Nakshatra-sama?”

“We do not mind.”

When Nakshatra took Latora’s side, Moolah silently accepted it without

a single sign of discontent. To Moolah, Nakshatra and her word were

absolute. She would never dare go against them. And with a definitive end

to that sidebar pronounced, Lishbaum once more spoke up.

“Incidentally, there is something that I would like everyone to see

today.”

The first to react to that statement was Ilzarl.

“Oh? So does this mean one of your damn schemes is coming to light?”

“Yes, this.”

With that, Lishbaum leaned back a little and glanced behind him.

Following his gaze, the others in the room looked in the same direction,

but... there was nothing there. Finding the situation suspicious, and being

aware of Lishbaum’s abilities, they all observed him carefully.

Slowly but surely, Lishbaum’s shadow opened up eerily, and from

within it, an even larger shadow appeared. It was a figure more grotesque

than anything they’d ever beheld, even among their own kind, but it was

unmistakably a demon.

It had several eyes stacked horizontally in an asymmetric fashion, and a

single insectoid mouthpart dripping acidic saliva. It had enormous arms like

a human bodybuilder, but they dangled down from bulging shoulders with

distorted bones and protruding horns sticking out all over. Its skin was dark

purple, and its swollen, lumpy body was massive. It looked as sturdy as it

did grotesque, putting even the ugliest demons alive to shame. But its most

remarkable quality by far was the amount of power from the Evil God it

possessed.

“Ew, this is... Seriously?”

“Oh...?”

Latora was grimacing at the sight of the monstrosity, but Ilzarl’s

admiration was focused solely on its strength. They raised their voices in

surprise, but Lishbaum’s sycophantic attitude remained unchanged as he

turned to Moolah.

“I believe this is the answer to the doubts lingering in your heart,

Moolah-sama. All the demons sacrificed up until this point were fuel for the

kiln. And in that fire, fresh pawns have been forged.”

“Beings of such power... Just where have you been hiding them?”

“Within the threshold.”

“With your damn power? I see...”

Recalling Lishbaum’s abilities, Moolah quietly muttered to herself,

seemingly satisfied. But it appeared she wasn’t the only one that needed

convincing.

“Lishbaum, from what I see here, this doesn’t have the intelligence of

the pawns we’ve been using.”

Based on the demons Ilzarl knew, winged ones at least possessed the

intelligence to comprehend language. But the one Lishbaum had summoned

only had violent ferocity in its otherwise empty mind. There wasn’t a hint

of understanding or any other semblance of intelligence in its eyes.

However, Lishbaum didn’t see that as a bad thing.

“As long as it is made obedient with power from the Evil God,

intelligence isn’t exactly required, is it? If they’re strong enough, they

needn’t think for themselves.”

“That’s sure a strange answer coming from a bastard like you who uses

his wits as a weapon.”

“Our purpose is different. So to speak, this is a symbol of fear to the

humans. If they could communicate with it, some of that fear would be

negated. Not knowing what an opponent is thinking at all... That alone is

something intelligent beings fear.”

“Especially those frail humans, huh?”

Seeing Ilzarl agree with him, Lishbaum nodded in satisfaction.

“So how about it? Have I shown you something that meets all of your

expectations?”

“You’re saying we’re going to be bringing these things along with us

from now on? With these, couldn’t we get things done with forces far

smaller than what we’ve been using?”

“Certainly, if we had more of these, those damn humans... Even the

heroes would be nothing special.”

Latora and Moolah each muttered their impressions and consented, but

Ilzarl once again raised a question.

“Lishbaum, there is something that I would like to ask you.”