The Genius Magician Hydemary Alzbayne

Just like when Suimei had first entered this room, he looked around it warily. It was decorated with white antique furniture and bisque dolls lying around here and there. It was girlish, to say the least. It easily could have passed for the room of some European princess.

“What’s the matter? Have a seat.” The owner of the room, the magician Hydemary Alzbayne, was seated at a table. Maintaining a robotic expression, she pulled a teacup out of nowhere and gracefully brought it up to her lips.

With her long hair, tailcoat, curving cane, and silk hat that she’d casually tossed upon the bed, she certainly had the complete appearance of a magician. But just like the dolls around her, her expression was stiff, though her glamorous beauty undeniably set her apart from them. She left nothing to be desired in terms of her charm.

Following Hydemary’s suggestion, Suimei took a seat across the table from her.

“I’d rather you not be so cautious. Just now was something like a so- called test. I have no intention of harming you.”

“So? What’s your evaluation of me after putting me through your so- called test?”

“Well, I suppose you pass. You seem to possess a level of ability that even I can recognize, after all, mister magician of the Society.”

“Well, thanks, I guess.” Suimei gave a non-committal response. The reason she spoke in such a haughty tone was likely the result of considerable self-confidence. Or perhaps it just came naturally to her. She didn’t have the air of someone who was extremely gifted, but nevertheless…

“I was told to bring you along with me, you know?” “Yes, my father told me that much. That when a magician of the Society came, that I should go along with them.”

“So what’s your answer?” Suimei asked her for an answer, but Hydemary responded to Suimei with a question of her own.

“Before that, I have something I would like to ask. Is that alright?” Suimei nodded. Hydemary then set aside her teacup and cut to the chase. “What I want to ask is about you magicians of the Society. If I remember correctly, you all use an unusual magicka theory, right?”

“Modern magicka theory, you mean.” “Yes, that is what it was called, wasn’t it? It’s an outrageous concept that composites together magicka from different systems, right?”

“Well, yeah.” “It’s not just using magicka from different systems at the same time, right?”

“It’s just as you saw before. Did you think it was that kind of lowbrow magicka?”

“Not at all.” Hydemary shook her head. Just as she said, the magicka used by a modern magician was based on modern magicka theory, which mixed together magicka from various systems. For example, there was rune magicka, which carved characters into objects to bring out their power, and Kabbalah numerology, which could manifest the phenomena of the world by cataloguing them as numbers and formulas—by mixing the two totally different systems together, a completely new system of magicka was born. Even within the world of magicians living in the underbelly of modern society, it was considered quite heretical.

Speaking of unusual, however, the magicka that this girl used was also quite strange. But setting that aside…

“So all of you are chasing after the ideals of your dear leader or whoever, right?”

“Yeah.” As Suimei nodded, Hydemary tilted her head to the side like an innocent child.

“So what’s it all about?” “You’ll get it if you come along. It’s not like we’re forcing you to do anything, and it isn’t something for me to say here.”

“That’s true.”

Hydemary looked disinterested, but it was only because her range of facial expressions was limited. Before long, she thought of something else that she wanted to ask.

“Hey, do you remember when you were first able to use magicka?” “When I was first able to use magicka, huh?” In truth, Suimei didn’t actually remember very much about it. While being shown magicka by his father, he’d touched upon mystical power. So if there was anything extraordinary about the first time he’d used magic, it would be that one day he’d simply thought, “I can do it.” After that, he was able to use magicka just like his father. That was all there was to it. He couldn’t even identify the specific moment it had happened. After all, whatever it was that had led him to use magicka became inconsequential the moment he unlocked the secret. He felt that way even now.

Even the existence of mana was something he found himself attuned to once he was able to use magicka, which led to him forging his mana furnace. It was something like how once someone learned to ride a bicycle, they would never forget that sense of balance. Or how one could instinctively tell fortunes with tarot cards by tempering their senses. It was more or less an extension of such techniques. It was difficult to explain outright, but there was one thing Suimei could say with absolute confidence. If someone never touched upon magicka and its mysteries, they would never be able to use it.

“What’s the matter?” “Well, I don’t really remember.” “Is that acceptable for a human who pursues the mysteries?” “Isn’t it? Pretty much everyone is like that.” “Hmph.” With another seemingly disinterested reply, Hydemary once more matched her gaze with Suimei’s. Just what was she thinking about? Her eyes had a cold, gray light to them. They seemed to hold not a hint of passion, but there was a sharpness to them. And after gazing into his eyes for a while, perhaps finally satisfied, Hydemary gave Suimei a pronounced nod.

“Alright. I get it. I’ll go along with you.” He got her consent, though he couldn’t say what she’d based her decision on. She then moved on to what she considered the next order of

business.

“Suimei-kun, was it? Do make sure to treat me well like a lady.” “What are you implying?” “Nothing. It’s just that I want to be treated properly.” Did she say that because she was a pseudo-lifeform born from a flask, a homunculus? It was likely her desire not to be treated as an object. Without leaving Suimei much time to contemplate the matter, Hydemary suddenly stretched out.

“Ha-aaahh…” And just like a sleepy child, she let out a tremendous yawn. Seeing her show no restraint at all, Suimei was primed to pass down some candid advice. He furrowed his brow, but Hydemary only rubbed her eyes.

“I’m tired now, so I’m going to sleep.” “…What?” Just what was going on all of a sudden? Suimei was completely taken aback and could only watch as Hydemary stood up from her seat.

“Goodnight.” And with that… “Zzz…” Hydemary lay down on her bed defenselessly, falling immediately and soundly to sleep.

“H-Hey, what the hell’s with you…?” Watching this all unfold, Suimei was really and truly stumped. But forced to accept the situation for what it was, he figured there was nothing to be done now that she was already asleep. He got up and made to leave, but then remembered one important thing. The door to leave this room remained unopenable. In other words…

“…Hey, just how do I get out of here?” Until Hydemary woke up once more, Suimei was forced to just wait in her room.

“Who… are you?” “I’m gonna slug you, you little punk…”

Clash on a Starry Night!

This happened just after finishing a troublesome mission that was

pushed on him by the leader of the Society.

It was late one night with the stars shining overhead. In the abandoned ruins that were once trampled by an enormous dragon, there was a Northern European woman wearing refined modern clothes underneath her knightly armor. Her platinum blonde hair was tied together with a large ribbon so that it wouldn’t get in her way. She stood haughtily before Suimei.

“You again? You really never get tired of this, do you?” As Suimei spoke to her in a perturbed manner, the woman—Alexis—put on a daring smile as if to say she was throwing down the gauntlet, and thrust her finger out at him.

“Of course. Today for certain, I shall correct the path you walk down, Starlight.”

“Hey, can you stop it with that nickname already? Like, seriously.” Suimei grimaced. “Starlight” was the name that she used whenever she spoke to him. It was probably a nickname inspired by some of his magicka she’d once witnessed, but it was tremendously embarrassing to be called something like that.

“Is what I call you not my decision?” “Don’t I at least have veto rights?” “No, you do not.” Even though it was an honest question, Alexis cut him off curtly. And then, with exaggerated gesticulating, she started into a monologue.

“I, Alexis Van Meizan, order you, Yakagi Suimei, to withdraw immediately from the seedy group known as the Society, and obediently submit yourself to our Chivalric Order of the Rose Cross.”

“I’ll pass.” “Why? Rather than chase after the dreams of your leader that you don’t even know can be accomplished, is it not far more reasonable to join hands with us and use your power for the sake of the people?”

“Maybe, but you’re really butting in here.” After Suimei spat out his blunt reply, Alexis’s expression became grim. Observing this, Suimei’s partner from the Society who had been quietly watching things from the sidelines, Hydemary, turned towards him with a face that conveyed a meager amount of emotion.

“Hey, Suimei-kun, who is this truly stubborn-looking child?” “Oh, her? This is the little princess of the Chivalric Order of the Rose

Cross that I told you about.”

Hydemary scoffed indifferently. She didn’t seem interested. Perhaps it was because this was someone unknown to her, but regardless, the light in her eyes stayed sharp.

“…So you’re the lauded genius daughter of Alzbayne?” “Yup.” At Hydemary’s flippant reply, the knight glanced back and forth between both her and Suimei. She looked unhappy.

“I find this disagreeable.” “What a coincidence. For some reason, I’ve also been feeling somewhat annoyed for a while now.”

It seemed Suimei’s assessment of Hydemary’s disposition was somewhat off the mark. Sparks were flying between the two girls now. It came as a surprise to Suimei that Hydemary would show such hostility without a definitive reason. Saying it was unusual was putting it lightly. It was unprecedented.

And thus a fuse was blown. The second Alexis stirred, Hydemary intuited what was to come and immediately chanted a spell.

“Jetzt kommen, mein niedlicher Teddybär.” [Now come, my cute teddy bear.] It was Hydemary’s magicka―origin magicka. Dressed in a purple robe and matching witch hat with a starry pattern, a giant teddy bear manifested right above Alexis and fell directly downward as if to crush her.

Bof! “Ugh! What is this?! A stuffed animal?!” “It’s my magicka. Isn’t it super cute?” Hearing those boastful words coming from Hydemary’s expressionless face, Alexis responded fearlessly.

“I won’t have you underestimate me. If I were to make use of my magicka, then such― Whaaa?!”

It seemed that she was trying to wriggle her way out from under the giant bear, but it wouldn’t budge an inch.

“It’s useless. Beat-tan weighs five thousand mana tons, after all.” “F-Five thousand mana tons?! What’s with that dubious denomination?!”

Alexis screamed, railing against such a ridiculous claim. Suimei at least understood her feelings in that regard. When facing off against someone who manipulated origin magicka, that was about the norm. But nevertheless, it was true: “5kMt” was very courteously written on the back of the teddy bear. According to Hydemary, she converted mana into weight and then mass, creating some sort of unit of measurement for it.

“Ugh! I can’t move!” “It’s useless no matter how much you struggle. Now then, Suimei-kun, should we get going? I’d like to go and repair my little sisters quickly.”

Feeling assured of her victory, Hydemary turned to walk away. But just as she did, the teddy bear was suddenly suspended in the air. The thin arms of the little princess that looked like they only ever held cutlery had overcome the weight. Suimei could only let out a groan at the sight, and Hydemary didn’t feel much differently.

“Hmm? To be able to brush aside Beat-tan… She’s just as you described her, Suimei-kun: a muscle-headed woman.”

“You! Just what have you been telling people?!” “The truth?” “Starlight, correct that statement you made in regards to a lady of peerless beauty such as myself!”

“What lady? Every time I see you, you’re just blowing your damn lid off.”

Suimei sounded annoyed, and for some reason, Alexis responded in a somewhat flustered manner.

“B-But that’s no fault of mine! It’s your fault for not coming to my― I mean, to the side of the Chivalric Order!”

Alexis shouted at Suimei, but it didn’t stop there. With an eager expression like the fires in her heart were ablaze, she threw out a brash confession of sorts.

“Why will you not come to my side even though I’m always thinking about you?!”

“You’re gonna cause misunderstandings like that…” Hearing her say that made Suimei feel a little hot in the face. It wasn’t just his imagination, either. He was slightly happy to hear it, but… that wasn’t the issue at hand. Likely because Alexis was practically flailing about with her magicka still active, she was damaging the surrounding

ruins. Watching Alexis act like that, Hydemary directed a cold gaze her way.

“You must be the muscly little girl they talk about on the streets…” “Just what are you saying to the very reincarnation of Saint Lucia?! Shut your mouth!”

“What if I said no, du Schweinehund?” Schweinehund, literally meaning pig-dog with the underlying connotation of being a dullard, was a favored insult of Hydemary’s. The fact that she was using it now indicated she’d grown tired of the situation. As for Alexis who was on the receiving end of the slight, her face turned bright red as if it was the ultimate offense.

“You… Now I’m going to get serious…” “And what’s going to happen when you get serious?” “Hmph! Aetheric Highburst!” With those words, Alexis activated her mana furnace. It seemed she wasn’t lying about getting serious. She immediately summoned an enormous morning star with a ball that measured five meters in diameter. Taking such a thing in hand while claiming to be the reincarnation of a saint extolled for great wisdom raised some questions, but…

“Move aside. I have no business with a homunculus like you. The only one I’m after is you, Starlight. You and you alone.”

Hydemary’s face nearly twitched. It seemed she was about to get serious too. And with things going this far, Suimei would also have to make a move.

“Okay, fine. Then I guess I have to…” Though Suimei was about to step forward, Hydemary stuck out her hand to stop him.

“Suimei-kun, could you back off?” “Hmm?” “I’ll handle this. Somehow… How do I put it? I’ve got this hazy feeling within my chest.”

“Hey, you…” “Kunng-Lei Maximum Licht…” So Hydemary too activated her mana furnace, and the curtain was raised on a clash of grand-class magicians who were trying to crush each other. Despite what they both wanted, however, the fight would come to an end

without a definitive conclusion.

Encounter With the Holy King of the Heavens, Anou Mizuki!

“I smell the same damned stench coming from you.” Astonished by the sudden abuse coming at him from behind, Suimei whipped around. He was met with the sight of a schoolgirl with long black hair who was standing there with her arms folded. She had superfluous black belts here and there all over and a lone black glove on her left hand. To top it all off, she was wearing an eyepatch. It was a curious getup for sure.

What the hell is with this girl…? Though taken aback, Suimei put himself on guard. This was the same spring day that a new school term began. Suimei had just become a second-year middle schooler, and was enjoying immersing himself in the listless peace of a school day as he gazed at the bulletin board swarmed by students from a distance. Separating himself momentarily from the rampant violence of the world of magicians, he felt like he’d just gotten back to a normal life.

And now this. The girl just stood there, staring at him with a daring smile. Slow on the draw, Suimei finally responded to her.

“Wh-What are you talking about?” “Heh heh heh, there’s no need to conceal it. The way you’re gazing at those fools with eyes like you’re scoffing them makes it obvious.”

Was she talking about the other students? With a confused look on his face, Suimei glanced back at the bulletin board. She nodded in the same direction to confirm his suspicions.

“Do you not also think so?” “Who knows?” Suimei played it off, but beneath his troubled laugh, his entire body was as tense as could be. This girl had said something about “the same stench.” Did that mean she was a magician?