Bonus Short Stories

Felmenia Side Story 1

On a certain day shortly after Sebastian Kran summoned the apparition, Suimei was in his room receiving a lesson from Felmenia about the magic in this other world.

“Then the so-called main point of magic here begins with sensing the Elements… That’s what they say, right?”

“That is correct. If one properly brings to mind the heat one feels when warmed by fire or the cool sensation of touching water, the Elements will lend their assistance!”

Felmenia tightly clenched her fist, apparently filled with enthusiasm on the topic. She was talking as if she believed without a doubt that the way that she had explained things was the one and only truth. However, from Suimei’s perspective, it was still horribly insufficient. In his world, even in its simplest, most reductive form, the art of magicka was treated and talked about with a high level of rationality. Felmenia’s explanation just now, on the contrary, addressed nothing but the mystical side of things. Moreover, the most important part of what he wanted to know was unclear and vague. Based on what she’d said, magic sounded like it relied entirely on an individual’s intuition.

If this is the norm for teaching magic in this world, then I guess it’s no wonder development would stagnate, huh?

The idea of depending exclusively on sensation made a mockery of theory. Granted, to be fair, these people’s approach wasn’t wholly misguided. These “Elements” of theirs had been revered throughout the ages, and venerating their mysticism was essentially part of the magical process for them. That was how things had ended up this way. But while it was true that sensation was important to magicka, relying on it alone was problematic.

Thinking on the grand scale of things, it really showcased how

remarkable the natural philosophers of Ancient Greece were. In an age where such concepts were elusive and yet to be understood, the likes of Plato, Aristotle, and Empedocles thoroughly investigated existence itself and created the foundations for magicka.

But regardless of what Suimei thought, this was how Reiji and Mizuki had both learned magic. This was the explanation they’d gotten. As a magician, there was a great deal about it Suimei was skeptical of… But speaking of the explanation, Felmenia had an eager look on her face as if to say, “How’s that?”

“Were you able to follow along?” “Yeah, sorry, I don’t get it at all.” “Oh, I see…” She feebly slumped her shoulders like a dog lowering its ears and tail. She seemed dejected that her explanation hadn’t been good enough. If Suimei could at least grasp exactly what the Elements were, then he could likely figure out the rest of what Felmenia was talking about. He would have no choice but to investigate it more on his own later.

“Th-Then one more time…” “No, it’s fine. I’ll manage somehow on my own.” Yes, as long as he was still wrestling with this problem of the Elements, there was no purpose in being taught anything else.

“Is that so…? My apologies for not being of any help.” “Don’t worry about it. Switching things up though, is there anything you want to ask about, Menia?”

“Anything I want to ask about?” “Yeah. I’m much obliged to you after last time, and, well, as a way of returning the favor, if there’s anything you want to ask me about magicka, I’ll try and talk you through it.”

“Really?” When Suimei nodded, Felmenia once more regained her enthusiasm and cut straight to the chase.

“Th-Then, do you remember the magicka circle that you talked about in the Garden of the White Wall? Could I ask that you teach me about that in more detail?”

Somewhat excited, Felmenia leaned forward as she eagerly awaited his answer. Thinking back on what had happened in the Garden of the White

Wall, Suimei recalled how astonished he was upon learning the sad state of magic here. Despite this being a bona fide fantasy world, not only did they not understand the usefulness of liturgical magicka, they weren’t even familiar with the concept. In other words…

“You want to know more about the liturgical reduction of magicka circles, you mean.”

Felmenia slowly nodded. “What is known as the liturgical reduction of magickal systems is the process of taking complex magicka and, without the amount of labor being influenced by the abilities of the user, making it usable as long as the predetermined steps are followed properly. It’s a technique that starts with taking the symbols, the scene, the gestures, the movements, et cetera, and committing all of it to memory. Its origin is considered to be the mnemonic arts of Ancient Greece.”

“Mnemonic arts?” “That’s right. For example, when memorizing something tedious, you try and shorten it somehow, taking each part of the whole and turning it into something more easily digestible. That makes it easier to remember, right?”

“That’s… certainly true.” For example, if one were to try and memorize the denser portions of a textbook, the task would be simplified by reducing the work that needed to be done. In other words, shortening the sentences. It was very much so the same idea behind stenography. Though a more extreme example with a different goal, sign language similarly compacted information as much as possible for ease of communication. Humanity has long been experimenting with ways to better utilize their memory.

“What we call liturgical reduction is basically the same thing. While taking all the necessary information and shortening it everywhere possible to make it simpler, we make it easier to use without losing the original meaning. And the techniques born from that include phenomena conversion, as well as the event conversion of a magicka circle.”

“Phenomena conversion…?” “Yeah, that’s right. Using the mnemonic arts that I just described as a foundation, you can take an enormous amount of information and make a miniature copy of the symbols and figures used to draw it out. If you make it so that it can be read by the world, it’s possible to produce an effect of the

same phenomenon or event through magicka. Someone eventually realized that you could do the same thing with high-level spells. But even then, drawing out the reduced version still took too much time. Case in point: you would never be able to do something that time-consuming in battle, right?”

“No, that’s unthinkable. That’s leagues beyond just leaving yourself open.”

“Exactly. And so the magicians of the golden age―the fourteenth century of our world—thought of a way to further simplify the process of simplification. By using the gestures of liturgical reduction techniques, or by refining the words used in a chant, they made it possible to call forth the necessary magicka circle no matter where they were.”

“That’s the part I don’t understand. I can fathom the activation of magicka by only using gestures, but just where is the activated magicka circle stored?”

“Where is it stored, huh? That’s no big deal. It’s quite simple, actually. The magicka circle merely has to be recorded somewhere. In a book, a corner of a house, wherever. And it’s even better if it’s somewhere the mana is thick. I’ve already reached the point where I can use falsification to directly establish one in the world, but just as I said, if you create and leave a magicka circle somewhere and use the appropriate chant and actions to hail it, then in a sense, if the requirements are satisfied, the event and phenomena that occur will be the same. Then―”

“At any time the caster likes, they can make use of the magicka circle without putting in much effort…”

The sound of Felmenia swallowing down her breath could be heard in the otherwise silent room in that moment. And in response to her statement, Suimei nodded.

“As a result, it means the magicka that you want to use and the magicka that calls forth the magicka circle which supports it are used in tandem, but it’s optimized to the point that it’s beyond compare of how it worked before.”

Suimei paused for a moment there before continuing his explanation. “That’s how magicka circles in the world I’m from are used to assist in casting magicka. They can be used to simplify the process or even for ornamental purposes.”

“Amazing… The mystical techniques in Suimei-dono’s world have been

systematized to such a fine degree…”

“Well, the people back in the day were all strange in the head. In a good way, I guess.”

“Th-Then if I wanted to use this technique, what should I do first?” “Start by memorizing the symbols that simplify information, or refine the words you use. Well, it would be quickest to use the symbols that I know, but other than that, you need to prepare a place with dense mana— somewhere like the hero summoning chamber—and either draw your magicka circle there or set up an object with one drawn on it, and then leave it there to be hailed later. After that, it’s a bit of trial and error, and just getting accustomed to it.”

“…” Felmenia’s eyes were sparkling as she listened to all of this. It seemed she truly adored the mysteries.

“U-Um…” And then, slowly glancing up at Suimei like she wanted something, she seemed like she was struggling to put it into words. She wanted to ask him something—a favor, no less—but her restraint was getting in the way. Suimei, however, had an idea what it was.

“Tonight then.” “Huh…?” “When the sun sets, should we start setting it all up?” “Yes!” And so, though they would only last until he departed, Suimei began his magicka lessons with Felmenia.

Felmenia Side Story 2

“Well, it’s slow.” “It’s… slow?” In the dead of the night and the dead calm of the empty training grounds of Royal Castle Camellia, Suimei and Felmenia were looking at the aftereffects of the magic she’d fired off. That’s what Suimei had referred to as slow. And having her magic so mercilessly evaluated, Felmenia lowered her gaze with a grim expression and groaned. Hardly knowing what to say in return, Suimei called out to her.

“Well, that’s probably not your fault. Don’t let it get to you too much.” “Not my fault, you say?” Seeing Felmenia cutely tilt her head to the side in puzzlement, Suimei expressed what he was considering.

“Yeah. You likely don’t have a categorization for anything outrageously fast in this world. Or rather, because people here have never even considered such a thing, my definition of fast and your definition of fast are pretty different.”

“Ah…” She didn’t seem to fully grasp what he was saying. Suimei had asked Felmenia to show him her best magic, but the invocation time and the speed of the spell itself were—in his eyes—slow.

“What I’m saying is that what you consider a fast projectile in this world would be something like an arrow, a rock from a sling, or whatever it is that monsters fire out, right? That’s why we have different conceptions of speed, and I guess that’s even reflected in the magic…”

“Certainly, when I think of high speeds, generally such things are what comes to mind.”

Hearing Felmenia agree with him, Suimei gave a single nod. Because the people of this world didn’t get many opportunities to witness anything faster than that, it had an effect on their magic.

“…So that really is it, huh?” “In your world, Suimei-dono, um… are there objects that can fly at outrageous speeds?”

“Well, yeah. There’s all sorts of things like cruise missiles, fighter jets, and rifle bullets, but… even if I say that, you probably don’t get it, huh?”

“I’m afraid not…” There was no way Felmenia had any idea what those things were. If he looked hard enough, he very well may have been able to find a gun in this world, but as long as there was a substitute like magic for the power of firearms, it would be a very primitive one at best, if it even existed at all. Pondering a better example, Suimei thought of something fast that even this would should have.

“Well, what about lightning?” “Magic with the lightning attribute? Would you like me to show you some?”

“If you can, be my guest.” Felmenia nodded in response to Suimei’s request and began incanting a spell.

“Oh Lightning. Thou who art the incarnation of that shining power, emulate this sharp will of mine and pierce through in an instant. Blitz Shot.”

As Felmenia’s chant and keywords dissipated into the air, the magic began to crackle as a pale violet light formed in her palm. Then, perhaps bending to her will, it let out a thunderous roar and went flying like a bolt of lightning. She then promptly started her next chant.

“I’m starting the next one now. Oh Lightning. Thou art my subordinate. Follow my will and surge forth, so reducing what lay in thy path to ashes. Dancing Lights.”

Electricity once more collected in the air, but this time it looked like a technique that could be manipulated. The sparks followed Felmenia’s gaze, and she moved them around here and there to show them off. Compared to her previous spell, however, it was slow. The stage show eventually came to an end, and as the smell of burnt earth filled the air, Felmenia turned to Suimei.

“How was that?” “I think I see… Just from manipulating it, it becomes slow, huh? Well, since the movements aren’t established, that’s only natural, I guess.”

The speed of her first spell was comparable to actual lightning, but because she was manipulating the movement of the second spell, it was relatively slow. As expected, when magic was being manipulated by its caster’s will, it was fettered by the caster’s consciousness. The meager information they could process with their own eyes hung over their casting ability like a shadow.

“Then I guess I’ll give it a go too.” “You’re going to use a magicka of your own, Suimei-dono?” “Well, this isn’t something I created, but… Well, whatever. Ready?” Seeing Felmenia nod, Suimei began his chant. “Quod is venerabatur est in Zarathustrae aureum mysterio. Confitetor ignem. Nos consequimur directionem es significatur ex Astorius.”

[That which is revered is within Zarathustra’s golden secret. Praise be to the fire. The righteousness that we aim for is signified by Astorius.]

By the power of Suimei’s chant, the portent of the manifestation of his

magicka encroached in the air like a hazy wave of heat.

“Ardvahist!” [The guidance of the fire that pierces the rule of heaven.] As Suimei unleashed his keyword, a magicka circle formed in his outstretched palm and hailed fire.

“Bwuh?” Meanwhile, however, the observing mage girl hadn’t seemed to expect such power to manifest. As the built-up energy abruptly burst into the air with a strong burning smell, the training grounds were instantly filled to capacity by the magickal flames as if there had been a shockwave of fire. The magicka circle he deployed manifested a flame that emitted no heat, and only created a visual blaze with no form. And then…

“M-Myaaaaaaaah!” Along with a shriek from Felmenia that almost sounded like a screeching cat, a bundle of crimson light and heat gathered in a form that far surpassed an 800 millimeter shell. It had a diameter of a full meter and let out a thunderous roar as it rocketed off into the darkness of the night sky. After seeing it off, Suimei turned around and saw that Felmenia had fallen to the ground in shock.

“…Didn’t your own spell make a bunch of noise just a minute ago?” “I-I was the one controlling the lightning, so I knew it was coming… But the magicka you just used was fire. For that to fly out so fast that it would let out a roar like that is…”

The scale of his magicka had far exceeded what she’d expected. But how could she have known better? It wasn’t like Suimei had announced what he was going to do.

“This might be putting it a little harshly, but there’s nothing to talk about if you can’t do at least this much. As you are right now, Menia, you’re not even treading upon the same ground I’m walking.”

“Suimei-dono…” Being told that so frankly, Felmenia slumped her shoulders. And if her posture was dejected, her expression was miserable. Seeing that, Suimei started to panic, thinking maybe he’d gone too far, and tried to backpedal a bit.

“N-No, well… maybe that isn’t entirely the case? You understood the stuff about the activation of magicka circles and liturgical reduction, so it

won’t be right away, but you’ll likely be able to do this kinda thing too, Menia.”

Perhaps because she was happy at the recognition, an exuberant smile bloomed on her face once more.

“I will try my best!” “Yeah.” Suimei nodded with a satisfied look on his face. He was sure she’d be fine. One of the things he’d learned from their exchanges over the past few days was that she was much more of a hard worker than he’d originally suspected.

“Then, Suimei-dono, thank you very much for once more lending me your valuable time today. I’ll take my leave now.”

“You bet. Take care.” As Felmenia turned to go, Suimei bid her farewell and waved. Watching her walk off, he started to wonder about her magic,

“She needs to work on the speed of the invocation and the speed of the spell itself. Other than that, the main point is the violent emotions of the flames… Well, she’s trying. If all goes well, her Truth Flare will likely get stronger right away.”

Regarding Felmenia’s potential, Suimei though that she had remarkably good instincts. As long as she wasn’t negligent in her training and studies, she might indeed soon become the most powerful mage in this world.

“Well, in any event, it can’t really be called the truth of flames anymore, now can it?”

It was the spell she’d personally named after believing she’d arrived at the truth of flames. But that moniker was already passé. Suimei slowly closed his eyes. He thought for a long moment and then once more opened them.

“Velut ventus aeturnus adfert, fluctuatem flammae mittet Deus. Audito mea vox. Tu es album Ishim. Audito mea vox. Tu es sanctum Ishim.”

[Just as the eternal wind conveys, send the shining and swaying flames to His side. Hear my voice. Thou art the Ishim dyed in white. Hear my voice. Thou art the Ishim that shakes off all calamity.]

Truth Flare. “White Flame Hyacinth.” Suimei fired out what looked just like a blooming white hyacinth, but

what appeared was not a flame. It was a veil of plasma giving off a white glow, and as if to burn the night air into nothingness, it dyed the starry sky brighter and brighter. The shades of the evening were swallowed up by the light, temporarily transforming the scenery into a white night.