Hmm…?

Suimei wondered at first, she didn’t have any of that sort of presence at all. There was no flow of mana with her whatsoever, and she wasn’t conveying that unique out-of-place feeling—both hallmarks of a magician. It was possible that she was skillfully hiding them, but even so, it was strange.

“There’s no need to be so wary. It’s not as though I’m going to take you away and eat you.”

The girl flashed an eerie smile. It was almost like she was forcing herself to make a face she never had before.

Could it be that she’s… “What’s the matter? Have you been charmed by me, the descendant of the first founders?”

“Wha…” “…?” Seeing the puzzled face she was making now, Suimei belatedly connected the dots.

Ah, my head… It hurt. Far too much. To think he’d actually met someone who could say such things with a serious face… The tribe of Adam from the seven races ideology was the original race of people who took on the form of humans. Under that world view, the living beings known as humans all had a common ancestry. Really, all seven tribes were actually the same race. The fact that this girl didn’t know that meant she certainly wasn’t a magician.

As Suimei was internally dying a little because of the sudden, mounting headache he found himself afflicted with, the girl made an ever stranger expression and another declaration.

“My name is Anou Mizuki… Or not. I’m the Holy King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami.”

“H-Holy King of the Heavens? That’s quite an over-the-top name…” “That’s right. In other words, it means that I am the sacred sovereign who oversees all on this star known as Mother Earth.”

“…You don’t say? So that’s your true name or the name of your soul or whatever, huh?”

“That’s right. It is my true name. The name that I mentioned first is naught but an alias I use to conceal my identity in the world. Well, at the very least, do commit it to memory.”

Calling herself Io Kuzami, this unfortunate girl made it quite clear she suffered from the illness endemic to middle school students of about this age.

“And what of your name?” “Whazzat?” “Your name. Is it not proper manners to give your name to those who have introduced themselves to you? Well?”

“I’m… Yakagi Suimei.” Looking away, Suimei replied with a disconcerted expression. He didn’t really want to tell her, but saw no way out of it. But something about his answer piqued her interested, and she questioned him about it excitedly.

“Is that your real name?!” “Yeah.” “I-I’m jealous…” Mizuki’s eye was sparkling like she’d just discovered something amazing. Suimei’s name was rather unconventional. Weird, even. He was used to people giving him pitying looks when he introduced himself. But to a girl like this, maybe it did actually sound cool. Suimei looked beside himself, but the girl unnaturally cleared her throat and continued.

“By the way, Yakagi Suimei, do you know of a man named Shana Reiji?”

“Reiji? Well, he’s a friend.” “As expected. I thought that was the case…” Just what was expected about that? Suimei wasn’t sure why she’d say something like that, but then a thought crossed his mind.

“Do you know him?” “We had an encounter. However, he was quite the formidable foe. If my other personality hadn’t promptly come out, my true identity would have been discovered by that man.”

“Your true identity…?” Suimei was now at a serious loss as to how to handle this girl. Mizuki acted like she was wiping dirt off her sleeves.

“Phew… How do I put it? I felt a tremendous amount of power from that man, the likes of which I have never tasted before…”

“Well, he certainly does have outrageous powers. Like the hunk beam.” “Just what is this sensation that pulls at my chest and burns so

intensely…?”

“Aaah, right. I get it now. It’s, you know, that. Love.” “I see. The power that man fires out is the light of Lemuria… There is no mistaking it; he’s a descendent of the third founders. The star that shines down on that man ought to be one with a sacred purpose.”

“I don’t get what you’re saying, but I can’t really deny that guy was born under a weird star. Maybe I should do some fortune telling next time…”

Completely unheeding of Suimei, Mizuki was brooding over something. “Shana Reiji… At a glance, he appears harmless, but I cannot be careless.”

“Oh yeah? Why’s that?” “He said… that it would be nice if we were in the same class… Do you know? Do you understand why that is?”

“Wh-Who knows? Maybe he just honestly wants to get to know you better?”

“WHAT, REALLY?! N-No, he likely remembered the sense of discomfort he felt from the wavelengths of my astral body. He means to monitor me.”

“Why would he do that?” “Do you not know? Long ago, we people of the first founders and the people of Lemuria quarreled. That’s why―”

“Listen, the founding races were the same tribe in the first generation…” “Huh? Really?” “Wh-Who knows? I mean, maybe? Hahaha…” “Regardless, I must be careful around that fellow…” While Mizuki was making a stern, pensive face, Suimei let out a dejected sigh. The things she was saying were somehow realistic, but meaningless at the same time.

“Well then, Yakagi, I have matters to attend to, so I shall excuse myself here.”

Having concluded her business with Suimei, Mizuki walked off while cackling an eerie laugh. Watching her go, Suimei pondered to himself what she’s said at first about them having the same stench.

“Is that how people see me…? I also need to be careful…” While having a premonition of the troubled school days ahead of him,

Suimei recalled what someone had told him once: that magicians were nothing but the mere shadow of people whose chuunibyou had evolved.

That Warm, Soggy, Cloudy Something With Shana Reiji

“A hot spring! It’s a hot spring, Reiji-kun!” “Well, I’ll be monkey’s uncle… It really is…” One day after Reiji’s troupe had left Camellia and was crossing the mountains a couple dozen kilometers away from the city walls, they discovered a hot spring.

As the first one to find it, Mizuki’s eyes were sparkling. She was ecstatic. But that was understandable. The Kingdom of Astel didn’t have much of a bathing culture, and ever since coming to this world, she hadn’t had a proper bath. Japanese through and through, she yearned for this kind of opportunity. There was nothing better than a natural hot spring.

“I’m going in! I want a bath! I’m definitely going in!” Just for this moment, she was being obstinate. Mizuki raised hell and absolutely would not yield. Watching this scene unfold, Titania spoke up as she skeptically eyed the steaming water.

“M-Mizuki, are you saying you intend to enter that? This hot water that looks so soggy and cloudy?”

“Pfft!” Hearing the sense of peril in Titania’s voice, Reiji unintentionally laughed a little. She meant well, sure, but hearing her say “soggy” and “cloudy” just got to him. And while Reiji was trying to hold it in, Mizuki stared at Titania in puzzlement.

“That’s right. Is there a problem?” “A problem? Well, um, you see…” Just what was Titania thinking as she started mumbling to herself? Ah… Seeing the way she was reacting, something occurred to Reiji. It wasn’t that the people of the Kingdom of Astel didn’t know about bathing. It was just a custom that had ground to a near complete halt after a wave of widespread disease in the past. Thanks to that, the association of bathing and filth had been ingrained into their cultural imagination. And Titania was no exception. Someone else in their party, however, seemed to realize the

same thing.

“I am sure that Her Highness the Princess feels no small amount of resistance to entering such hot water surging out of nowhere.”

As support in their quest to subjugate the Demon Lord, Reiji and the girls had a select group of knights with them. Among them was Gregory, the oldest and most experienced of the lot. While scratching his chin, he tried to articulate the princess’s hesitation to the others. Seeing Titania shudder at the unknown, Mizuki held up a clenched fist and shouted to the sky.

“It’s too far behind… This world is too far behind!” “I-I do at least know of bathing. It is a custom in Noshias. However, it is said that bathing is terrible for your health…”

“It’s alright. It’s been proven in our world that bathing is actually good for you.”

“Ah, if I’m not mistaken, civilization in Hero-dono’s world is quite developed, is it not?”

That was when Roffrey, the youngest among the knights accompanying them, spoke up too.

“Be that as it may…” But Titania was still unconvinced. At times like this, Reiji found it truly frustrating not to be able to explain with the language of science.

“But… I suppose Mizuki is getting in nonetheless?” “I sure am!” In complete contrast to Mizuki’s energetic reply, Titania’s expression only became grimmer.

“Actually, I’m thinking of maybe taking a dip myself.” “You too, Reiji-sama?! Are you saying that you also intend to yield your body to this suspicious, hot, muddy liquid?!”

“Like I’ve been saying, Tia…” Why was she so opposed to it? The water didn’t even look muddy. Reiji didn’t really care all that much that she was exaggerating, but he thought she could do a better job choosing her words.

“…Understood…” As if steeling herself, Titania’s grim expression stiffened. Seeing her so terror-stricken, Mizuki called out to her in concern.

“Tia, you don’t have to force yourself to go in, you know? You should

only do it if you want to.”

“No! This is a trial that has been presented to me. I must surmount it.” “Just what kind of trial is this, exactly…?” It seemed that she was being urged on by something inexplicable. She then suddenly approached Reiji while blushing furiously.

“R-Reiji-sama, um… could you perhaps teach me the ways of bathing?” In response to her pleading voice, Reiji was left completely dumbstruck for a spell. So was Mizuki. After several long moments, the first one to come back to her senses was Mizuki, and she drew nearer to Titania, who had made the offending statement.

“Wait! What are you saying, Tia?! Do you plan on going in together?!” “There’s no other way, Mizuki. I have never once taken a bath before. As such, I truly do not know of the proper etiquette. In that case, it would be quickest to hear― No, to have Reiji-sama teach it to me firsthand. There’s no other way.”

“No, um, about that…” Seeing Reiji panic, Titania dealt the final blow with upturned eyes. “It’s fine, is it not?! Reiji-sama!” “Can’t Mizuki do it?!” “I want you to teach me, Reiji-sama!” “That’s, um… Is that right?” The short of it was that Titania had to get in the bath with someone. Reiji naturally looked to Mizuki, but she looked incensed and was trying to convey her anger with an intimidating stare right back at him.

“G-Gregory-san, won’t you say something?” “If Her Highness wishes it, I cannot do anything to stop her.” “Exactly, that’s what I… WAIT, WHAT?!” Being abandoned by the senior-most member of their group, Reiji couldn’t help shouting. Desperate for a lifeline, Reiji then turned to the knight who was easiest to talk to.

“Th-Then, Roffrey…?” “Huh? Me? To me, um… For a man and woman to go in together is…” Just as he was about to give his opinion, Titania glared cold, piercing daggers at him.

“…It’s fine! Perfectly fine! Glory to the hero Reiji!” “Weren’t you just about to say it was a bad idea?! You were, weren’t

you?! Why did you change your tune?!”

It seemed the male knights couldn’t be relied on. Reiji then turned to a female knight named Luka.

“L-Luka-san! What about you?!” “Hmm? Hero-dono, what is the matter?” As for Luka, she had already begun taking off her armor and clothes. Nothing inappropriate was revealed, but without her gear on, her splendid proportions were quite obvious.

“Oh man… Wait, Luka-san, why are you stripping?!” “I thought that I would also like to take a bath.” “But we still haven’t decided on who’s going in when!” “Can’t everyone just go in at once?” “You want mixed bathing?!” “Is there some sort of problem with that?” As they carried on, Luka continued to disrobe. Then, without warning… Boooing! “―!” Looking straight at Luka’s breasts as they spilled out, Reiji was immediately overcome.

“R-Reiji-kun! Don’t look!” “L-L-L-L-Luka! Put away those dangerous goods at once!” Mizuki covered Reiji’s eyes with both her hands, and Titania barked out a panicked order. Poor Luka, however, airhead that she was, had no clue what Titania was referring to.

“Dangerous goods? But I just disarmed myself. I don’t have anything else like that on me…”

“You do! You definitely do! Two sweet fruits like dangerous, tempting monsters, right there on your chest!”

In the end, thanks to all the commotion, no one ended up getting in the hot spring before that evening.

OceanofPDF.com

Table of Contents

Cover

Color Illustrations

Prologue: The Magician Yakagi Suimei

Chapter 1: I’m Not Something You Just Summon!

Chapter 2: The Place I Must Return to Is So Far Away

Chapter 3: The One Who Seeks Mysteries

Chapter 4: For That Which I Aspire to Be

Epilogue I

Epilogue II

Afterword Bonus Short Stories

About J-Novel Club Copyright

OceanofPDF.com