metal being forcefully twisted consumed the area.

Brittle objects that were unable to withstand the power swelling up in the air crumbled, turned to dust, and were pulled skyward, swallowed by the countless bright blue lightning bolts created by the clamoring torrent of mana and reduced to nothing.

The world kept shaking indefinitely, and so did the shrieks of the earth and the crackling ovations of lightning that extolled it. The chant continued on from there.

“The invisible horizon where sea and sky are one. For only this moment in time, that boundary lies within my hand.”

Before long, as if being drawn in by multiple magicka circles, the spectrum of blue which filled the sky converged in Suimei’s hand, and he held it out like a blade. As if the blue gathering in his hand had been sucked right out of the sky, a portion of the sky fell into darkness as though it were night. And then…

“Sever the blue sky. Its name is the dazzling blue azure!” Suimei swung down his right hand forcefully as he threw down the last of his chant.

“Azure Engraved Beheading!” Those last words came out like a declaration of the slash created by the azure sword, Azure Engraved Beheading. Just like Starfall, its attribute was the void. It used all which existed in the void as power. If Starfall was star magicka, the Azure Engraved Beheading was sky magicka. The magicka circle was categorized as wide area deployment as well as multiplex convergence, a combination of Kabbalah numerology and weather magicka, another fusion of two systems.

And with his spell complete, Suimei wielded the azure in his right hand. The blue light was identical to that of a perfectly clear blue sky, but formed a massive blade that left a blue aurora trailing behind it. Just as the name of the spell implied, the enormous apparition was instantly decapitated.

The azure aurora which denied twilight. When rent asunder, the apparition flailed in directionless pain. And before long, in the throes of death, it let out a chilling roar and began to convulse repeatedly.

“And that’s that.” Finishing up with his magicka, Suimei slowly and safely descended

from the sky, landing in front of the apparition and letting down Felmenia from his arms.

“There, it’s alright now.” “Ah…” Once he set her on her feet, Suimei began to put her clothes in order as if it were perfectly natural. Seeing this kind, caring side to Suimei again moved Felmenia. He’d done something similar for her once before, and it was an act of graciousness. He was largely selfish and brash otherwise, especially around her, but this was his true nature deep down. That seemed to be the inherent contradiction in his personality. He’d abandoned the hero and Mizuki, but was working hard to find a way to help them get back home. And just like now, he’d acted to save himself, but he’d also saved Felmenia.

She looked up. The apparition that Suimei had struck with magicka was now crumbling to pieces. The most impressive of her magic hadn’t even scathed the beast, but it was cut down instantly by Suimei’s magicka—an unthinkable feat with the knowledge of this world.

Their battle in the Garden of the White Wall, flying through the air, the phenomenon known as an apparition, techniques to combine various magicka into one. Everything that she had witnessed was like an experience right out of a dream.

“This is… This is what a mage can do…?” Watching Suimei from behind as he drew closer to the apparition, she unwittingly muttered to herself again.

“So this is magic?” Not by means of just chanting, not by means of the power of the Elements, but by using one’s own power and the power of their surroundings to discover the laws of all creation and turn that into magic. That was the magic of Yakagi Suimei’s world—no, it’s magicka.

If these were also the mysteries that humans could hold… The place that she was in, the people she competed against, the ones she gained victory over—this world was very small after all, wasn’t it? Had everything up until this moment been a mere triviality?

Suddenly, Suimei turned around. There was neither exasperation nor fearlessness in his face. If one were to speak figuratively, it was the face of a man that did not need challenging.

“Didn’t I tell you already? I’m a scholar of the mysteries. The objective of the mages of this world may just be to cast strong magic by simply chanting a spell, but we are different. The objective of the magicians of my world is to unravel all the laws of the universe and make ourselves omnipotent. Yes, so that we can surpass any and everything. The fundamental way we think is different from you mages.”

“And this… all applies to you too, Suimei-dono?” “That’s right. I will definitely arrive at the truth of magicka, and accomplish the wish that my father was unable to. That’s why—”

The apparition crumbled into nothing. It was so enormous and gave off such an overwhelming sense of despair, yet it was defeated so easily.

“I will definitely prove that I can return to my world. And then I’ll prove that I can take hold of the Akashic Records.”

And so the resolute voice of the victorious magician made a declaration as if swearing to something that could not be seen, and brought down the curtains on this battle.

★

After destroying the apparition summoned by Sebastian with a single magicka spell, Suimei began looking around what was left of the room.

“Hahh… As I thought, it’s totally gone.” Due to the impact from the apparition being summoned and its stamping around, there wasn’t any trace left of the ritual chamber as it had been. That meant that the thing Suimei was looking for wasn’t there either.

What he was hoping to find was the summoning circle that had brought him to this world. It was nowhere to be seen. The only reason he wasn’t all that disappointed about it was because he’d already finished transcribing it. He had it copied down to all the finest details, so there wasn’t any need to be aggrieved over the loss of his reference. Of course, what he had wasn’t a match for the original, which was connected to the other side. Even without it, however, he was sure he’d work it out somehow.

But as he searched the area for signs of it, Suimei found a certain something else. Specifically, the man he had previously thought was crushed by the apparition.

“…He fucking survived. He’s got the devil’s luck. Seriously.”

Indeed, it was Court Mage Sebastian Kran. Though the apparition should have stepped on him, he seemed to have managed to slip into the cracks in the rubble to save himself. He didn’t appear to be seriously wounded, either. He was just unconscious.

Suimei left the court mage who had made all this racket lying face up on the floor unconscious, and simply shrugged his shoulders. Even if he was left alone, he wouldn’t cause any more trouble. By the time he woke up, he’d likely be inside a prison cell already.

And then deciding that there was nothing left for him in the rubble, Suimei turned towards Felmenia. When he did…

“S-Suimei-dono…” Felmenia was slightly blushing. “…?” She then suddenly stepped up to him, pulled his hand to her chest, and grasped it tightly with both hands. Just what was going on with her?

“U-Um, Miss Court Mage…?” “There is no need to be so humble. Please call me Menia, Suimei-dono.” “Huh? Huh…?” Shaking her head from side to side, Felmenia asked Suimei to call her by a nickname with a flushed face. Suimei was unable to hide his bewilderment at her sudden change in attitude. However, as if she was carried away by passion, Felmenia continued speaking.

“That magnificent spell you used to defeat the apparition just now… I am left in awe.”

“Sure… Thanks.” “I cannot even express my gratitude to you for having gone out of your way to take care of the failures of my incompetence like this.”

“Yeah, sure, but there’s no need to be so courteous. Rather, um… is something the matter?”

Finding himself in the sudden and incomprehensible position of having praise lavished on him, Suimei’s voice cracked as he spoke. What was with her? Seeing her suddenly take on such a formal attitude was somewhat unsettling. On the other hand, he couldn’t tell whether or not Felmenia realized he was completely befuddled at her behavior.

“No, um… To speak of it aloud would make me somewhat self- conscious…”

“?” Felmenia’s cheeks turned even redder. She was clearly imagining something, and squirming on the spot as she did. In the middle of all this…

“Is somebody there?!” From a distance, a loud voice called out towards them. Suimei didn’t recognize it. As he turned to look to see who it was, he spied the figures of several of the castle’s soldiers running over. Having seen the calamity… Or rather, having seen the calamity die down, they were likely coming over to investigate. Looking at them, Suimei called out to Felmenia in a troubled tone.

“Aah, sorry ’bout this, but…” “Yes. I understand fully. It is preferred if I do not inform them that you handled this matter, correct?”

“Yeah.” After Felmenia properly surmised what Suimei meant with his brief words, Suimei nodded back to her as she immediately sprang into action.

“Acknowledged. As you wish, Suimei-dono.” With that, Felmenia’s expression changed to a commanding one in an instant, and she dealt with the soldiers who came running over.

“Good work.” “White Flame-sama! Um, just what is this disastrous scene?” “Well, just a moment ago, Sebastian-dono went mad and caused a disturbance. I have handled things here.”

Felmenia gave a brief explanation without any unnecessary information. It seemed that she would be able to deal with this appropriately. One of the soldiers then suddenly looked over towards Suimei.

“That is, if I’m not mistaken, Hero-sama’s…” “Ah, yes. Suimei-dono happened to be in the area by chance. That is all he had to do with this.”

“Is that so?” “Sebastian-dono is lying on the floor over there. Since we do not know if he will attempt anything further when he wakes, seize him now while you have the chance.”

“Acknowledged.” “Sorry about this.” It turned out that Felmenia was rather capable. She promptly put an end

to the exact conversation Suimei was trying to avoid, and skillfully glossed over it as she changed the subject. There was hardly a shadow of the clumsy and incompetent girl he’d seen in her before. He honestly had trouble processing the disparity, but if this was how she normally carried herself in public, he could understand why the people all saw her as collected and talented.

Finishing her conversation with the soldiers, Felmenia once more turned towards Suimei. She’d returned to the normal personality he expected to see from her. The change was serious enough that he had to wonder where that gallant woman dealing with the soldiers just now had gone. Indeed, she was now blushing again full force.

“Was that to your liking?” “Y-Yeah.” Felmenia tottered over towards him full of smiles and joy. She was acting like some kind of puppy who had gotten emotionally attached. Looking at her, Suimei could practically see a puppy wagging its tail and waiting for praise from its master as she stood in front of him expectantly. Suimei spoke to her with bewilderment mixed into his voice.

“Thank you, ummm… Menia?” “Y-You are very welcome!”

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

Just what had her in such high spirits? The moment he thanked her, Felmenia hopped about as she spun in a circle. Her behavior only served to further Suimei’s bewilderment.

After that, the arrest of Court Mage Sebastian Kran was completed without a hitch. Felmenia’s mood, however, stayed girlish and giddy.

“What the hell’s with her?” It seemed this young man could no longer speak ill of Reiji in this regard.

★

The Kingdom of Astel, in front of the grand gates of Royal Castle Camellia.

There stood ranks of the kingdom’s soldiers, a band, and groups of first- class knights to the front and rear. And in the midst of it all, a carriage carrying Reiji, Mizuki, and Titania appeared.

The moment they passed through the gates, they would be going out to meet the people of the royal capital of Metel for the first time. This would be the first leg of their journey. They were about to take their first steps towards the subjugation of the Demon Lord with their grand unveiling parade in town, and Suimei was none too happy about it.

“So it’s finally come, huh?” Just as Suimei said, the time had finally come. The day that they would depart on their quest. After the parade, Reiji would immediately leave on his journey with Mizuki and several of the knights. And as the hour approached, there was no helping the regret that showed on Suimei’s face.

Reiji, however, looked cheerful. Was he that hopeful about his upcoming journey? Or was he just hiding his nerves behind a smile? It wasn’t clear which it was, but he maintained his happy visage as he turned to Suimei.

“We’re off.” “Don’t treat it so lightly, damn it.” Suimei’s regretful gaze changed to a suspicious one as he spoke, but Reiji’s expression became extremely serious as he denied the accusation.

“I’m not treating it lightly. Even I’ve thought this through, you know? About how my answer that day was no mistake.”

“No, it was definitely a mistake. No matter how you look at it, it was a

mistake. How many times do I have to say it for you to get it? Seriously.”

Even if Reiji said such a thing with a far-off look in his eyes, Suimei wouldn’t allow himself to get swept up in the emotional atmosphere of it all. He spat some typical quip back at Reiji, but for some reason, Titania brought both her hands before her chest and clasped them together.

“Suimei-sama…” She was the princess of the Kingdom of Astel. It was natural for her to have complex feelings towards such negative statements. She supported the subjugation, but even if it wasn’t exactly the same as the king’s, she must also have felt some guilt about her role in getting the hero involved. Her eyes turned sorrowful and her shoulders trembled. Reiji lightly patted them to try and disperse her anxiety, but turned to Suimei and made his intentions clear.

“Nah, you’re wrong, Suimei. Whether I go or not, the fact remains that the demon armies are advancing into human territory. Those of us who can’t return home have nowhere to run. I realized that whether I go to fight now or not, the day will come when we have to face the Demon Lord anyway. I can’t say for sure when, but that’s why I want to use this chance. If I fight against various enemies and grow stronger now, whether the time to take a stand comes sooner or later, I’ll be all the more ready for it when it does arrive. Obviously, that’s assuming we’re keeping the goal of defeating the Demon Lord in sight though.”

Reiji let his honest thoughts on the matter spill out. Despite his outrageous insistence on participating in the subjugation, in the end, he seemed to have thought out something of a plan for the future.

Suimei couldn’t say that Reiji’s outlook was bad. If they assumed that a standoff with the Demon Lord was inevitable, then his approach wasn’t a bad one. Suimei did his best to stifle his usual snark and continue the conversation.

“You don’t think that if you run away, someday someone else will come along and defeat them?”

“I can’t count on things progressing so conveniently. Sure, it’s a possibility. But if I bank on that assumption and it ends up being a bust, we’re all gonna die.”

It was good not to be optimistic, but… “You always just pitch straight forward and slam into your problems,

huh?”

“Is that bad?” “I don’t hate it, but just this time around, I don’t think it would kill you to reel it in. This isn’t anything like those delinquents and biker gangs in the neighborhood.”

Suimei was talking about their past together. In their everyday lives, Suimei somehow or other always ended up playing sidekick to Reiji’s superhero, and they’d tussled with all sorts of people because of it.

In the end, Reiji’s physical strength and good heart always managed to find a way to resolve things, but this time around was completely different. Their opponents weren’t even human; they were demons. The chances of them having the will of neighborhood bullies was predictably low. Yet Reiji spoke with confidence.

“Yeah, but you know, I’m not either now.” “…Seriously, you always have the last word, don’t you?” “Hahaha.” Seeing Suimei’s tired expression, Reiji let out a good laugh. Did he find this kind of exchange between trusted friends to be that fun? Suimei certainly didn’t hate it either. And after having heard Reiji out, Suimei gave his reply.

“I get what you’re thinking. If you’re not going out there to die, but so that you can survive, I have nothing to say. It’s just… Don’t do anything stupid.”

Suimei could understand his thought process. Even if it was reckless, it wasn’t just recklessness. If he was doing what he thought he had to in order to survive, then he would by using his head more than normal. But even so, Suimei had to throw in a reminder. When he did, Reiji gave him a somewhat serious expression.

“It’s alright. From here, we’re going to head straight for the heart of the Demon Lord’s territory and—”

“Hey.” “Hahaha, I’m kidding. First and foremost, I have to get stronger. Like I said, yeah?”

As Suimei interrupted him with a tired voice, Reiji laughed it off. With such a serious topic, how was it he could still throw a joke in the conversational gears like that? Reiji probably was anxious in his own way.

If he was too tense all the time, it would be hard on him, so he was likely blowing off stress wherever he could. That’s why he wanted to laugh away the tension in these lighthearted moments.

Suimei couldn’t really find fault in him for that. How could he? Reiji was being pressured from every direction just by being the hero. This was his way of resisting the intense pressure those fetters created. That’s why Suimei said what he needed to next in a whisper that only Reiji could hear.