And then, judging that there was no longer any need to remain on guard after hearing the words “hero” and “summoning” from their conversation, Suimei discreetly canceled his magicka. Reiji also seemed to relax as he came out of his stance. Suimei then turned to Mizuki.

“Hey, Mizuki, it seems this was a bit of a surprise for them too. Is this kind of development normal?”

“Well, yes. There are stories where the friends of the summoned hero are caught up in things too, but…”

Mizuki suddenly looked troubled, like it was hard to explain further. Suimei was left hanging. Just what was it she was afraid to say?

“Mizuki, are you worried about something?” “Um, in this kind of scenario, one of the hero’s friends—in our case, that would be one of us—usually forms a pact with an evil god and becomes the antagonist.”

“What the hell, seriously? Now an evil god’s going to show up for no reason? Why?”

“I’m not really sure myself…” Mizuki trembled with anxiety. Frankly speaking, Suimei wanted to do the same thing. No, he just wanted to run away. He just couldn’t get his head around why something as extreme as an evil god would suddenly show up.

He might have been able to understand if it was just an avatar or some other manifestation of its power, but actually summoning an evil god would cause deaths in the thousands. Even if the summoned hero somehow managed to scrape by on bare luck, they would have a dangerous incarnation of evil eyeing them forever after that. And people rarely ever got that lucky twice. Without some sort of intervention, it seemed the hero would still meet an unfortunate end eventually. And that wasn’t what Suimei wanted. Thinking about it sent a chill down his spine. While lost in his own thoughts, Reiji continued questioning Mizuki.

“The antagonist? Why would one of you end up fighting with me?” “In this scenario, either me or Suimei-kun would come to oppose your

way of thinking, Reiji-kun, and end up making a pact with the evil god as a way to fight against you.”

“What…?” Reiji went visibly pale upon hearing Mizuki’s explanation. He was dumbfounded. Seeing his response, Mizuki desperately tried to backpedal.

“But, but I would never do that, Reiji-kun! I don’t hate you! I l-l-l-l- lo…”

She must have been too embarrassed to say it directly to his face. Her voice steadily trailed off until it was completely inaudible. Reiji then awkwardly turned his head towards Suimei.

“Th-Then… it’s you, Suimei?” “Heh, to be honest, I’ve always secretly thought you were a real bottom- feeding braggart who should just drop dead.”

“—!” A dark passion could be seen filling Suimei’s eyes as he spoke, and Reiji was left at a loss for words.

“I’m kidding…” “S-Suimei…” “I really am kidding. If I hated you, why would I have gone out of my way to keep your company for the last six years? Just think about it.”

“Th-That’s right. Th-Thank god…” Hearing that Suimei and Mizuki were on his side, Reiji now let out a sigh of relief. And while the three of them were having that exchange, the blue-haired girl called out to them with the dignity of a graceful princess.

“Um, excuse me. I apologize for the interruption, but would you mind speaking with us?”

“Oh, of course.” Reiji politely agreed, and the young woman with blue hair and a prominent forehead gave a graceful bow before introducing herself.

“I must truly apologize for calling you forth so abruptly. I am the second child of His Majesty King Almadious Root Astel, king of the Kingdom of Astel. My name is Titania Root Astel, and here with me is the one who strove to bring you here on this occasion…”

As if to show she had someone else to introduce, the girl with the large forehead, Princess Titania, lightly turned to the side. The robed girl she was speaking of took a single step forward.

“I am Court Mage Felmenia Stingray. It is a pleasure to meet you.” This was the young lady the princess had called “White Flame” in their earlier conversation. She had beautiful silver hair that reached her waist with neat braids hanging down next to both her ears. Her slightly angled eyes seemed to convey a sense of pride. She made a lasting, intense impression, but she also had some rather charming, likeable features. As befitting someone who called themselves a court mage, mana was fluidly flowing through her body. The same was true for the princess, but this woman seemed far more adept at its control.

Wait, this woman is the one who summoned us here? That son of a… Before him now was the person responsible for their current predicament. Feeling nothing pleasant at making her acquaintance, Suimei grumbled to himself. Once the girls finished their introductions, Reiji stepped forward and politely returned the gesture.

“Thank you for such a courteous greeting. My name is Shana Reiji. If it is more common here to put the surname last, then please feel free to call me Reiji Shana. These two with me are my good friends. To my right is Mizuki Anou, and to my left is Suimei Yakagi.”

Exactly when did he learn to be so formal? Princess Titania and Court Mage Felmenia responded quite admiringly to Reiji. They were rather dignified themselves, but they seemed to be pleased with Reiji’s manners. When she had the chance, Mizuki stepped forward next.

“Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Mizuki Anou…” When she was finished, Suimei took a step forward too. “I’m… Suimei Yakagi.” He kept things short and sweet. He didn’t really have anything else to say, and he could tell this was the kind of situation where he should avoid saying anything imprudent. Titania then passed her gaze over the three of them, and closed her eyes as if deep in thought. And then…

“Reiji-sama, Mizuki-sama, and Suimei-sama, correct? The reason that we have summoned you under such circumstances… You see, there’s something that we must ask one of the three of you.”

“What is it?” “We need you to destroy the Demon Lord Nakshatra, the leader of the demons who currently threaten the peace of this world.”

The moment Princess Titania said those words, the three friends all gave

each other knowing looks. Suimei was then the only one that put his hand on his forehead and looked up at the ceiling like he wanted out.

★

Summoned to another world, greeted by a princess and a court mage, then asked to save the world. It was practically textbook. The three friends were able to keep up appearances on the surface, but each of them truly felt like they’d had their legs knocked out from under them.

“Man…” “Wow…” “Oh my god…” In the end, they weren’t able to keep it together after all. Each one of them broke into a different kind of sigh. They now looked like they were at their wits’ end from the shock of it all, and Titania began questioning them in a somewhat bewildered tone.

“And so, I must apologize for the abruptness of it all, but which among you is the esteemed hero?”

“Um…” “That’s…” In response to her question, Reiji and Mizuki looked at each other with troubled expressions. There was no way they would know if they were heroes or not. How could they? As far as they knew, they were just ordinary civilians. If anyone had asked them if they were heroes otherwise, they certainly would have said no. As such, there seemed to be no answer to the question posed to them now. But they couldn’t just stay in the dark; things would never progress that way. And so Suimei decided to step in.

“Can I ask something?” “Yes, please feel free to ask anything you see fit.” “Is there something that would indicate who the summoning target was? Like a sign that should prove that one of us is a hero?”

“Proof of being a hero? A sign, you say?” Suimei nodded, and Titania looked over to Felmenia. Felmenia met her gaze and nodded, then turned towards Suimei to give him an answer.

“Yes, there is such a thing. The hero who is summoned by the ritual is given divine protection by the Elements upon crossing worlds, and should

house tremendous power within their body. In other words, one among you should feel power flowing within you unlike anything you’ve ever experienced… Does one of you not match that description?”

“If that’s how it is, I think that would be me. Since coming here, I’ve felt like I became much stronger—stronger than I could have ever imagined.”

The soldiers in the room began whispering amongst themselves and let out a collective “oooh” at Reiji’s response. It was true that Reiji seemed to be the only one who’d gotten any power when they were transported, but be that as it may…

She said “by the Elements,” didn’t she? Suimei scrutinized the girl’s words internally. Elements, elemental, elementary… Such words in the world Suimei was from were used to describe chemical elements, or more esoterically, the four or five arcane elements. Earth, water, fire, and wind made up the traditional four, and including the void made it a more conceptual five. These words and the things they represented played an extremely important role in magicka.

Yet the way Felmenia had phrased it made it sound like she was referring to a living being. Even though magicka could work hand in hand with spiritual religious faith, and even though the core of its practice was calling on spirits for power, the nuance was a little strange.

But they were in another world now. There was no guarantee that things worked exactly how Suimei would expect them to. If they were identical, there would be no need for the division between worlds in the first place. There had to be some reason these two worlds were separated—something that made this one different. Perhaps the difference was Elemental…

“So then you are the esteemed hero?” “Well… Yes, I think so.” While Suimei was ruminating over the Elements, Titania’s intoxicated eyes fell on Reiji. It appeared she had some special feelings for this “hero.” Of course, it didn’t hurt that he happened to be quite handsome. Seeing her looking at him like that, Reiji was somewhat taken aback. Even more so when Titania suddenly grabbed his hand.

“Hero-sama, though it is truly presumptuous of me, please… I’m in your hands!”

“H-Huh?!” “Y-Your Highness?!”

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

It seemed that the girl in the white robe, Felmenia, was just as surprised by this sudden outburst as Reiji was. She called to Titania in a fluster, and it was only then that she seemed to realize what she’d said. The princess then let go of his hand as she blushed a little.

“Goodness… You have my deepest apologies, Hero-sama. I of all people shouldn’t be acting so impertinently in a situation like this… Well, now then, I believe His Majesty the King will explain things in the audience chamber, so please give us your reply then.”

“U-Understood.” Still caught in the vortex of confusion, Reiji somehow managed to collect himself and offer an acceptable answer. Felmenia then took a step forward towards him.

“H-Hero-sama, allow me to introduce myself once more. My name is Felmenia Stingray.”

“Ah, yes. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” “I believe we’ll be seeing a lot of each other from here on. It’s an honor to work with you. I’ll be in your hands as well.”

“What? Oh, yes, of course…” Felmenia nonchalantly echoed the princess’s sentiment as she bowed, and Reiji replied politely despite not really grasping what was going on. Titania, however, cleared her throat in a rather forced fashion.

“Ahem, White Flame-dono…” “M-My apologies. I’m getting ahead of myself.” “Now then, please come this way, you all. I will personally show you to His Majesty.”

At Titania’s command, the soldiers once again fell into line and opened a path for Suimei and the others.

★

After following the soldiers down an unfamiliar and gloomy passage for a ways, the group emerged from the dimly lit stone hallway into a bright and dazzling marble passage with ornamental candlesticks dotted along the walls. Unlike where they’d been previously, this area was elaborately decorated and neatly kept. Here and there were works of art, paintings, and ornamental suits of armor that gave the place a truly splendid atmosphere. It

was unlike anything they’d ever seen before.

But that was perhaps to be expected—this was another world. It truly seemed to be one of fantasy, swords, and sorcery. But from what he’d seen of it and its people so far, Suimei had already formed some rather strong opinions.

Apart from the unnamed soldiers who were escorting them, they’d met two young women—a princess and a court mage. Titania, perhaps because of the charming impression he’d made on her, was walking with Reiji and talking to him nonstop. She’d started by asking about the world he’d come from, and then moved on to asking about his age and his specialties. Her high spirits and incessant chatter made her look like a girl walking together with a boy she had fallen in love with. Suimei was a little jealous.

Mizuki was too, albeit for different reasons. It wasn’t like she was Reiji’s girlfriend, but out of all the girls he knew, she was definitely the closest thing. It was certainly what she wanted to be. And now a beautiful girl—a princess, no less—had suddenly jumped in the way and was vying for his attention. It didn’t really show on her face, but Mizuki was pretty down about it.

But then there was the second girl, Court Mage Felmenia. “Do you need something?” “No, nothing in particular.” For a while now, Felmenia had been glancing back at Suimei, staring in particular at his abdomen. Suimei finally shot back with a question in a slightly sharp tone, but Felmenia simply turned back around like it was nothing and stayed that way. In his mind, Suimei let out a groan.

Was it a failure to keep my magicka on standby? From the looks of it, I’m guessing she saw through me and knows I can use magicka now…

It was one blunder after another for Suimei, it seemed. Right now, he just wanted to dig a hole to hide in, but he knew he’d never get away with that.

The existence of magicka and magicians was a secret in the world Suimei came from. It had to be. In the modern era where science was king, magicka was considered heresy. The zeitgeist made sure to stamp out anything that might stand to dethrone science, and that included magicka. But in this world, how were its users regarded? This girl who called herself a court mage was walking alongside a princess who was clearly her social

superior, but it was hard to tell what her standing was otherwise.

Outright using magicka would be a quick and easy way to get the answers Suimei wanted, but it was a bad idea. He didn’t want to out himself to Reiji and Mizuki like that. And it was exactly because he wanted to keep them in the dark about his talents that his first priority now was finding a way to keep Felmenia from talking. He would have to think of some countermeasures.

“Here we are. This is the audience chamber. His Majesty awaits, so let us go forth.”

Titania indicated the door they’d arrived at. It looked large enough that even giants could pass through it, not to mention how extravagant and grandiose it was. One of the soldiers who had been attending them called out to another guard stationed at the door. The porter then muttered something, and before long, the door slowly began opening.

“Whoa!” “Huh?!” Reiji and Mizuki both gasped when they saw it. It was undoubtedly a surprise to them to see a door opening unassisted. The porter wasn’t touching it, and it certainly didn’t look like an automated door. Not having any idea what was afoot, Reiji asked Titania about it.

“H-How did it open?” “…With magic? Was it to your liking?” “Ah, I see, there’s magic here, huh?” “‘Here?’” “Magic doesn’t exist in our world, you see.” “Is that true?!” “Yes.” “That must mean this is your first time seeing it, is it not?” Seemingly pleased by how impressed Reiji sounded, Titania was grinning ear to ear. Felmenia, however, seemed to be panicking a little. She quickly began to assert herself to Reiji.

“I-I can accomplish such a mean feat with ease.” “Really?” “Despite how I may look, I am one of Astel’s proud court mages, after all.”

“Wow, Felmenia-san is also amazing, huh?”

“W-Well… Heehee…” It was difficult to tell if Reiji was genuinely impressed or if he was just being polite, but Felmenia suddenly became bashful. Was she weak to flattery? Perhaps anyone would be if the summoned hero praised their skills. The disparity between her normally intense aura and the carefree smile on her face now was amusing, if not charming. On the other hand, Mizuki’s eyes were still sparkling at the sight of the enormous door opening.

“Amazing… So magic really does exist…” It seemed she was quite interested in the bigger picture. But as a girl who loved fantasy novels, that much was expected. This was right up her alley.

Suimei was paying attention to the magic as well, but as a magician, he was naturally more invested in the details than Mizuki was. He hadn’t quite heard the chant that the porter had used, but he easily had a handle on the spell’s composition, the deployment of the formula, the manifestation of its power, and the activation effect.

Wind, right? What opened the door was simple magic—a wind spell that consisted of three verses, which had physically pushed the door to open it. The porter’s control over the spell was splendidly fluent. He must have been an exemplary magician, but…

Hmm, but I wonder… Why wind? Why go out of the way to utilize an element as an intermediary and increase the workload just to open a door? No matter how you look at it, using a three-verse chant so impractically is just completely over the top, isn’t it?

Rather than being stunned at the fact that magic existed, he was puzzled at how inefficiently it was being used. The porter was talented, certainly, but Suimei could only describe what he’d done as wasteful. Optimizing the available mana, he could have invoked a movement spell, and that would have been that.

Suimei just couldn’t figure why anyone would use a wind spell to achieve the same effect in a roundabout way. It would increase the length of the chant that much more, and increase the mana required for the invocation.

And since a spell like that took more time and mana than necessary,

Suimei couldn’t see any merit to it. Speaking frankly, a task that simple shouldn’t have even required a chant. If Suimei had done it—or if any other magician he knew had done it—opening a door with magicka shouldn’t have taken any more effort than snapping his fingers. He decided not to dwell on it, but just how much excess mana had been wasted merely to open a door? Honestly, Suimei just couldn’t get his head around it.

Maybe the porter just likes going the extra mile for flair? He left it at that. Perhaps the royal porter simply enjoyed being showy. If that were the case, it would be a little easier to understand. He had no real reason to nitpick the man’s style anyway, but whenever Suimei saw magicka in action, he had a habit of analyzing its practicality and efficiency. But while he was turning that over, Titania suddenly started talking to him.