Chapter 1: I’m Not Something You Just Summon!

“Owowow…” It had happened so suddenly that there was no chance to prepare, and the price for not being ready was the pain he was feeling in his rear end. Suimei could only leak out his anguish with a pained complaint.

He had been caught completely off guard. Even though he’d had a premonition that something would happen beforehand, there was just no predicting how suddenly. And without any warning, he hadn’t even been able to make a proper landing. Worse yet, the floor was hard. It felt like stone pavement or tiling. Suimei had fallen square on his bottom, and his tailbone was screaming in pain.

Suimei wondered briefly what had just happened. But there was no need to think back on it too seriously; it had only happened moments ago. While walking home from school with two of his friends, a magickal teleportation circle had suddenly appeared on the roadside and forcefully sucked them in. Then, after being teleported, he was rudely deposited on the floor. That was one of the perks of sudden teleportation he could do without.

…This is definitely a huge blunder… Living in the concrete jungle of the modern world, Suimei had been walking down the secret path of magicka. Though he’d only been at it for a modest twelve years, he’d achieved a certain level of skill and was proud of that. Yet even he, a savvy modern magician, had been caught in someone else’s magicka so easily.

He had sensed it—seen it right in front of his own eyes, even—but was unable to respond appropriately in time. He’d simply stood there blankly in the single second it had taken for the spell to ensnare him. What could he call such a failure other than a blunder? He was ashamed and disappointed.

And that only made things worse. Humiliation and pain compounded within him, manifesting as tears in the corners of his eyes. Suimei then

looked to either side of him for the friends he’d been with just a moment ago.

“Owowow…” Beside Suimei, who was brushing off his butt, was his friend Shana Reiji, who appeared to be dealing with the same pain Suimei was going through. Reiji had dyed brown hair with every strand neatly styled into place, as well as a sweet countenance and slender figure that could render women weak in the knees. Spotting him, Suimei called out to him.

“Hey, Reiji, you okay?” “Yeah… Somehow. How about you, Suimei?” “My butt hurts. A lot. I think it’s broken clean in two…” “Hahaha, you too— Wait, Suimei, are you the only other one here?!” Reiji laughed brightly at Suimei’s foolish joke, but only for a short moment. He then immediately realized the absence of the third person who had been walking with them, their friend Anou Mizuki, and raised a panicked voice.

Briefly looking around, it certainly seemed she was missing. She had been with them just moments ago, but was now nowhere to be found. The cylindrical room was enclosed by stone walls and was atmospherically lit by old-fashioned candlesticks. All they could see was a sturdy-looking door across from them, and a pattern drawn on the stone floor beneath their feet —a teleportation circle.

“Y-Yeah… Mizuki isn’t here, huh?” A bit confused himself, Suimei could only mutter in response to his increasingly anxious friend. Reiji’s expression grew dark as the questions continued to mount in his mind.

“What happened…? And where is this…?” “Yeah, I don’t know where this is either. But it seems that someone wanted us here, however weird and rude it might have been. That much… I do kinda understand.”

“…Could it be because of this?” Following Reiji’s dubious gaze, Suimei looked down at the floor where the large magicka circle was and inspected it once more. Inside the large circle, another circle about a quarter of its size was drawn at its edge. The geometric shapes drawn within didn’t conform with the traditional four elements, nor did they conform with the five elements of the Chinese

philosophy of wu xing. Words were scribed around the rim of the circle in a language that Suimei had never seen before. He could tell that the circle was similar to what was used with spirit communication and summoning magicka, but it would have to be his secret.

After all, Reiji was a completely normal boy. Suimei and Reiji had known each other since middle school, but Suimei had never introduced him to the mysteries of magicka that existed in their world, much less revealed the fact that he himself was actually a magician. He was oblivious to such things, meaning everything he could guess about the circle beneath them came from manga and anime subculture—the world of fiction.

“Probably, right?” “Really…?” Reiji looked dumbfounded in response to Suimei’s barefaced acknowledgment of such a possibility. Granted, the situation certainly seemed to warrant that level of disbelief. Even Suimei’s expression was tinged with a certain sense of incredulity.

“Hey, Suimei, doesn’t this situation… How do I put it…? Doesn’t it seem awfully familiar?”

“Yup. The light novel Mizuki lent me the other day definitely went something like this.”

“Thought so. This feels like the kind of setup where you’re suddenly summoned to another world and asked to defeat a Demon Lord. Or something like that.”

“Nope, not doing it. I’m not even considering that a joke right now.” Suimei grimaced like his stomach was in pain. Reiji’s expression was riddled with complex emotions, but he managed a somewhat dry laugh.

“Hahaha… But you know, even though I know it’s impossible, I dunno… I kinda feel like that’s what’s going on.”

“Reiji, are you being serious right now?” “Mm.” “Hey, don’t just nod and ‘mm’ me…” Exasperated by Reiji’s simple nod and deduction, Suimei averted his gaze for a moment and began to use magicka to analyze their surroundings without letting Reiji catch on. As things stood, he wasn’t fully willing to buy in to such a fantastical straight-out-of-a-book scenario, but if they truly were in another world, something about the place should be different

enough for him to tell.

Though it was impromptu, Suimei prepared his spell and started processing the information it gathered for him. Gravity here was normal, and there was no major difference in the composition of the air. It was insignificant enough to think that they’d just been transported to a different locale. However…

The mana is thick here… Is it because of this room? Mana, otherwise known as aetheric, was the source of mystical power that existed naturally in the atmosphere, and it was particularly dense here. Such density was comparable to that found right on top of ley lines in the earth or within holy temples and circles.

However, that alone wasn’t enough to convince Suimei that this was a different world, not to mention that it was an absurd idea. It was more likely someone selected a place with dense mana so that they could activate this magicka circle.

But more importantly, Reiji should have no techniques to observe and no way to perceive the irregularity in mana. If he felt that something was strange, it was likely something else.

“What makes you say that, Reiji?” “Just one way or another, I feel like I’ve become really strong.” “Wha…? Aaah, is it that? Did your brain blow a fuse, my dear Reiji- san?”

“Listen, it’s not like I’m telling you I’m receiving radio waves or something. Just watch.”

With those words, Reiji reached out of the circle and lightly struck the floor. There was a smashing sound disproportionate to the strength of the gentle blow, and the stone floor shattered to pieces so violently that it sent debris flying.

“Th-That kind of idiotic…” Seeing it happen right before his very eyes, Suimei could only stare in wonder. Reiji may have been the all-around, good-looking, good-at-sports perfect guy, but this just wasn’t right. It wasn’t possible. The requisite amount of power required to render stone to pieces like that… Doing that should have required a good impact with serious weight and force behind it. It literally shouldn’t have been possible with just a poke. This was unreasonable even for a strong, perfect guy like Reiji. Yet in spite of all this,

he was acting as if it was all quite natural.

“See? I did it.” “‘See?’ My ass! Don’t move the plot forward in such an ominous direction…”

It certainly did seem ominous. If this was truly a forced summoning to another world…

Indeed, Suimei was now sure they’d entered an unknown dimension. Someone with skills that overleaped his had brought them here. The art of physically reinforcing a body in addition to summoning it was no simple ritual, but… Turning that over in his mind, Suimei suddenly realized something else. As a magician, it was only natural that he took to analyzing the mana and any sort of magicka that had been involved. But even so, all things considered, he was the one being extraordinarily casual about the whole thing.

“So how about you, Suimei?” “…No, nothing seems different for me.” He knew Reiji was really asking if he’d undergone some sort of strengthening as well, but Suimei had answered honestly. When he tried clenching his fist and gathering his mana, there was no hint of any change.

That had to mean Reiji had been the one summoned as a hero to defeat the Demon Lord. There was no point in summoning Suimei here. But just as he slumped his shoulders, the magicka circle beneath their feet suddenly began to glow. Reiji’s expression abruptly shifted to one of unease.

“This is…” “Tch, it’s activating! Are we being transferred again, or maybe…?” “Something is being summoned?!” Reiji understood the implication quickly. In fact, he hit the nail on the head and put himself on guard accordingly. A magicka circle smaller than the one on the ground then suddenly appeared in the air.

“It’s coming!” “Wah!” A voice came from the circle, and Reiji swiftly took action the moment a shadow emerged. He seemed to have realized what was coming out, but demonstrated a level of agility far beyond what he was previously capable of in responding to it. Was it the result of the physical reinforcement? Either way, Reiji managed to catch Anou Mizuki, the girl who had fallen from

above without warning.

“Mizuki!” “Wah… Reiji-kun, what…?” “Good for you, Mizuki. Thanks to Reiji, your butt was saved.” Thus, the three friends were reunited again in this unknown place.

★

“You’re kidding. Seriously…?” “Yup, that seems to be the case.” After catching Mizuki, Reiji explained their current predicament to her and what he’d deduced about it so far. Mizuki seemed to be thrown for a loop at first, but was predominantly glad that she wasn’t alone. Encouraged by the presence of her two best friends, she gradually came to terms with the current situation. Her willingness to accept it rather than deny it showed both boys that she had some guts.

“Hmm… Okay.” “You accepted that all pretty fast, huh?” “Well, the two of you are pretty calm about it. If I’m the only one who breaks down, can you imagine how embarrassing that would be? And besides, since we’re already here, what else is there to be done? We have to accept it one way or another.”

Mizuki seemed to have a refreshing take on it all, and explained herself to the boys while fiddling with the unseasonable red muffler around her neck. She had long, black hair and gentle, coal black eyes. She had a certain look about her that gave the impression she was a dainty and fragile young woman. Yet though she looked rather meek, she apparently had quite a stout heart inside her. The boys had only known her under normal day-to-day circumstances, so it seemed there was plenty they still had to learn about Mizuki. Reiji then smiled at her.

“Mizuki, you’re pretty tough, aren’t you?” “Huh? A-Am I?” Having that smile directed at her, Mizuki finally caved. Her face turned bright red. This kind of exchange was typical for them, including Reiji being unaware of the effect he had on girls.

And just like that, the strange and potentially frightening situation they

found themselves in was diffused by a completely inappropriate atmosphere. Determining it was counterproductive, however, Suimei decided to change course and get things back on track.

“So, Mizuki, I want to ask you something.” “What’s up?” “Well, about this situation that we’re in now… If it’s nonsensically similar to those novels you read, then after this…”

“Mm, yeah. Someone important from this world should appear. Or possibly…”

What could it be? The first part of her reply was definitely what he would have expected from reading one of her books, but what was this about another possibility? She made it sound like there was another direction this could go, so Reiji prodded her for more details without pause.

“Is there something else?” “In one of the books I read, the hero was summoned somewhere else… And if we were following a plotline like that, that would mean we’re in the Demon Lord’s palace right now.”

“You mean starting right at the climax?” “Yeah, the last dungeon.” “Ugh… Isn’t that a bit much, honestly?” Suimei let out a disheartened groan. In the majority of novels like this, after being summoned, the hero must face several trials, twists, and turns before defeating the Demon Lord at the end of the story. But what Mizuki was suggesting meant that they’d be starting from there, right at the climax —the final boss.

That thought didn’t thrill Suimei. It meant they’d be in serious danger, and this wasn’t exactly where he wanted to spend his last breath. Reiji, on the other hand, began questioning Mizuki in a calm tone.

“If memory serves, that’s the kind of story where they defeat the Demon Lord right away, then return to live in the new world as heroes, right?”

“Yup. Then they either challenge the next powerful enemy, or end up getting involved in a war between countries though…”

“Okay, but the situation that we’re in right now…” “I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s something similar to what Reiji-kun was thinking.”

“Oh my god…”

Mizuki’s assessment left Suimei quite dejected. His discontentment left his lips as a pained sigh. This sounded more and more like it was going to be a huge pain. If what Mizuki was suggesting was true, it would only be inevitable that he’d get dragged into it. And since Suimei had other plans, this would end up being a major speed bump for him.

“Anything’s possible. I guess we’ll see, huh?” And the moment Mizuki said that, Suimei could hear something—using his ears that were enhanced with magicka—coming from outside the room. Erasing his presence, keeping alert, and killing any excess noise, Suimei called out to the others.

“You guys.” “Huh?” “Yeah, I know.” “Oh? Is that also a result of your strengthening?” “I think so, but if so, how are you able to hear it, Suimei?” “My, uh, ears have always been good… Actually, this isn’t the time for that.”

Suimei brushed off the question with a light joke. He and Reiji were on the same page now, but Mizuki had yet to grasp the situation.

“H-Huh?” “Mizuki, someone’s approaching right now. Quite a few people, actually.”

Reiji recognized the distinct sound of many footsteps approaching. It seemed that the strengthening effect didn’t just make him physically stronger. And once he gave Mizuki the short of it, Reiji positioned himself in front of her with the intention of protecting her while he focused on the passage that lay beyond the door. Mizuki shrank back in anxiety, and Suimei also put himself on guard next to Reiji.

“Now then, just what is going to pop out…?” “Hopefully it’s someone important from this world rather than the bad guys.”

“Are you kidding, Reiji? Hopefully it’s our classmates with a sign that says ‘Surprise!’”

“…” Reiji didn’t respond to Suimei’s all too optimistic humor. Was it because the footsteps were drawing ever nearer? Or was it because he was hoping

for something other than that? Maybe Reiji honestly believed the best-case scenario would be if someone important walked through that door. Suimei had no way of knowing what he was really thinking, but now that the footsteps were just on the other side of the door, it would only be a matter of seconds before they saw who it really was.

Suimei cast a fleeting glance to his side. He could see Reiji lower his stance, ready to spring into action at any time, and Mizuki stepping back so that she wouldn’t get in his way. As for Suimei, rather than stiffening up at the prospect of danger, his heart was pounding at the thrill of the unknown. He was in his element right now, and that was his natural curiosity as a magician at work.

Suppressing his excitement, he quietly inspected the belongings he had with him. He’d been brought here completely unprepared, so he had nothing other than what he usually carried on his person.

I have my bag, inside of which is a chain accessory, a vial of mercury, cards, my suit, the gloves of discord, and a little of the Yakagi secret medicine… Frankly, I’m a little unsure about whipping any of that out, but…

If something happened, he wouldn’t have a choice. Because Reiji and Mizuki were used to peaceful everyday life in Japan, Suimei was the only one with combat experience among the three of them. He’d had his fair share of run-ins in the underworld. He certainly wanted to keep that and his powers a secret from his friends, but if that came at the cost of their lives, he wouldn’t hesitate to reveal himself. Even in the worst case, though he would feel guilty about it, there was the option of manipulating their memories.

The three of them each tensed up as the footsteps came to a complete stop. The brief moment after that seemed to last forever. But eventually, the door finally opened with the sound of something heavy being dragged across the ground. Reiji immediately readied himself.

“Tch!” “Mea firma aegis.” [My solid shield.] With that, Suimei put his defensive magicka on standby. It wasn’t out of the question that whoever it was would suddenly attack upon seeing them. Better safe than sorry, after all.

What appeared in the doorway was a group of armored men who didn’t look particularly friendly. From what Suimei could see, however, they looked to be human. They didn’t appear to be monsters, demons, or other evil beings, so that much was a relief, at least.

The armored group then stood along the wall, forming orderly ranks while facing the three friends vigilantly. Just what was going to happen? Suimei kept his magicka at the ready, but the wall of armored men parted. A young woman with blue hair wearing a pink dress, and a second girl with silver hair wearing a white robe the color of a polished pearl then appeared.

“Huh…?” “Hmm?” Both girls tilted their heads to the side in unison, looking as though something completely unexpected were unfolding right in front of them. Then the girl with the blue hair leaned in and began quietly whispering to the other one.

“White Flame-dono, was there not supposed to be a single summoned hero?”

“No, it is just as you say.” “Yet there are three people present here…” “I-Indeed there are… About that, this is merely conjecture on my part, but let’s just assume one of these three is, in fact, the hero. I would imagine then that the other two simply got caught up in the hero summoning.”

“But how could that be? I’ve never seen records of such a thing happening. I’ve never even heard of it.”

“Neither have I, Your Highness. Yet even so, here three people stand before us, so…”

“The probability is rather high, you mean.” They were talking privately to one another, but Suimei could overhear them thanks to his enhanced hearing. He expected Reiji could hear them as well, but wasn’t sure he could understand what they were saying. What they were speaking, after all, wasn’t Japanese, or any other language from Earth, for that matter. It was a strangely rhythmic language. And even though he didn’t know what it was, Suimei could still decipher it.

Figuratively speaking, it was like the words were being rearranged in his head into a language he knew well, or something to that effect. Since it was considerably intuitive to him, it was difficult to explain in words. The

reason for it was likely because of the kind of spell that was cast on them when they were summoned. It was only a theory of Suimei’s, but he didn’t have much else to go on. The reason why didn’t matter all that much right now. More importantly, it was convenient.