“If you think it’s getting bad, take Mizuki and run away to find somewhere to hide, okay? Just ’cause you became a hero isn’t a guarantee you’ll be able to conveniently defeat your enemy like in some manga or novel, you got it?”

“I got it. But I want to do everything that I can.” “How stubborn.” Seeing that he wouldn’t yield, Suimei let out an exasperated sigh. This time, Reiji changed the subject entirely and turned the questioning on Suimei.

“But I’m surprised you got out safely, Suimei.” “Hmm?” “You know, that thing that happened earlier… That.” Seeing that Suimei couldn’t figure it out from Reiji’s vague phrasing, Mizuki managed to guess what he was implying and spoke up.

“Ah, that thing where one of the court mages went on a rampage in the ritual chamber?”

“Mm. I heard you were a bystander, right?” Reiji was talking about the time Suimei carried out his revenge on Court Mage Sebastian Kran. At the time, Reiji and Mizuki were out of the castle, so they had only heard about what happened after the fact.

“Well, yeah. Though I wasn’t really all that close to the action.” “But you got dragged into it, right?” “Well, more or less.” As Suimei gave Reiji nothing but vague responses, Mizuki spoke up like it was too much for her to take.

“When I came back with Reiji-kun and Tia, a whole section of the castle was obliterated. We heard a court mage went on a rampage, and there was a rumor of a giant monster appearing. It was all so surprising…”

After they returned from their little excursion, they’d heard all the

gossip about what had gone down, but not the truth of it. In fact, Suimei had made arrangements to make sure that was the case long before they even went out. After being invited on their little field trip the other day, he consulted the king and Felmenia, and they decided to settle things while the three of them were away from the castle. Granted, no one had expected an apparition to appear.

“It’s really good no one was hurt.” Seeing Reiji’s relieved expression, Suimei replied with a quip. “No one except the ritual chamber.” “As long as you’re safe, Suimei, that’s all that matters.” “I’m surprised you can spout such embarrassing crap with a straight face.”

Reiji’s concern for his safety and the delighted smile on his face were both genuine. And precisely because of that, they both made his embarrassing talk that much harder to listen to. While Suimei was thinking that, Titania called out to him apologetically.

“I’m sorry, Suimei-sama. The people of the castle have caused you so much trouble.”

“No, in the end, Meni… I mean Stingray-san ended up saving me, so there’s no need for you to lower your head, princess.”

Titania let out a sigh of relief as he said that. It was perhaps to be expected, but both she and the king were feeling guilty about an awful lot. As she ruminated on that, Reiji spoke up in a delighted voice.

“That’s our Sensei. Like I thought, she’s amazing.” Nodding repeatedly, he sounded almost boastful. Did he have that much faith in his teacher? He seemed to have a deep admiration for her, if not an outright fancy for her, but…

“Don’t you think so too, Suimei?” “Hmm?” “About Sensei. Don’t you think she’s amazing?” “Ah, yeah, sure. You’re right.” “Right?” Reiji had gotten unusually adamant about getting Suimei to agree with him. What about Felmenia had struck him so?

Aaah… Suimei then realized the heart of the matter. Thinking about it, he was

quite sure his friend had a weakness for women with large breasts. When it came to the subtleties of women’s hearts, he was devastatingly thick, but he certainly had a healthy appetite for their company.

The slight tinge of pink in his cheeks was more than enough to prove he was attracted to her. It was true that Felmenia was quite well endowed in contrast to her height. That wasn’t all there was either, but in any case, it was fundamentally about the breasts for him. And Suimei wasn’t the only one who’d arrived at that conclusion.

“Augh, is Felmenia-san also a rival…?” “White Flame-dono is a formidable adversary, Mizuki. She has that beautiful silver hair as well as her cold and beautiful face. Felmenia is equipped with many weapons.”

Mizuki turned her back to Reiji and was on the verge of tears, but Titania burned with a competitive spirit at the thought of adding a new rival.

“It’s not fair… It’s the jiggle…” “Grr, if I had that, even Reiji-sama would immediately…” The girls both aggrievedly put their hands to their own chests. Giving them a sidelong glance, Reiji seemed eager to move on to another topic.

“What are you going to do from here, Suimei?” “Hmm? I’m thinking of leaving the castle.” “Oh…?” This was the first Reiji had heard of it. Suimei had never mentioned his plans to him before. The same went for Mizuki and Titania, who were both also giving him puzzled expressions. The one to step forward as the representative of the group was Mizuki, and she questioned Suimei with a surprised and worried tone.

“Suimei-kun, what are you gonna do after leaving the castle?” “No, I don’t really have any goals. I’m just going to live outside the castle.”

Suimei told a barefaced lie with a serious face. Reiji made a slightly tense expression as he asked him for details.

“What about living expenses?” “I’ll find a job or something and figure it out one way or another.” After Suimei replied to Reiji, this time it was Titania who had a suggestion for him.

“Suimei-sama. If you were to remain within the castle, my father would guarantee your livelihood. I do not believe that there is any need for you to leave in haste, is there?”

“That may be true, but even so, I want to go.” “Why is that? No matter how good public order is in the royal capital compared to other cities, you come from another world and have neither the knowledge of this land nor the divine protection of the hero summoning… It is difficult to say that life outside the castle will be safe for you. I cannot see any advantage to leaving…”

Certainly, nothing Titania said was wrong. She was operating under the assumption that Suimei had no talent and no power, and her suggestions were very reasonable, however mistaken.

“No, it’s just… I will say this knowing full well that it is discourteous to you, but I feel ill at ease within the castle.”

“Ah…” An awkward expression. With just that, she seemed to have figured it out. Apparently the rumors about Suimei had reached even Titania’s ears. Realizing the meaning behind his words, she fell silent and protested no more. It was Reiji who then got worked up, and made no attempt to hide his displeasure.

“Want me to go say something?” Just what was he thinking? It couldn’t be that he planned to find each and every one of the people who were spreading rumors and ask them to stop… could it? That was far too unreasonable, though it was proof of how great a guy Reiji was.

“No, it’s fine. What are you gonna do by making a mess of everything right as you leave? It’ll only complicate things, so give it a rest.”

“Hmm, but you know…” “It’s fine. I have a good plan for how to handle things.” Mizuki questioned him in a doubtful tone on that note. “A plan? What are you gonna do about money?” “I’m gonna sell my textbooks and other stuff that I don’t need.” “Can you even sell those? Aren’t they all written in Japanese?” “Someone curious will buy them. All I have to do is exaggerate a bit.” “Is that okay?” “Well, yeah.”

“Really?” “Really. At the very least, I have a plan from here.” Hearing that, Mizuki made a complex expression. She was likely unconvinced. If he had studied magic, combat, and general knowledge together with them, she probably wouldn’t have been so nervous—but little did she know that Suimei had in fact acquired all the necessary knowledge on his own. Of course she was worried.

So Suimei decided to try and sweep it all under the rug. He tried changing the subject with Mizuki, who still had a stiff expression on her face.

“But really, it’s fine and all to worry ’bout me, but Mizuki, shouldn’t you worry ’bout yourself?”

“I-I’m okay! ’Cause even I can use magic now!” Just like Reiji, Mizuki had trained in the ways of magic. From what he heard from Titania, she had talent that was comparable to Reiji’s. She may not have been all that worried about it, but that wasn’t the point Suimei was focusing on.

“That’s what I’m talking about. Magic. I’m saying that just ’cause you’re able to use magic now, don’t do things like you did in the past. Right, Reiji?”

As he turned to his buddy who knew the meaning behind such a statement, he got nothing but a dejected laugh in return.

“Ah, ahahah…” “S-S-S-S-Suimei-kun! You promised not to talk about that!” Meanwhile, Mizuki’s face instantly turned bright red as she started to panic. It was a memory she’d long since tried to forget. It was her dark past from around the time Reiji and Suimei first met her.

“Your dad here is quite worried. No matter how much time passes, you’re still wearing that mini belt and that red muffler and those fingerless gloves… What to do?”

“Just when did Suimei-kun become my dad?! I mean, the hero items have nothing to do with it, right?! Don’t pretend to cry…!”

On one hand there was Mizuki, screaming and squawking as she made a racket, and on the other there was Titania, staring silently in confusion. She couldn’t tell what they were talking about. She turned to Suimei with her head titled to the side.

“Something about the past?” “Yeah.” “Suimei-kun! You absolutely can’t say a thing about it, okay?! Absolutely not, you hear?! Absolutely not! I’m not kidding!”

This was easily the most desperate Mizuki had acted ever since arriving in this world. To her, the reveal of her dark past seemed to be a far more serious matter than being summoned to another world. As if to throw Mizuki a lifeline, Reiji turned to Titania, who was only growing more and more curious, and asked her not to pry.

“Mizuki also has a few things going on, Tia.” “I’m concerned.” “Don’t be! It’s a grave secret just between us! A secret garden! It’s something no one else can know about!”

“If that is the case, then all the more, you should…” And so Titania’s expression stiffened in dissatisfaction and the slight sadness of being left out. Deciding that enough time had passed to completely divert the topic from what Mizuki was questioning him about earlier, Suimei turned to the girl who was self-conscious of being left out, and posed her a question.

“Incidentally, is it really alright for you to be participating in the Demon Lord’s subjugation, princess?”

“Oh my, I would ask that you do not underestimate me, Suimei-sama. Even I have mastered magic here in the royal castle. I am certain that I will be of use to Reiji-sama.”

Saying that, Titania proudly thrust out her chest, which was comparable to Mizuki’s. Princess Titania… He didn’t know what her skills with magic were like, but that was not what he was implying.

“I am certain that you excel in regards to magic, princess, but do you not have your position to consider?”

“There is no need to worry. Father will take care of the country. Because his advisors and my elder brother are also present, even in my absence, Astel will manage to get through.”

“No, that is not what I mean—” She was a beloved princess, something like a national treasure. So why was she accompanying them on the dangerous mission of subjugating the Demon Lord? And why was the king allowing it?

Parents naturally thought of their children as precious. So even if it was what the child wished for, could any parent really agree to thrusting them into the arms of danger? It was a poor way of putting it, but surely there were better things for a princess to be doing for her country. Suimei found it baffling. Why had the king really allowed it? However, before Suimei could ask why she would leap into danger despite her position as a princess, she cut him off and stole the initiative with a majestic declaration.

“Suimei-sama, this is the duty that has been charged to me.” “Duty, you say?” “Yes. No matter how strong Reiji-sama is, this country cannot saddle him alone with the burden of saving us. It is only right that a representative of Astel do their part as well. And the one who was chosen to play that role was me. I have long since made up my mind.”

“…” Was that really all there was to it? It wasn’t that Suimei doubted her determination. Her reassuring statement just now was certainly filled with unwavering sincerity. Because she had her own sense of responsibility, she was here in this position by choice. But what would drive her towards such a potentially grim fate? The excuse of defending the honor of the country seemed a little frail.

However, that didn’t really have anything to do with Suimei. Titania was someone who was worth putting his faith in if she was offering to be of help to Reiji and Mizuki, so he felt no need to question her any further.

“Suimei-sama?” “…No, excuse my discourtesy. Please take care of Reiji and Mizuki.” “Of course. Please leave it to me. I will make certain that all of us return safely.”

Titania agreed happily to Suimei’s request. The atmosphere coming from her in that moment was a strong, spirited, noble dignity that was perhaps best summarized as princessly. She then called out to him again.

“And one more thing, Suimei-sama.” “What is it?” “I already consider Reiji-sama and Mizuki to be my irreplaceable friends. By proxy, since you’re such a dear friend to them, I also consider you to be a good friend as well. I would like you to stop speaking to me so formally. Would that be alright with you?”

A modest request, but not something a woman of her station should ever really ask a guy like Suimei.

“Is that really okay?” “Please, by all means.” He doublechecked to make sure, but she confirmed it all the same. And then, feeling just a tiny bit anxious, Suimei pulled himself together and tried to give her what she wanted.

“Got it. I’ll do just that, prin…” “It’s Tia, Suimei.” Titania gave him a sweet and dainty smile. To someone who had no defense against girls, it was the kind of a smile that could fell a man in a single blow. In a sense, it bore a close resemblance to Reiji’s smile. But Suimei couldn’t afford to fall victim, and returned hers with a smile of his own.

“Yeah. Best regards, Tia.” “With this, the four of us are all officially good friends.” In this world, the people she knew as friends were likely just those who paid needless attention to her. Yet as Titania declared the friendship between the four of them now, she looked genuinely happy—like it was her first time making true friends.

Suimei then turned and called out to Reiji. “Hey.” “Hmm?” “It’s just…” However, seeing Reiji’s carefree expression as he looked back at him, Suimei changed his mind and stopped talking. On the spur of the moment, he’d almost said, “If there were a means to return, would you do it? If you wait, I’ll make one.”

But he stopped himself. Even if he’d asked such a thing, there was no way Reiji would stop. It would only needlessly cause him to waver. Since there was no real reason for asking, it would merely be a hindrance. And in that sense, Suimei thought it was better not to ask at all. Harboring the question in his heart, Suimei instead put on a smile and cheered Reiji on.

“Do your best. That’s all.” “Mm, you got it. Thanks, Suimei.” “Yeah.”

Suimei stuck out his fist, and Reiji bumped it with his own. That sealed their farewell, and anything else they were to discuss would have to wait for quite some time. What Suimei got in reply to his nod was a cheerful smile. It was the smile of a man about to take his first step into hardship, but a smile that would not quit or stand down. A smile filled with bravery. It was Reiji’s way of telling Suimei not to worry.

Before long, the preparations for the parade were complete, and Titania called to Reiji.

“Now then, let us depart, Reiji-sama.” “Mm. Mizuki, stick close to me.” “…” As Reiji held out his arm casually, Mizuki forgot to even speak, and shyly nodded with a smile. Reiji himself probably just thought that it was safer if she was closer to him, but there was no way that was what was going through Mizuki and Titania’s minds. Despite being embarrassed, Mizuki happily clung to Reiji, and Titania stared jealously for a moment before shouting.

“R-Reiji-sama! Me too!” “Huh? Tia?!” She then scooped up Reiji’s free arm. He raised a bewildered protest, but only for a moment. Though he was oblivious to her real feelings, he wrapped his arm around Titania as well and held her snugly.

“Mm, okay. You keep close to me too, Tia.” “O-Of course!” Titania flashed a brilliant smile as she raised her voice in delight. With a beautiful woman on each side, and not only that, but with his arms firmly wrapped around both of them, the hero grandly boarded the carriage. Looking around closely, the men in the area—the knights and the soldiers—were gazing at him with envy and even bloodthirst. Suimei felt similarly as he began to mutter to himself.

“Actually, I hope you guys stay here forever…” It was jealousy. Pure jealousy. He couldn’t stop it. It was a frustration most of the other men around understood. However, thinking carefully about what he said, Suimei realized his words could also be interpreted as a wish to let Reiji live a happy life surrounded by women. As Suimei was contemplating this, Reiji turned to him.

“Suimei, did you say something?” “No, nothing at all.” “…Oh? No biggie.” Reiji sounded like he couldn’t tell what was going on. Undoubtedly, for the rest of his life, he would remain oblivious to the nuances of the emotions of others in such situations, both women and men. And with that curious expression still on Reiji’s face, he and the two girls happily stuck to him began to drive away from Suimei in the carriage.

Before long, the sound of the enormous gates opening rang though the air, and the sound of the band playing its music along with the tremendous roar of cheering and clapping could be heard in the direction the carriage had left in.

When the gate finally closed, the only one still standing around was Suimei, as if he’d been left behind. No. He was standing here because he wanted to be. He made that choice for himself. The melancholy and the loneliness he felt now were simply the result of having a hard time accepting that.

“I really did it, huh…?” While staring off into the distance, Suimei muttered to himself. Because he wanted to go back, because he had to return, there was no mistaking the fact that he turned his back to danger. Watching the silhouettes of his friends disappear into the distance as they went to face the danger he shied away from, those feelings floated through his mind.

Right here. On his own. Was his decision to walk down a different path not unforgivable and gutless? Was it not an action unbecoming of a magician of the Society? But no matter how he thought of it, he could only see the choice of walking down the path to defeat the Demon Lord as the wrong decision.

As long as he had his thesis, there was no meaning to it if he didn’t return. Once he accomplished it, he still had a promise he’d sworn to keep. He had someone he was already determined to save. That’s why he felt like he was justified in not burdening himself with the problems of another world. He had his own. But he still couldn’t fight the feeling that such thoughts may have been nothing but childish excuses in front of his two brave friends.

“…”

Ruminating on his situation, Suimei gazed into the sky. What he recalled as he stared up at the vast blue expanse were the figures of those he had gotten involved with up until now.

The one who raised him and taught him magicka, his father who collapsed partway down the path to his aspirations. The one who always forced unreasonable demands on him, the leader of the Society. Cursed by Ludwig, the girl with the blue shadow. The far too straight-laced radical of the Chivalric Order of the Rose Cross. The heiress to the neighborhood swordsmanship dojo, his childhood friend.

His choice was a selfish one. He was well aware of that fact. However, when he recalled their faces as he closed his eyes, he knew it was the only choice.

OceanofPDF.com