Chapter 4: For That Which I Aspire to Be

On this particular day, in a large corridor of Royal Castle Camellia, somebody was in a hurry.

It was a man in a splendid robe—the court mage who had reported to Felmenia on Suimei’s movements. After an emergency gathering in the audience chamber, he was now on his way back to his private quarters. His lean figure that looked like it might snap if he moved the wrong way was hustling down the hall with nimble steps. It was as if he was anticipating something, or perhaps like he was feeling high from an irrepressible joy, and that spurred him on.

“Hmm…?” As he walked along in high spirits, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. He came to a stop in the middle of the corridor, and then as he focused…

“…Reiji-sama, Mizuki. Now is our chance. Quickly.” The man heard a familiar young woman’s voice and shifted his attention to it. At the end of the training ground on the edge of the wall, he spotted the figure of Princess Titania beckoning the hero and his friend while keeping her eyes out on her surroundings in a furtive manner.

It was quite suspicious for them to be in such a place without actually doing any training. While the man was wondering what was going on, Reiji arrived and stood before the princess.

“I-Is this really alright, Tia? Isn’t it bad to just sneak out of the castle on our own…?”

Reiji questioned Titania in an anxious tone. From the obvious way he was trying to stay low and out of sight, he hardly looked like the heroic figure who could challenge the captain of the guard and the court mages on an everyday basis.

“It is alright, Reiji-sama. This would not be the first time that I have

slipped out of the castle without informing anyone, after all.”

“No, that’s not really what I mean. It’s just…” “It is alright. Please leave everything to me. I am certain you will be able to make some fun memories before departing. Though it is regrettable that Suimei-sama is not coming…”

As Titania said that, she cast her eyes down in disappointment. It seemed that they were planning to sneak out and go somewhere. Ever since the hero and his friends were summoned from another world, they had been confined to the castle. Knowing they must have felt stifled, this was most likely some considerate arrangement of the princess’s. Just as the court mage was making that deduction, Mizuki noticed his presence and panicked a little.

“T-Tia, that…” “What is the matter, Mizuki? You look flustered.” “Th-That… That…” Titania didn’t realize what she meant at first, but she saw the man when Mizuki pointed him out. Reiji looked up at the sky with an “oh crap” expression, and Titania’s gaze started to swim around erratically.

“This is, um…” Having been found by someone from the castle, she was shaken and unsure of what to do. Normally he would remonstrate her for her actions, but—to reiterate—right now, this man was truly in good humor. And so…

“Now then, I thought I heard something, but was I mistaken?” Averting his gaze from the three teenagers, the man wondered loudly to himself if he’d imagined the whole scene. He’d let them go this time, and played the fool for their benefit. The three of them didn’t seem to grasp what was going on for a moment, but Titania quickly figured it out and rose to that farce of a stage.

“Th-That’s right. It’s just your imagination. There is nobody here in the training ground.”

“That must be it. There’s no way I could be hearing the voices of Her Royal Highness and Hero-dono in the training grounds on a day with no scheduled training. It seems it’s just my imagination after all.”

With that, he snuck a quick glance and could see Titania sighing in relief. The other two seemed pleased as well. From what he could tell, they were all quite shaken at being caught, and had managed to calm down with

this turn of events.

“Now then, let us go while we have the chance.” “Mm, you’re right. Let’s go, Reiji-kun.” “Thank you very much.” Reiji bowed his head to the man, and the three of them then made use of enhancement magic to leap off the wall surrounding the training grounds. The image of the princess and the hero’s antics as they departed was most unusual and quite amusing.

“Heh heh… Oh dear, me of all people.” Recalling Titania in a complete fluster, the court mage leaked out a stifled laugh. Because something good had happened, he had lost focus and was unable to pin down his emotions.

“Heh heh…” Still in high spirits, the man once more picked up his pace. A glorious court mage could not allow anybody to see them reveling in such a place. At the very least, he’d return to his private quarters before really celebrating.

Before long, the man arrived at his room and entered, shutting the door soundly behind him. He’d been using the same private quarters in Castle Camelia ever since taking up a position here, and his room was nice, tidy, and well organized.

“Now then…” However, for some reason, he could smell an aroma wafting through his quarters that he’d never noticed before. It was likely that after one of the maids cleaned up, she’d burned some new incense to freshen up the place. It even seemed to be quite high-quality incense.

“She must have good taste…” Thanks to the efforts of some unknown person, the man’s good mood only improved further. When he had some time later, he was thinking of returning the favor with a gift. In any case, the pleasant aroma went a long way to stimulating his mood. Just from smelling it, his spirit soared to near euphoria. Yes, it was just as if his joy had multiplied several times over.

“Heh… heh heh…” Urged on by the intoxicating scent, the man was no longer able to control the sensation welling up inside him. The moment he found himself by the window, that dam called self-control burst, and his joy came flooding

out in a fit of laughter.

“Heh… HUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Stingray, you stupid little girl, did you learn your lesson?! White Flame, my ass! Don’t get carried away just because a stupid girl like you is a little good with magic! This is all your fault for making a fool of me in front of the hero and the princess! HAHAHAHAHA!”

Yes, the reason this man was in such high spirits was because the court mages had just gathered to discuss Felmenia’s dismissal. Previously, when he was about to take on the role of being the hero’s magic instructor, Felmenia had swooped in to steal the position and embarrass him. It was all petty and unjustified resentment on his part, but now that he’d gotten some good news in the way of revenge, he was unable to stop laughing. And as he ran out of oxygen from laughing too much, he paused to take in a deep breath and began talking to himself once more.

“Hmph. However, that stupid little girl… I never would have guessed she’d be deceived so easily. There’s no way that cowardly friend of the hero’s would even think of bringing harm to His Majesty. But to think with such simple magic and a little cajolery, she would end up doing exactly what I’d hoped and harming that youngster… It just goes to show it was far too hasty to appoint such a stupid little girl with zero insight as a court mage.”

Indeed, on the surface, everything was just as he said. It was a hasty appointment and Felmenia was simply too immature for the job. That was what the court mages had discussed in the audience chamber earlier.

The king explained that after seeing Suimei take zero interest in joining the subjugation mission, Felmenia had gone to give him a little motivation, but took it too far and ended up injuring him. But from what the man knew of the real situation, Felmenia hadn’t gone to motivate him. No, she’d gone to assassinate a young man with no power at all because of the glamor magic and lies he’d used to trick her.

However, this man was being quite talkative on the matter. It was as if he was being forced to speak all of his thoughts on the real situation out loud. He himself didn’t know why he’d grown so passionate in his monologue, but it didn’t faze him.

“Heh heh… And it wasn’t just a reprimand, but a full dismissal from the court mages. I would have been fine with just teaching her a lesson, but the

king was quite strict in his judgment. He’s favored that stupid little Stingray girl up until now, so his indignation at her betrayal must have been that much greater.”

The man continued to rant to himself. He had doubts as to why he was doing it, but in comparison to the joy he was feeling, it was a trivial concern. Nothing else mattered right now.

“At any rate, nothing could have been better than that face she made in the audience chamber! Such utter despair when His Majesty dismissed her in front of all the court mages was just—”

“Was just what?” “Was just the greatest thrill!” “Hahaha, the greatest, you say? She really was getting a little too carried away, wasn’t she?”

“That’s right! In fact, ‘a little’ is being generous! She was completely carried away! But now, even that… Wahaha… HAHAHAHAHA!”

“My, you seem to be enjoying yourself.” “Obviously! If this isn’t enjoyable, then just what is it?! That impudent and stupid little girl of a Stingray who didn’t know her place was knocked down from her seat as a court mage! Do you get it now? This feeling of joy that I… Ah?”

The man had been completely swept up in his joy. That was why, just like that, he was happy to continue the conversation like he was chatting with a friend. When he finally realized how strange it was that he was talking to someone, however, he stopped and turned around with a dumbfounded look on his face.

When he did, he spied an unfamiliar man wearing black clothes sitting on the couch in his office. This man crossed his legs, and with a sarcastic and derisive tone, asked him a question.

“Hmm? Aren’t you gonna continue? You still have plenty you want to say, don’t you? Right?”

He spoke in a quite casual fashion, first sounding like a small child looking forward to the sequel of a story, and then like a crafty villain who’d laid an inescapable trap. The latter proved itself to be more accurate. Before long, the sunlight pouring into the window dispelled the shadow that had obscured the man’s face.

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

“Wh-Who the hell…?” “Come on, no need to be so modest, mage. Or should I say Court Mage Sebastian Kran?”

Yes, the man who addressed him was none other than… “S-Suimei Yakagi…?” Sebastian Kran stammered his name as he pointed a shaky finger in his direction. Being so recognized, Suimei stood up and took a theatrical bow before him.

“The very one. It’s a pleasure to meet you. This would be the first time that we’ve spoken face to face, no?”

“Wh-Why are you…? Since when were you there…? No, how did you get in?”

“It’s not that exciting. I just opened the door and walked in normally. As for when, it was just a little before you came in yourself, I think? Yeah, that’s about right.”

As Suimei rattled off an awfully casual response, Sebastian recalled when he had entered the room himself.

Indeed, he’d entered the room with light footsteps and was so entranced in his mood that he was only looking ahead. He hadn’t bothered to scan the room, but even so, that large couch definitely would have been in his line of sight. Yet no matter how many times he thought back on it, Sebastian didn’t recall seeing anyone there.

“Ridiculous. When I entered the room, there wasn’t…” “Anyone there, you mean? I’m sure you thought that. I made it so that, in a sense, you couldn’t see me. Really, I cast a spell on this room itself. There was no way you’d notice me like that.”

“Wha… A-A spell? It couldn’t be. A bastard like you can’t…” “Use magic? You bet I can. I am a magician, after all. By the way…” What’d you think of my herbal magicka. Nice, huh? Suimei followed up on his little comedy show by coldly curving his mouth into a grin and explaining what exactly had made Sebastian so talkative.

It was herbal magicka. In ancient times, it was used by shamans, and from the Middle Ages to the present, by witches. It was a form of magicka that made use of the mysteries hidden within plants, classified under witchcraft. It used magicka on the aroma from herbs, or mystified the herbs

themselves by turning them into talismans. Suimei used the former method. It was a minor trap to bring Sebastian down.

And then, while still standing up from this theatrical greeting, Suimei began walking alongside the wall. Watching Suimei strut around someone else’s room as if he owned it, Sebastian remembered something he had heard before.

“A-A mage, you said?! Th-That can’t be! I heard the hero’s world had no magic.”

“I’m sure you did. The world as they know it certainly doesn’t.” “The world… as they know it?” “That’s right. But you certainly don’t fucking need to know any more than that.”

As the darkness in the room seemed to be creeping towards him, a cold shiver ran down Sebastian’s back. Just what was going on? The hero hadn’t known anything of magic, and there was nothing to suggest he’d had magical ability and was just pretending to hide it. He was a man chosen by this world and by its goddess to be a hero. He was overflowing with talent and wisdom, yet he knew nothing of magic. So there was no way that this run-of-the-mill boy knew anything about it either.

Or was that why Felmenia had believed the story about Suimei’s plans to harm the king so readily? Because she knew he was a mage?

“…” Cold sweat traced its way down Sebastian’s cheek. Was such a thing possible? This defied all expectation. After Suimei enjoyed the sight of Sebastian trembling for a while, with his back up against the wall, he began to coldly weave his words.

“Nevertheless, thank you. I already figured out most of it from looking into it, but thanks to you, I’m now able to grasp the entire truth. It just means that I was used as an excuse to accomplish your idiotic goal. Oh, and by the way, there’s no point in trying to pretend you’re innocent. His Majesty is already fully aware that you’re really the one pulling the strings.”

“Th-That’s…” When Sebastian tried to say something, Suimei mercilessly cut him off. “That thing… The automaton that Stingray set up. You were the one who messed with it, weren’t you?”

“Wh-What are you tal—” “I thought I said that there was no point in trying to play innocent. The one who made the thing was your dear master. Golem manipulation is your forte, isn’t it? Setting up a trick like that was a piece of cake for you, huh?”

“Ugh…” Just how much more did he have in stock? As Suimei continued to fluently stab at all his weak points, Sebastian couldn’t even protest. Suimei then unloaded another blow as he shrugged his shoulders.

“My my, having it suddenly go for the kill like that was a mighty nasty way of setting her up just because you were pissed. But I bet the one who’s the most pissed off now is the victim who was set to be the punchline of your petty little revenge game, don’t you think? So? Do you have anything to say?”

“…What do you intend to do with me?” “I won’t do a thing. The one to take action should be the one who suffered the most from all this, no?”

Sebastian kept himself on guard as he questioned Suimei, but Suimei turned around and fired off with questions of his own.

“Just who are you—” Before Sebastian could even finish, the door to his office opened. On the other side was none other than…

“F-F-Felmenia Stingray?!” Yes, standing just beyond that door was the young court mage that Sebastian had brought down over his grudge, Felmenia Stingray. Her beautiful and cold face that could hold any man captive, that even the women of the world would be fascinated by, was twisted with righteous indignation towards him, and a voice tense with rage poured out of her mouth.

“To think that this was a scheme by a bastard like you…” Hearing her hiss those hateful words, Sebastian once more turned his attention to Suimei, who met his gaze with a searing sneer.

“Our special guest has arrived. Isn’t that quite the clever development?” “You bastard…!” Sebastian shot daggers at Suimei like he was actually trying to kill him with his glare, but Felmenia was more than happy to interject.

“You had better come quietly! A bastard like you who would bring

others down over your wretched envy doesn’t deserve the title of court mage! I will expose all of your damn scheming before His Majesty the King!”

“Tch!” Felmenia moved in to apprehend Sebastian with her valorous declaration, but he had no intention of letting her take him. He leaped over a desk and made a break for the exit.

“Out of the way!” “Kyah!” Felmenia was standing in front of the door and didn’t seem to expect Sebastian’s resistance. It took all her wits just to evade him as he hurled himself past her. By the time she collected herself, he was already fleeing down the corridor.

“H-Huh?” Seeing Felmenia looking around trying to figure out what happened, Suimei put his hand on his head and brought her up to speed.

“Hey, HEY! What the hell are you doing? He ran off, you know?” “M-My apologies. It was just so sudden…” “Sudden? Aren’t you a mage? Where’s your magic?” “Uh…” “Come on…” In reply to Felmenia’s boneheaded response, Suimei let out an exasperated sigh. This would have been the perfect time for her not to go with the airhead routine, and Suimei was momentarily stunned this was how things had turned out. But then he quickly shifted gears and began moving.

“Well, whatever. We’re giving chase.” “Alright.” With an acknowledgment, Felmenia followed Suimei and they went after Sebastian together. Since he had such a light body, he seemed to be good at running. He was already out of their sight, but he couldn’t hide his presence. As Felmenia ran next to Suimei, she took an unusually meek attitude and called out to him.

“Um…” “What’s up?” “My apologies, Suimei-dono. Although I was deceived, I have caused

you a considerable amount of trouble… I want to apologize for all my impolite behavior up until now.”

“Hmm? Ah, there’s no need to really worry about that. It was all settled with our fight anyway, and it was sort of my bad for sneaking around in the shadows to begin with. You’re not at fault for trying to challenge me for that, either… Well, let me put it this way. I’m the same in that I was deceived. I was splendidly duped by that man too, after all.”

“Be that as it may…” Despite Suimei telling her it was okay, she still looked troubled. Was that just her earnest disposition at work? Seeing Felmenia like that, Suimei made a very serious expression.

“Sorry. I really went too far with you in more ways than one.” “N-No! Th-There is nothing for you to apologize for, Suimei! You already pardoned my inexcusable rampage, and now you’ve even gone as far as orchestrating this opportunity for me to apprehend the mastermind. If you apologize on top of that, I really won’t have a leg to stand on.”

“…” In response to Felmenia’s excessively humble attitude, Suimei looked at her like he’d seen something quite surprising. Seeing his expression, Felmenia questioned him in a curious tone.

“…Is something the matter?” “No, I just may have misunderstood you quite a bit.” “Misunderstood… me?” “Yeah. Sorry about that.” “…?” Suimei apologized as he looked at Felmenia’s curious expression and thought to himself that he hadn’t gotten the right read on her. He never thought she was a bad person, but if this was what she was really like, then the way he’d treated her seemed a bit evil, even if it had been to seal her mouth. Thinking back on it, he may have taken venting his anger too far. Suimei apologized once more and then focused his attention on Sebastian’s presence.