“Actually, where’s that guy going?” “Judging from his current route, it would likely be the north wing, would it not?”

“…Isn’t that basically a dead end?”

As Suimei recalled the layout of the north wing and asked for confirmation, Felmenia nodded.

“Yes, there are no exits there. If there’s anything of note there, it’s…” “The room we were summoned to, huh? Ugh.” For some reason, Suimei had a bad feeling about this. He grumbled to himself as they ran along.

★

Before long, the two of them arrived in front of the ritual chamber that Sebastian had likely entered. Wary of the ambush that might await them, they burst into the room. Felmenia made a declaration to the man crouching down in the center of the summoning circle.

“There is no longer anywhere to run, you hear?! Surrender yourself!” “…” However, Sebastian remained silent. He didn’t react to Felmenia at all. Seeing him quiet like that, Suimei pointed a chilling gaze in his direction as he questioned him.

“Hey, why’d you run somewhere like this?” “Heh… Heh heh heh…” “What is so funny?!” Hearing Sebastian’s scornful laughter, this time it was Felmenia who yelled back at him. But it hardly got under his skin. He simply countered as if seeing her enraged countenance was a delight to him.

“Naive… You’re too naive, Stingray. It couldn’t be that you thought that I would escape to this room without any sort of plan, did you?”

“What?” “Hahaha, I am also a court mage! I have the means to break through exactly such a situation! Behold!”

With that, Sebastian activated the summoning circle. With only a mere mutter, a dark glow came out of the magic circle at his feet, and a boundless dark purple light flooded the rugged stone room. Seeing Sebastian’s barbaric act, Felmenia broke into a panic.

“Wh-What are you doing?! That’s the summoning circle for calling heroes from other worlds!”

“It surely is! However, if it is able to summon things from another

world, then with some revisions, it can bring more than just heroes!”

“Wha… Then what are you…” She was going to ask what he was trying to call instead, but she realized that wasn’t necessary after seeing his behavior.

“Isn’t it obvious?! It’ll be a little something to rid me of you brats!” “Is all you care about saving your own hide?! You’ve shown your true nature!”

“Enough of your prattling, you stupid little girl! Getting carried away just because you can use a flicker of magic! Just that would have been fine, but to steal the honor of summoning the hero from me, and then, of all things, to make a fool of me in front of so many people! Pay for the humiliation you brought upon me with your death!”

“Silence! You are nothing but vulgar trash possessed by fame and fortune…”

As Sebastian finally articulated the dark plan he’d been nursing, Felmenia spat back at him. Seeing her grimace with disdain, Suimei questioned her in a curious tone.

“…Hmm? You’re not the only one who can use that thing?” “Huh? N-No. In case something were to happen to the mage left in charge of summoning the hero, all of the court mages are taught the summoning spell, with the blessing of the Church of Salvation and the Mage’s Guild. But more importantly, we must stop him from—”

As Felmenia stepped forward to begin to invoke her magic, Suimei grabbed her.

“Wait.” “What?! Why are you stopping me, Suimei-dono?!” Felmenia couldn’t understand why he’d do that, so she asked for clarification. Suimei made an expression like the answer should have gone without saying.

“Of course I’d stop you in a situation like this. That’s obvious.” “What’s obvious about that?! That’s a summoning spell he tampered with! We don’t know what will happen if it’s used!”

It was true the summoning spell and circle that Sebastian was now using were things he’d altered. And since this didn’t conform to the prescribed use for them, it could be completely unsafe. On top of that, the summoning circle was already taking action. The light emitted by the mana filled with

power and grew stronger, and there was scarcely a second to waste.

Spurred by that sense of urgency, Felmenia was practically screaming. Her desire to act swiftly was perfectly understandable, but Suimei folded his arms as he grimaced with a slight amount of perplexity in his face.

“No, we can’t stop it. It’s been crackling and snapping for a while now, but that summoning circle seems to have a pretty good protection spell on it. Though it doesn’t seem to have any defenses against what’s coming from the other side, the defensive portion against obstructions from this side seems perfect.”

The feedback was poor. Suimei had also attempted to obstruct the summoning while nobody was looking, but in the end, he couldn’t stop it.

“Wha… Not even you can do it, Suimei-dono?!” “I’ve got a bone to pick with you phrasing it like that, but even if we were able to stop him, forcing him out the ritual right now… something outrageous is bound to happen, see?”

“Huh…?” Hearing that warning from Suimei, Felmenia was struck by an uneasy premonition. The word “outrageous” wasn’t a particularly strange one, but Felmenia felt ominously about Suimei using it in this situation. There was a terrifying disparity between what she would call outrageous and what he would. Suimei gazed at the pillar of light, which had started isolating its target, and tried to explain.

“That thing’s using the same summoning circle created to call us to this world, but this is what we call a berserk summoning. It’s like a summoning that jumps over the astral plane, or even dimensions. And when that happens, at the time the summoning wrenches a hole open, something called a repellent force is produced to maintain the hole. If we were to forcefully cut things off here without allowing the summoning to conclude, that repellent force wouldn’t have anywhere to go, and it would come right back here.”

“…If it returns, what will happen?” “Let’s see… Well, the worst-case scenario would be the entire region getting blown away.”

“N-No way.” Suimei’s conjecture left Felmenia at a loss for words. She must have been thinking of what would have happened if Suimei hadn’t held her back

moments ago. The potential disaster wasn’t just limited to them or the castle. It could have been a national catastrophe.

“Well, that’s what it means to wrench open the wall between dimensions. From my perspective, the out-of-date technology behind that hero summoning circle that makes such a thing possible for a single individual is far more outrageous, though…”

“H-Hahh…” Naturally, Felmenia was lost. All Suimei got was a bewildered squeal from her.

“Well, don’t worry about the summoning. The medium being used is only that old man’s mana. Whatever is hailed over by it will likely conform to that scale. It’ll be fine as long as nothing ridiculous comes through.”

Suimei paused for a moment before continuing. “That said, if the summoning succeeds, we’re still probably looking at a portion of the castle getting smashed to bits.”

“Th-That can’t be! There are still so many people within the castle…” Just as Felmenia was about to say something about the impending crisis, as if interrupting her, the purple pillar of light sealing in the summoning circle grew remarkably stronger.

“It’s coming!” “A-Ah!” Felmenia shut her eyes before the surging torrent of light and yelped in startled surprise. Perhaps because she lost her senses for a moment due to the wave of power and light, the next thing she knew, she was being strongly embraced by Suimei’s left arm.

“Ah…” As she looked up, she could see Suimei gazing at something with a cold and indifferent look. The blue sky spread out behind him. It seemed it was just as he’d said. A portion of the castle, including the ritual chamber, had been obliterated. And below her…

“The power escaped upwards. With this, there shouldn’t be any damage to the rest of the castle other than this room. Also…”

“Ah?! AAAH!” Finding it strange that Felmenia suddenly started to raise a fuss in his arms, Suimei gave her a puzzled look.

“What’s up?”

“F-Flying! We’re flying!” Smack in the middle of the blue sky staring down at the ground, Felmenia let out a surprised shriek. The two of them were indeed flying right now. Suimei had deployed flight magicka, and was carrying Felmenia with him. A glimmer of mana could be seen scattering from Suimei’s feet. That was the shape of the power that suspended the two of them in midair. Suimei acted like this was nothing, but Felmenia nearly lost her mind at the shock of seeing it.

“Wh-What?! Just what is this?!” Hearing her confusion, Suimei managed to guess what Felmenia was talking about.

“Ah, I get it. There’s no flight magicka here, right? I thought that learning to fly after gaining the ability to use magicka was pretty much the first thing everyone did, though…”

“M-More importantly, Suimei-dono…!” “I’m telling you it’s fine. We won’t fall, so calm down and hold on tightly.”

“T-Tightly?! To a gentleman?! I cannot… N-No, I mean—” And just as Felmenia was about to plead with Suimei to let her down because she was afraid of heights, a voice rang out from directly below them that was so utterly repulsive that it barely sounded like it could be of this world. It wasn’t a sound that threatened to burst one’s eardrums, but more one that outright assaulted them. Following it, the light around the summoning circle unraveled like a thin veil. And what was revealed was…

“Uh, ah…” It was something like an eerie and gigantic four-legged beast colored by dusky shadows and a bloody red. The place where the ritual chamber was as well as its surroundings were now swallowed by its shadow. It stood easily half as tall as the castle spire, and its form resembled a starving dog or wolf. All around its body were belts of shadows whipping about.

“Wow, to think it’d be a B-class… Looks like we caught a big one, huh?”

“Wh-What? That monster…?” Without even the composure to ask him about it properly, Felmenia simply stared at the monster wide-eyed. Suimei’s only response was muttering a select word as if he were speaking a sneer.

“A beast.” “…Suimei-dono, do you know what that thing is?” “Yeah. That’s something from my world, after all.” Something from Suimei’s world. Hearing that frightening fact, Felmenia recalled something that made her doubt it.

“From your world? But Hero-dono and Mizuki-dono said there were no monsters there…”

“That just shows how narrow their view of it is. They had no way of knowing because they were blinded by the developments of science. When it comes to things like monsters, our world has more than enough of them.”

“…” While Felmenia looked at Suimei and the beast in bewilderment, he continued elaborating.

“And that is one of them. Just like you have demons plaguing humanity here, in our world, there are systems which serve as humanity’s enemy.”

“Sis-stems?” “That’s right. The beasts of the apocalypse. In our world, they’re nicknamed apparitions. To prove to the beings of our world that there is no such thing as eternity, they are the laws that accelerate the world towards its end.”

“L-Laws? Are you saying that’s not a living being?” “Let’s see… No, not really. That isn’t a living being; it’s a phenomenon. Just like lightning or a tornado. As long as the requirements are met for it to exist, it will come into being. That’s one of the rules of the world. The reason it takes the shape of a living entity is because it’s easier to plant fear in humans using a material form… That’s what the leader said, but, well, just look for yourself. Doesn’t that just inspire dread in you?”

Following Suimei’s gaze, Felmenia took a hard look at the monster—no, the thing called an apparition. The information being passed to her brain from her eyes did have that effect. Its very appearance was triggering an indescribable fear up her spine. It was instinctual, and alarm bells were ringing out all over her body.

“Twilight syndrome. In our world, it doesn’t assault people indiscriminately, but just like that, it ushers the world towards a determined endpoint. The moment the entire world is filled with them, humanity will begin its journey down the twilight path to being nothing more than myth.”

Suimei’s tone was flat, but his gaze conveyed a sense of discomfort that made Felmenia shudder. The world that they summoned the hero of salvation from was infested with things like that? It was a being that, just by looking at it, inspired pure terror that outclassed the fear felt at the sight of any monster. If that thing was the vanguard of the end of the world, then Suimei’s world very well may be in more danger than hers.

Felmenia gulped. Hearing Suimei’s explanation, she could only stare at the beast with an odd fixation. And then…

“FUHAHAHAHAHA! Did you see that?! If you know how to use it, summoning is mere child’s play! A brat like you isn’t the only one capable of doing it, Stingray!”

Coarse, unpleasant laughter echoed through the air. Enraptured by the fact that his summoning had succeeded, Sebastian seemed far too caught up in his own excitement to make any sound judgment regarding the apparition. Even if he’d managed the summoning, he was worthless in this state. Hearing that man let out his pompous and intoxicated laughter, Suimei rolled his eyes despite the presence of the apparition.

“Wow, what an incredibly stereotypical line.” “Scoff while you can, brat! Next you’ll be killed at the hands of the monster I summoned!”

Sebastian roared, but Suimei could only coldly deny that proud little speech of his.

“Yeah, that’s not happening.” “What a sore loser! Go, monster from another world! Tear my enemy apart!”

Sebastian issued his command, but the apparition remained as it was and showed no signs of reacting to him at all.

“Wha…” “See?” “Wh-Why?! Why won’t you listen to me?! Why won’t you obey me?!” With Sebastian fervently complaining at its side, the apparition pointed the crimson lights it had for eyes down at him as if scowling at something detestable.

“Eek, eh…” And perhaps Sebastian finally realized the madness he himself had

authored. Staring up at the apparition, he sank to the floor. And then…

“U-UWAAAAAAAAAAAH!” Sebastian’s death cry was crushed into silence by the apparition. “How foolish…” From the skies, Felmenia curtly muttered her thoughts regarding Sebastian. Even if he was the worst kind of scum, she pitied him for meeting his end in such a way. But even so, she wouldn’t forgive him for what he’d done. She then turned to Suimei again for answers.

“Suimei-dono, why would it not obey him?” “Hmm? Ah, that’s the summoning circle’s—well, the foundation is entirely different, but portions of it closely resemble the ones in our world. In short, summoning spells and circles are fundamentally techniques that have the power to use a contract as a premise to put the being called over into servitude. Whether it’s a phenomenon or a living being or whatever else, it normally does whatever it’s asked without question—it’s like that in this world too, right?”

“Yes. I do not know about the case of phenomena, but that does generally describe the way summoning spells work in this world.”

Even though Felmenia couldn’t say so with 100 percent certainty, it was just as Suimei said. The principles were largely the same. The summoning spells of this world, other than the hero summoning, primarily summoned beings bound by servitude.

“Summoning, evocation, petitioning, possession. Of the four categories of summoning spells, that one would fall under evocation. But there’s a catch. That summoning circle’s main purpose was summoning heroes. That’s why it doesn’t include the necessary part to bind the summoned creature into service.”

“It doesn’t?” “A slave hero isn’t really the kind of image most people are going for, right? Besides, try remembering it. The triangle within the circle was arranged upside down, wasn’t it?”

“Now that you mention it, it certainly was.” “This applies to magicka just as it does with most anything else, but when a component is inverted, the aspect that component determines will also be inverted. Since the triangle in a summoning circle is what governs binding, its default orientation represents servitude, and the inverse of that

would be liberation. In other words…”

“That thing was liberated into this world?” “Yup. Well, I can’t really imagine that thing obeying anything a human would have to say anyway.”

“Th-Then a spell to bring it under control…” “There isn’t one.” Felmenia had no rebuttal to Suimei’s declaration. Since he had walked much further down the path of magic than she had, she was willing to take his word on this. But if they couldn’t bring it under control, then…

“Oh Fire. Thou art imbued with the essence of all flame, but burn unbound by the laws of nature. Now, turn everything in existence to ashes, the white calamity of truth! Truth Flare!”

Still being held by Suimei, Felmenia thrust out her arm, wove her spell, and let loose her magical white flame. She poured the maximum amount of mana she could into it. It was a strike in no way inferior to the one she’d once used to defeat that monster in the desert. The enormous and dazzling pillar of flame struck the apparition with a hearty roar, but…

“I-It didn’t work…” “Nope, ’fraid not.” The moment Felmenia thought that her magic was about to scorch the apparition, the white flame turned into particles and vanished. The apparition was perfectly unharmed. It was as if nothing had happened at all. Her full power was completely denied. She couldn’t defeat it. Faced with that reality, Felmenia’s heart was gripped by panic and fear.

“Wh-What can we do against that thing…?” “Ain’t it obvious? We beat the crap out of it.” All Felmenia could hear was manly bravado. “M-Magic didn’t work at all, you know?! Just how—” “The magic from here didn’t. But the magicka I know is something fucking else!”

And with that, just like last time, Suimei began reciting a chant in a language she had never heard before.

“The heavenly sky which dyes all in its perfectly clear blue light.” It began the instant Suimei started chanting. At his feet, despite there being nothing to draw on, an enormous blue magicka circle spread out in midair. Following that, the world began to tremble, and a shriek like that of