In the end, the development of this conflict felt a little irrational. There would have been several opportunities for them to talk things out. Felmenia was the first to make a move, but the king couldn’t help speaking his honest opinion. And in response to that, Suimei spoke with an extremely serious expression.

“Certainly I cannot deny that I was somewhat caught up in the moment. However, I am also one who walks the path of magicka. A magician has a magician’s way of handling things, and when a simple braggart—no, someone conceited—enacts violence, we are ones who would seek revenge. Also, well, I was still resentful about being forcibly summoned here and was blowing off a little steam.”

In the end, Suimei let out a laugh suitable for a boy his age, and seeing that, the king sighed.

“…What a brat.” “Magicians are often just like that. We are beings who only have interest in what we are selfishly trying to accomplish. It is normal not to think of those around us. Besides, I do not believe Your Majesty is in a position to complain after shutting your eyes to the matter in the first place.”

“You certainly have a point.” Yes, the king was also responsible for turning a blind eye despite knowing what Felmenia would do. He wasn’t in a position to strongly reprimand Suimei, and looking at the results, his way of dealing with her was arguably rational.

If he used his magic without restraint, there was a countless number of crimes Suimei could commit. If he wanted to satisfy his own greed, he could have freely done so all along. Yet he’d quietly stayed in his room in a way that didn’t bother anybody. When investigating whether any harm had come of his sneaking around the castle, it was revealed that the treasury, the throne room, the depository, and any other place of material significance had gone untouched.

And when it came to Felmenia’s violence, it could be said that Suimei had treated her sympathetically. He didn’t know how things worked in this world, but after she’d used the golem against him, nobody would have been able to argue if Suimei had killed her in self-defense.

Suimei then looked to a pillar to his side. It couldn’t be…

“That’s how it is. That was just an extension of me venting my anger, so you can also relax. I have no intention of ordering you to do anything else.”

He was speaking to someone other than the king—no, there was no need to be ambiguous. Suimei was talking to Felmenia. She was certainly there, hiding behind the pillar he was looking at.

“…” Felmenia stepped out from the shadow of the pillar with a shocked expression. Suimei only gave her a cursory glance as if she didn’t interest him, and then turned back to the king. Seeing this, he had a new question for the young magician.

“…Since when did you notice?” “Counter-question: why would you think that I hadn’t noticed?” “…” He certainly had a point there. Suimei had gotten the better of Felmenia at every turn. Rather than assuming he wouldn’t have noticed her, it would have been safer to assume that he would.

“Suimei-dono, regarding this…” “I can tell without you saying it. I was suspicious when you said you wanted to talk privately with just the two of us, but like you said, she’s your precious retainer. If she’s that important to you, then it’s not like I don’t understand your actions.”

“I am sorry.” The king honestly apologized. The reason he’d had Felmenia hide there was not for his protection, but for her benefit. If Suimei knew Felmenia was there, there were likely things that he wouldn’t talk about. And if she wasn’t present, she would never get answers. Hiding her in the room was the king’s compromise. In the end, Suimei saw right through it, but talked anyway.

Felmenia then called out Suimei’s name with a pale face. “S-Suimei-dono…” “I said I wouldn’t do anything, didn’t I? Don’t just fucking go pale. You really are good for nothing, aren’t you? If you’re also a magician, then stand up straight right until you’re on the verge of death. Aren’t you a court mage or whatever this kingdom prides itself on?”

“Auuugh…” Felmenia didn’t look away in the face of such sharp criticism, but tears formed in the corners of her eyes. It seemed she was unable to say anything

back to that. As Suimei stood there waiting for the king’s next question, he cut straight to it.

“So the reason that you’re investigating the summoning circle after all…”

Indeed, it was because his will remained unchanged. “I do believe I told you I wanted to return. I have things that I must accomplish back home. Besides…”

“Besides?” “When Reiji and Mizuki happen to want to go back, I will have the path to return made ready for them. I am not accompanying my good friends as they run off into danger. As a magician, this is the least I can do for them.”

“Aha…” The king unintentionally let his admiration escape his lips. Naturally, Suimei’s objective was motivated by his own desires. He wanted to return, he said so himself. However, he was also thinking of his friends. He wanted to give them the same chance. But even more surprising than that…

“Are you able to decipher that thing?” “Given the time, to an extent. It’s not impossible.” “T-Truly…?!” The hero summoning magicka circle was said to be undecipherable by anyone, and Suimei had just rather offhandedly suggested he could do it. That summoning circle was passed down from a forgotten age. Using the precise amount of mana and reciting the proper chant was all that it took to activate. But the spell itself was too difficult to understand, and up until now nobody had been able to comprehend the principles behind the way it worked. Yet this young man had just declared that he could do so in a tone like he himself also found that to be unexpected.

“I have studied spiritualism and mediumship to an extent, but I never thought it would come up in a place like this. Seriously, it makes no sense.”

However, if it was such good fortune, then… “However, if you are thinking of Reiji-dono to this extent, why do you not speak of everything to him? If you open your heart to the hero, then…”

“Your Majesty, if my friends were to learn of my lineage, whenever we do return to our own world, it would only invite the possibility of harm befalling them.”

Without holding back, Suimei admitted the real reason why he could not

tell his friends the truth. It was a matter of danger and concern for their safety.

“Would not all be well if they simply kept your secret?” “Your Majesty, I don’t know how things are here, but the world I come from is a den of thieves.”

“A… den of thieves?” “Yes. Where I’m from, even if you keep your mouth shut, just having knowledge is dangerous. There are techniques to extract or steal one’s memories, and spells that make one speak of their memories unconsciously. When it comes to magicka, the number of such methods cannot even be counted. If I carelessly let my identity slip in a world like that, there’s no telling what the price would be. There are lunatics over there who would point their blades at those who don’t even know of magicians.”

“Is the path of magic in your world truly such a dreadful thing?” “Yes.” Seeing Suimei nod clearly, a thought came to mind. If he was truly thinking of his friends, then it seemed he ought to be honest with them. But apparently that wasn’t an option. The path of magic in Suimei’s world went much deeper into darkness than it did here. Their enemies were many, and they spent their days with the danger of being exposed always hanging over them. Suimei’s prudence then seemed perfectly reasonable.

“When the time comes that they say that they want to go back, I will probably have to tell them about it, but… After hiding it all this time, it makes it difficult to talk about.”

“I can imagine.” As he said, when he revealed the return circle, he would probably have to explain himself then. And since they’d learned magic here in this world, they would have to be apprised of the dangers of returning home with it. There was certainly a long talk ahead of them, but it wouldn’t be easy for Suimei and he was in no hurry to get to that. All of this carried another implication as well, and the king spoke of it with disappointment in his voice.

“This means you are indeed resolute to not go with them.” “I said something similar before, but I do not want to act recklessly.” “After defeating Felmenia, I do not think it would be all that reckless. Besides, Suimei-dono, would your presence not be a great boon to your

friends?”

“That may be, but in the end, it is unnecessary.” “Why do you say such a thing?” “We had a bit of an argument about it in the heat of the moment, but Reiji isn’t a shallow person. He’s the type to get caught up in crazy things, but he always thinks things through before making any judgments, he never forgets to be careful, and in addition to that, he has that terrifying power of a hero in his body now. Me worrying about him is as fruitless as being concerned he’s going to trip over a pebble on the side of the road. I cannot say that he will definitely succeed in the Demon Lord’s subjugation, but I do know that he will not just helplessly die.”

“I see.” Suimei wasn’t worried. He spoke with a smile on his face. Moreover, he trusted Reiji and Mizuki quite a bit. Despite the fact that he clarified that he thought Reiji should have to go through something horrible once in a while, he was still thinking of him. He didn’t wish anything ill on either of his friends. And so the king questioned Suimei as if to confirm something.

“I will be repeating myself, but about Felmenia…” “Just as I said before, nothing will happen as long as she doesn’t talk, but—well, whatever.”

With a knowing look, Suimei pulled out a pure white sheet paper. It looked completely normal other than the fact that it was a beautiful white like freshly fallen snow, but looking at it carefully, the front of it had words scribed on it and something that looked like a bloodstain. Suimei held the sheet with both his hands as if to tear it up.

“S-Suimei-dono?! W-Wait—” Felmenia’s face paled in an instant and she screamed for Suimei to show restraint, but her voice did not reach him. Without a moment’s hesitation, the sound of ripping paper filled the audience chamber. Just how did Felmenia’s ears interpret that sound?

As she was swallowed by emotion and fell to her knees, Suimei tore the paper many times over and scattered the shreds to the audience chamber floor. And with a snap of his fingers, they were all swallowed in a crimson light and vanished.

“Ah…” “Court Mage. With this, the constraints that bound you are no more. Do

show your gratitude to His Majesty until the day you die for putting his life on the line for you, understood?”

Setting aside Felmenia, who had fallen completely dumbfounded, the king moved on to question Suimei, who was scoffing at her.

“Is that alright?” “Your Majesty, you said you wanted to clear the air completely between us, right? If anything would generate ill will, it would have been that. So I took care of it. After all, it was a guarantee no longer required between us.”

Suimei smiled a bit, and then continued. “However, I would still like you to promise not to speak of this to Reiji and Mizuki, and to not take any action that would lead to them to figuring it out. I hope I don’t need to ask for your cooperation in that, but…”

“Understood. I will do as you ask.” The king accepted Suimei’s terms. If he was willing to yield so much, then there was no reason for the king to refuse. The king then moved on to asking about one more thing he wanted to hear.

“What will you do after this? Until you have a rough idea of how to return, I do not mind if you wish to stay in castle…”

They were guests that were called to this world against their will, including Suimei. The king accepted his responsibility in that. It only stood to reason that he should take care of him within the castle until he was able to complete a return circle and get home. That, however, was only if Suimei wanted to stay, which was why the king had to ask. And Suimei responded by shaking his head.

“No. After Reiji and Mizuki leave the castle, I was thinking of leaving as well.”

“What do you plan on doing after leaving the castle?” “I was thinking of going to the Nelferian Empire. It’s a key point where three countries meet. I will be able to attain all sorts of information and goods that I’ll need there, and I believe it’s a suitable location for me to set up.”

The king groaned upon hearing Suimei’s plan. It was true that the Nelferian Empire was an important cross-section that bordered three countries including Astel. Trade was certainly more active there than it was here. As it was an allied nation of Astel, entry would be relatively easy, and it was possible to attain goods there that would be hard to find elsewhere in

Astel. It perhaps was the optimal location for gathering information from every which direction.

Honestly speaking, the king didn’t want a master of Suimei’s level to leave the country, but be that as it may, it was impossible to stop him from going. Even if he had the power to do so, he wouldn’t have wanted to restrict him in such a way.

“I see. Then if you have any needs, simply say so. As long as it is something that I can do, I will grant you all that I can, though it may be naught but a meager offering to you.”

In order to make sure he was free to do as he wished, the king offered Suimei his support. However, Suimei shook his head in return.

“I thank you for your consideration, but please do not mind me.” “Why is that? You are about to venture forth into unknown lands. Do you not require some kind of aid?”

Suimei was a human from another world. He was unused to the culture and customs of this land. And he would be alone. It seemed he should require some sort of assistance, but…

“That’s quite alright. From here, unable to endure living in the castle, I will selfishly run away. And there is no way you could show leniency after such a disgrace, much less reward that kind of behavior. Rather than myself, please think of your own reputation, Your Majesty.”

“However…” “After the uproar that came up last time and my shutting myself in my room, the rumors have only gotten worse. If you were to support me at your own discretion, there would undoubtedly be those who would praise your kindness, but the vast majority of people would decry such an act. That would be quite the inconvenience to Your Majesty.”

It was just as Suimei said. If he left the castle, taking into consideration his public appearance up until now, things would go precisely as he surmised. Rumors of him running away would spread. There was no doubt about that. And if it was discovered that the king was supporting him after that, public dissatisfaction would be high. Why would the king go so far out of his way to be so generous with an ingrate?

“And… if I said that I would do so regardless?” “I am grateful for your consideration, but you are being repetitious.” “Hmm…”

The king was at a loss for words at the sudden bit of upbraiding. Suimei was obstinate. He didn’t mind. And he was telling the king not to mind. It could be taken as groundless confidence, but he was showing the right kind of spirit to back such a claim up.

Just what were those black eyes directed at the king really looking at? Something far beyond. His was the gaze of someone who was to challenge whatever difficulty lay on the path ahead of him. His personality was unexpected for a boy his age; it had far more gravity to it than his years would suggest. And then…

“To live in the world, one will always find themselves coming across walls that impede progress. No matter how broad or tall they may be, those who easily overstep such obstacles are known as magicians. I, Yakagi Suimei, am one of them. I leap over the walls known as the mysteries of the universe. And so, Your Majesty, I will say it once more. Just the consideration you’ve shown me is more than enough; I will graciously accept only that much.”

Suimei’s declaration was serious, confident, and left no room for argument. All he had was strength, but it was the strength of a boy who earnestly pushed to break through the deadlock known as impossibility.

In the end, he really was something else. This young man was definitely the kind of person who shouldn’t have been dragged into the hero summoning. The king held his breath as he gazed at him, but Suimei then broke his stern expression and spoke in a self-deprecating tone.

“…Though I put on airs like that, it’s really not something a man who refuses to face a fight out of fear for his own life should say, huh?”

“That wouldn’t be limited to just you. Those who, frightened by the threat of the Demon Lord, have forced everything onto innocent children could also be accused of the same thing. And would include me.”

Really, who had the right to say that Suimei’s boasting was excessive? Only two people came to mind: those who were actually heading off to take part in the Demon Lord’s subjugation themselves. Those who hid in safety and put their own lives before all else were in no position to criticize him. Suimei was throwing in his lot to strike out on his own and stand against all difficulties that would come his way.

Just how much had those who were all too ready to hurl insults obstructed this young man who was pushing forward towards his unfinished

goal? How much had they held him back? The king had no way of knowing, but it must have been a serious blow. The cry he had unleashed in this very room that day had wounded the king’s heart.

And what the king felt for him now was sympathy as much as anything else. Even though they were far enough apart in age to be parent and child, it wasn’t like he didn’t understand. And as he steeped in that strange impression, Suimei pushed the conversation forward.

“Is there anything else you would like to ask me?” “If you don’t mind, then…” Taking him up on his offer, the king fired off several more questions, and about far more than just magicians. About him, about Reiji, about Mizuki, and even about the trivial foolishness between the three friends.

★

A spell had passed since the king and Suimei had begun talking. When the conversation came to a natural lull, Suimei suddenly changed the topic.

“Would it be alright for me to ask something small as well?” “What’s the matter?” When the king asked that, Suimei turned his gaze to the side. “No, not Your Majesty.” “You mean… me?” “Yeah. I mean you. If I remember right, at the time, you told me that you had no intention of killing me, didn’t you?”

Just when had they talked about that? The king wasn’t aware, but Felmenia seemed to know.

“Y-Yes, and it’s true. I swear to Goddess Alshuna.” Since Felmenia was willing to swear on her goddess, Suimei didn’t bother asking again. He simply nodded to himself.

“I got a little curious when you said that, you see. After that, I did a bit of digging around, but I wound up stumbling across something even more interesting.”

“Something… interesting?” “Yeah. It isn’t unrelated to you either—actually, you’re more like a victim. How ’bout it? Wanna come with me and take a look?”

With the smile of a villain who had just concocted some sinister trick,

Suimei began explaining the matter that he had thoroughly investigated.

OceanofPDF.com