“In our world, the concept of magic exists, but it only has a place in works of fiction. Sadly, in our world, there really is no magic.”

To them, magic was nothing but a product of the imagination used in literary works. Authors created it to make their stories more interesting; it was literally fiction. Like Reiji, Titania thought Felmenia’s questions on the matter seemed strange, and grew curious as to her motivation.

“White Flame-dono, is something the matter?” “No… It’s nothing. I apologize for putting a damper on the conversation.”

“Truly? If you insist, that’s fine, but…” As Titania tilted her head to the side, the attendant standing next to her whispered something in her ear. It seemed she was being urged to move things along, because Titania then recollected herself and continued the

original conversation.

“Well, it’s about time we begin. This will be Reiji-sama’s first real encounter with magic, so I would like for somebody to present a simple demonstration and explanation. As such…”

Before Titania could even finish making her request, the court mage who had reprimanded Felmenia earlier stepped forward full of confidence. If Reiji recalled correctly, this was the man Titania had introduced as Lord Kran. Whoever he was, he had a distinctly thin figure and long hair. Quite bluntly, he was a gloomy-looking fellow. He seemed to be concerned about his appearance, however, as he had been persistently fidgeting with his bangs right up until he stepped forward. Reiji suspected he was either offering his opinion, or saying that he would answer Titania’s request himself. His latter prediction turned out to be correct.

“Though it may be presumptuous of me, I shall gladly teach our hero the basics of magic.”

“…You will?” “I’m at your service, Your Highness.” The mage replied to Titania’s perplexed question in a particularly pompous manner. His behavior was courteous on the surface, but somehow his self-satisfied smirk left Reiji with an indescribable sense of unease. And then, Titania turned towards Felmenia.

“I was thinking White Flame-dono would be most suitable for the task… What do you think, White Flame-dono?”

Both the man who’d stepped forward and Felmenia looked surprised at Titania’s suggestion.

“Wha?!” “…Is it alright for me to take such an important job?” “Yes. You wield the greatest magic in all our kingdom, so I believe you’re the ideal candidate.”

“G-Greatest in the kingdom…” Titania made her endorsement with confidence. Felmenia seemed especially moved at the use of the word “greatest” to describe her and her skills, but the court mage who’d stepped forward was unable to stomach it and voiced his objection accordingly.

“W-With all due respect, Your Highness, I do not believe that White Flame-dono is more qualified than I am to instruct the hero in magic.”

He wasn’t happy with having his job taken from him by a girl who could have easily been his daughter. And Felmenia certainly didn’t miss the implication in what he said.

“Are you suggesting I’m an inferior mage?” “White Flame-dono, perhaps you might know that I am also an instructor at the Mage’s Guild. I might even dare to say that I have a little conceit in my teaching ability when it comes to magic. Surely you can see how my experience benefits me here, especially compared to a young lady like yourself.”

Felmenia looked slighted at first, but her expression quickly changed to a daring smile.

“Oh? Then shall we have a little test to see?” “If you so wish.” Tension filled the air. Invisible sparks were flying between Felmenia and the older court mage.

“H-Huh? Is this a fight? Are they going to fight?” “I don’t know if it’s going to be a fight, but something’s about to happen for sure.”

Mizuki was antsy at this sudden development in what was shaping up to be a very unorthodox first lesson, so Reiji tried to calm her down. Titania, on the other hand, said nothing. She seemed perfectly content to let this continue. Contrary to Reiji’s first impression of her being especially softhearted, she seemed to have quite the stubborn streak.

“Very well. We’ll have a demonstration from both of you, and we’ll judge which is more worthy.”

After Titania declared what the rules were, both mages took their positions.

“Oh Earth! Gather and transform! Become a tremendous power to oppress my foe! Rock Ridge!”

The first to cast was the older court mage. He recited a spell that sounded like something right out of a video game. Mizuki squealed in excited anticipation. And as soon as the mage finished his incantation, ocher masses of stone gathered from thin air and took shape as a sharp rock angled into a peak that floated in midair.

“Amazing!” “…!”

Mizuki animatedly threw both her hands in the air and cried out with joy. Reiji simply stood there with his eyes wide open in surprise. And once the spell was cast, the court mage flashed a satisfied smile and began his explanation.

“Hero-dono, this is what we call magic. As mages, we use mana to appeal to the Elements that compose our world and summon their great power. By calling to the earth and praying silently to it, you will also be able to—”

“How abstract.” “What?” Felmenia interrupted the court mage’s prideful explanation with a scornful laugh, and he immediately turned to her with an irritated scowl.

“I said, ‘How abstract.’ You might be able to get away with an explanation like that with someone from this world, but if you might recall, the hero is from a world with no magic at all. How could you expect him to know what you mean when you talk about mana and the Elements?”

“Th-That’s…” “You’d do well to watch and learn.” After coldly declaring that, Felmenia began chanting. “Oh Fire. Thou art imbued with the essence of all flame, but burn unbound by the laws of nature. Now, turn everything in existence to ashes, the white calamity of truth! Truth Flare!”

Felmenia weaved her spell together swiftly. As she spoke, Reiji could feel heat welling up in his own body.

Ah… Just a little below his navel, right where one of his meditative focus points would be, he felt a mysterious heat growing. It was like Felmenia’s chant was calling to it and summoning something inside him.

“Hero-dono. The power of the Elements is the power of all creation. It is the source of anything and everything. The heat you feel when touched by fire. The cool, soothing sensation you feel when you touch water. If you can appreciate that, the Elements shall rightfully lend you their assistance. As for mana, just harnessing that incredible power you feel within you now will be enough.”

“Wow…” Mizuki was in awe. And it was no wonder. The moment Felmenia

finished her chant, a flame the same pearlescent color as her robes appeared and lit up their surroundings. The shimmering white flame then consumed the small mountain created by the court mage and reduced it to cinders.

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

After a mere glance at her handiwork, Felmenia turned her gaze on the older court mage. She looked bored.

“Hmph. It seems your magic was all bark and no bite…” “Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What?!” “D-Did you see that, Reiji-kun?! The white flame went whoosh, then it was all ba-ba-boom!”

“Yeah, I saw…” While Mizuki excitedly recalled the events with childlike glee, Reiji just stared at the smoldering white embers. Mizuki quickly calmed down, but she was still fascinated by what she’d seen.

“So that’s real magic…” Indeed, what they’d witnessed was real magic. And it was just as awesome as they’d imagined it would be. Seeing how mesmerized they were, the older court mage took action. Even though he’d been shown up, he didn’t have any intention of admitting defeat. Unfortunately for him, however, Felmenia had anticipated that much.

“Oh White Flame, become a vortex! Tornado Flare!” As Felmenia recited her spell, the smoldering remains of the white flame still on the ground ignited once more and swirled around the court mage. He had no time to take any countermeasures. In an instant, he was completely encircled in white fire.

“It’s over.” After Felmenia declared her victory, the court mage let out a dissatisfied groan.

“Ugh… Don’t think that just because you won with the sheer destructive force of your magic…”

His magic had been completely overwhelmed. He’d utterly lost in that regard, but as he was suggesting, that alone wasn’t enough to determine who would make the better instructor. Everyone then turned to Titania for the final call.

“As I suspected, White Flame-dono will do quite nicely, don’t you think? Between her magical prowess and her considerate quick thinking regarding Reiji-sama being from another world, I don’t see any shortcomings.”

“Yes, but Your Highness…” Felmenia directed her sharp gaze at the court mage continuing to grasp

at straws.

“You don’t know when to give up. As one of Astel’s proud court mages, you should gallantly accept what’s happened.”

“Wh-What are…” “Stand down. Or are you saying that you find fault in my judgment?” Titania interjected and voiced her displeasure. The older court mage let out two or three bitter groans as his face turned a dark red. Then, after squeezing out his assent to the princess’s decree, he finally stepped back. He still wasn’t satisfied, but knew it wasn’t smart to earn the ire of royalty. When that was all said and done, Felmenia turned to Reiji with a confident grin.

“Now then, Hero-dono. As the foremost mage of this kingdom, I will be instructing you in the ways of magic.”

“Yes, Felmenia-sensei.” “S-Sensei?” “You’re going to be my instructor from this point on, so I thought it would be appropriate to address you accordingly.”

“But, Hero-dono, you are the one shouldering the burden of saving us and our world. Moreover, there’s no significant difference in our age. So isn’t calling me ‘sensei’ a bit strange?”

“Even if the circumstances are unusual, it’s not wrong. I’m not putting myself on a pedestal just because I’m a hero, and I intend to treat the person teaching me magic with all due respect. So please, let me call you sensei. If you dislike it, however, I’ll refrain.”

“…Truly? If that’s your wish, then I do not have any reason to object. Please address me as you see fit.”

“Thank you very much, Sensei.” Felmenia was still a little perplexed at being addressed with such a title, but she seemed to grow a little used to it as Reiji repeated it with a cheerful tone. She nodded in response.

“V-Very well then. Are you ready for your lesson, Hero-dono?” “You have my full attention.” With that, Felmenia whipped around and began giddily mumbling to herself.

“Sensei…? I’m an instructor… The hero’s instructor… Heehee…” Reiji couldn’t hear her, but Titania urged them to begin the lesson as

Felmenia recovered from her brief intoxication and collected herself.

“White Flame-dono, I leave the rest to you.” “Yes, Your Highness. Then first, Hero-dono, I would like you to bear in mind what I said when I demonstrated my magic earlier, and imagine the phenomenon you felt inside yourself again. Now try focusing that feeling… in the palm of your hand would be appropriate, I believe. With that, even without a spell or other specifics, you should be able to do something simple.”

“Is that really all it takes?” “It’s not like you’ll be able to do it right away. You will likely have to try focusing several times. No one gets it right on their first attempt.”

Reiji nodded in response to Felmenia’s explanation and prepared himself. He’d have to give it a try before anything else. He tried remembering what he’d felt in the pit of his stomach earlier when Felmenia had used her spell.

“Reiji-kun, good luck!” With Mizuki’s cheering him on from the sidelines, Reiji took a step forward.

I can do it. It’s okay. Assuming that the welling heat he’d felt in his abdomen earlier was mana, Reiji slowly closed his eyes and tried to focus that energy in the palm of his hand as he lifted it.

“Looking good. Now, just like that, find the pulse inside you that’s coming from a source other than your heart.”

A pulse that’s not from my heart? Is… this what she’s talking about here?

Following Felmenia’s instructions, Reiji concentrated solely on the sensations within his body. As he did, he realized there was something pulsating inside him. It wasn’t his heart, but it beat with a regular rhythm all the same. Just as he’d expected, it was coming from right below his navel— the place believed to gather one’s chi in Oriental medicine.

“Once you’ve found that, you’re almost there. All you need to do now is guide the energy of that pulse to the palm of your hand… That being said, doing so is no easy task.”

It sounded like she was under the assumption Reiji wouldn’t be able do it. Attaining magic was no mean feat, and what she was asking Reiji to do

was the litmus test that determined whether or not someone was capable of becoming a mage.

No, I can do it… Reiji, on the other hand, didn’t doubt himself. He could still feel the warm sensation growing inside him, and that inspired and encouraged him. Trying to conjure up its power, the first thing that came to Reiji’s mind was fire. But his was different from what Felmenia had used. Reiji’s was as red as the sun as it melted away at the evening hour—a dazzling and burning fire.

And then words came to Reiji like a revelation. “Oh Fire, manifest here and now! Flare!” Reiji’s mana gathered as he shouted out his command like he was unleashing the rage in his heart, hailing the Elements. In the center of his palm, a brilliant red flame was now flickering—a magical flame. But in a split second, Reiji’s concentration was broken and the flame vanished without leaving a single ember.

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

“I did it…” Reiji was floored at his success on his first try, and the other mages watching seemed to share the sentiment. “Th-That was really his first time?!” and “That’s our hero!” they whispered excitedly. Even Felmenia who had coached him through it step by step offered praise.

“Magnificent… You’re a natural, Hero-dono. A genius.” Titania followed up after her. “My heartfelt congratulations, Hero-sama. With this, you now have your place among the mages.”

“I’m… a mage?” Reiji was swept up in a flood of emotion at Titania’s words. She turned to address Felmenia next.

“Well done, White Flame-dono. Your method of teaching must be quite effective.”

“No, I hardly had anything to do with it. Hero-dono is simply gifted.” “Of course Hero-sama has talent, but there is no mistaking that you had a vital hand in his success. Hero-sama came from a world with no magic, yet he was immediately able to grasp its use with your help. Both his power and your instruction are exceptional.”

“Thank you very much, Your Highness.” Felmenia respectfully bowed in response to such high praise. Yet even as she lowered her head, she was overflowing with joy. Mizuki timidly called out to her as she stood back up.

“U-Um…” “What is the matter? Mizuki-dono.” Mizuki sucked down a deep breath to calm her nerves, and put the passionate feelings she was hiding in her heart into words.

“C-Can you teach me magic too?! I also want to learn!” “Very well. Then…” And so another mage was born into the world.

OceanofPDF.com