Chapter 2: Towards the Stormy Journey

Chapter 2: Towards the Stormy Journey

It had been a few days since Suimei met Lefille, got his rank evaluation, and happily registered with the guild. After waking up early in the morning, he was currently in the inn’s garden doing practice swings with his mercury katana.

“Haa! Hyaah!”

He was systematically swinging from top to bottom, properly exhaling with every swing. His form was textbook. He was clearly quite used to such exercise. But despite everything he’d learned from his father, it was not his father—a magician—who had taught him swordsmanship. No, he’d studied it at the dojo near his house. His father put a lot of emphasis on closecombat abilities, but if Suimei had to be taught, his father had thought it would be better to have an expert teach him.

With that in mind, Suimei had been attending the dojo since his early childhood. And the reason he was so openly practicing with his sword now was because it was part of what he’d learned there: An unswung blade is a dull one. Thus Suimei had found a time when there weren’t many people around to practice with his sword and martial arts.

“Phew, that should about do it…”

After completing his practice drills from start to finish, Suimei let out a sigh. He’d gone a little light compared to his usual routine, but today he couldn’t afford to exhaust himself first thing in the morning. After this, Suimei would be joining an escort mission that would take him towards the Nelferian Empire.

Suimei’s current goal was to investigate a way to return to his own world, and then create the spell that would take him there. For the time being, his plan was to leave the Kingdom of Astel and make his way to the bountiful Nelferian Empire to collect information and materials. But instead of heading straight for the Empire, Suimei was planning on stopping at Kurant City on the western edge of Astel. And to get there, he would be relying on a group known as a trade corps who had knowledge of traveling and the lay of the land.

Suimei had been browsing the requests at the guild for this kind of opportunity, and just the other day, he managed to officially get involved on one such commission. The competition for the job was fierce, but the reason they readily agreed to take him on was largely because of recovery magic.

When the D-ranked Suimei went up to the teller window to take on the request, the requisite number of escorts for the job had already been met. Nevertheless, the organizer had said that there was no such thing as too many people who could use recovery magic, and swiftly approved of Suimei’s participation. And that settled Suimei’s plans. All that was left now was to depart on his journey from the royal capital of Metel.

“Now then, time to go back.”

While contemplating how the next few days would go, Suimei put away the mercury katana he had been practicing with and straightened himself out. He then returned to the inn to make his final preparations before embarking. While walking towards his room, he turned a corner… and bumped into someone at full stride.

“Ow… Sorr―?!”

For a moment, Suimei saw stars. He was staggered from the sudden impact and immediately went to bow and apologize, but he was stopped in his tracks before the words could finish leaving his mouth. The person he had bumped into was the swordswoman he’d met who was coincidentally staying at the same inn, Lefille Grakis.

But that wasn’t the reason Suimei stopped his apology. He knew they were staying at the same inn, after all. Bumping into each other wasn’t all that surprising. More specifically, it was her outfit that had stunned him. Lefille had come running, presumably from the outside of the building, in only her undergarments despite any possible onlookers. Also, for some reason, large teardrops were falling from her puffy, red eyes.

“Ah…”

Lefille had realized that Suimei was staring at her in her current state, but she was still standing there dazed and aghast at the sudden encounter. To Suimei, the sadness written on her face was far more important of a matter than accidentally bumping into her.

“I, uh… You, uh…”

Suimei finally started to come out of his complete stupor, but was still scarcely able to wrap his head around the situation. Lefille was crying in nothing but her undergarments. This was completely baffling to him.

“S-Sorry…”

Lefille finally came to her senses as well. She shook off her tears and muttered an apology. Without listening to what Suimei had to say or ask, she simply ran off further into the inn. Suimei stood there for a few moments, alone and utterly bewildered, before he mumbled to himself.

“Just what happened to her…?”

It was still early in the morning. It was early enough that most people weren’t even awake yet. And sadly, there was no one around to answer Suimei’s question.

★

A few hours had passed since the incident that morning. Suimei was now wearing the local clothing that he’d bought the other day at the clothier’s, and was carrying his school bag from home which closely resembled a doctor’s briefcase.

He was currently outside the wall that surrounded the royal capital of Metel. After following the highway leading out of the city gates, he came upon the meeting place specified by the commission from the trade corps. From there, he casually looked back at the town behind him.

Specifically, he was looking at Metel’s most stalwart and vigilant defense: its large walls. Even where Suimei was from, many cities, castles, and fortresses during the Middle Ages had protected themselves with similar types of structures. Defensive walls were the most basic form of security a town could have. This world had its share of foreign aggressors, but it seemed a wall like that was most likely in place to keep monsters at bay. However…

It’s not made of the advanced materials that Dorothea talked about. It doesn’t have any resistance against mana.

Suimei recalled a particular conversation he’d had with his guild advisor about building materials as he gazed at the wall. And it was just as he surmised. The wall around Metel wasn’t made of the same mana-resistant material the floor of the guild hall’s training room was. Instead, it was made of simple concrete much like the Pantheon and was fortified only by bricks. Dorothea had said that the mana-resistant materials were something of a recent discovery, and apparently it was recent enough that they hadn’t added any to the city’s defenses yet.

“As it is now, all it would take to topple it is a couple of powerful spells in the right place.”

If the wall was attacked with magic, the completely mundane materials it was made of would easily collapse. Not only were they not particularly resistant or strong, but the wall itself seemed to have been built with very little knowledge of engineering. Despite its majestic appearance, considering the potential dangers of this world, it made Suimei nervous. No matter how large and grand it was, it would be useless once it crumbled.

Realizing he had no place worrying about it, Suimei shook his head. The defensive capabilities of the city didn’t have anything to do with him. It wouldn’t affect him, even if the walls did fall.

Suimei shook off such thoughts and refocused his attention on the nearby meeting place. A crowd was already gathered. It was mostly people dressed normally, but there was a group among them all dressed in neat and tidy clothes. There were also about twenty people in the front and rear who formed the armed escort, making for a crowd of a few dozen people in total. They all stood around a group of several wagons, looking like something of a mobile community. This was the trade corps that Suimei would be using to reach his objective.

Where Suimei was from, this type of thing was often called a caravan. It was a group of people who banded together for the purpose of transporting goods over long distances, all while keeping themselves and their merchandise safe from bandits, looters, and the like. Multiple merchants would hire help and guards so they could all work together on their journey.

Well, it certainly resembles that, anyways.

Just from the look of it, this wasn’t anything Suimei wouldn’t have expected to see in his own world. But even so, the number of armed guards in the group was quite considerable. If anything stood out to him, it was that. But it was understandable considering the unique dangers of this world, including monsters.

Civilization here wasn’t extraordinarily advanced, meaning that just living came with inconveniences and dangers on a day to day basis. Those were only exacerbated while traveling. Without a sufficient armed force, it simply wasn’t possible to journey between cities, let alone countries. There was a single maintained road between towns that served as a highway, but there was nothing along the way that passed as lighting. Moreover, just the requisition of water and lodgings while on the road took a considerable amount of time.

Contemplating all this, Suimei gained a much better appreciation of how easy he had it in his own world. While groaning internally about how much harder it would be to get by here, Suimei walked over to a particular man in the crowd who had a fairly good physique and the demeanor of a merchant. According to the information he’d gotten from the reception desk at the guild, this man was the client who’d put in the commission for the job.

“Do you have business with me?”

“I’m from the Adventurer’s Guild, Twilight Pavilion. My name is Suimei Yakagi, and I’ve come today as requested to escort this trade corps.”

As Suimei gave his formal introduction, the man’s suspicious eyes suddenly lit up.

“Ah, my my, how polite. I’m Gallio, the one who put together this trade corps. If you’re Yakagi-dono, you’re the mage capable of using recovery magic, right? Thank you very much for taking the job and coming along. In the event anyone is injured during our journey to Kurant City, I’ll be counting on you.”

“Of course. And thank you. I’m looking forward to working with you.”

The two men shook hands and then went about their business. Gallio headed off towards the other merchants. Since they were just about to depart, as the man responsible for the operation, there were no doubt lastminute preparations that he would have to see to. As Suimei watched him walk off, he heard a familiar voice call to him from behind.

“Might… Might that be you, Suimei-kun?”

“Huh? Ah, Grakis-san.”

When Suimei turned around, he spotted the figure of someone he hadn’t at all expected to see—Lefille Grakis.

“Grakis-san, what are you doing here?”

“I’m going to be accompanying this trade corps for work.”

“Oh? I thought you weren’t going to be departing Metel for quite some time yet.”

That was the reason Suimei was surprised to see Lefille. The two of them had coincidentally lodged at the same inn during their stay in Metel, which had given them many occasions to chat together. During one such talk, Lefille had mentioned that her trip to Nelferia would be delayed for various reasons and that she wouldn’t be leaving anytime soon. Yet in spite of that, here she was all dressed and ready to go on a journey. It was in complete defiance of what she’d previously told him, and she nodded in response to his question.

“Indeed, I originally thought so as well. But two days ago, a commission I took turned out to be far more profitable than expected. As such, I was able to amass funds much quicker than I had planned, and I was able to move my schedule up accordingly.”

“So you were able to take care of all the necessary expenses you spoke of already?”

“Yes, that’s all taken care of.”

With that, Lefille flashed a calm smile. During their conversations, she had mentioned that she would require funds to cover traveling expenses and the fees to start attending the Magic Institute. She had told him she was planning on staying in Metel to gather the money before making her way to the Empire. The traveling expenses were one thing, but it seemed that the Magic Institute tuition was a tidy sum. As such, Lefille had said she wasn’t expecting to be able to leave anytime soon. However, she’d managed to clear her savings goal with a single commission. It must have been quite a difficult request to be so profitable.

“…Though it’s a little impolite of me to ask, what sort of commission was it?”

“It was a monster subjugation request. Just a little further away from here, a powerful monster suddenly appeared out of nowhere. They wanted it taken care of right away. Since it was an emergency job, the reward was quite large.”

“A powerful monster?”

“About as powerful as those from the half-giant race. It was an ogre.”

“An ogre, you say?”

“Yes, that was the target of the subjugation.”

The monster Lefille mentioned was something that Suimei had heard of before, but he was incredibly interested in the details.

“You mentioned the half-giant race… Are those different from ogres?”

“Ogres? Of course. Ogres are completely different than those maneating giants.”

“Huh…”

Suimei raised a puzzled voice. In his world, ogres were monsters of folklore that originated from the man-eating giant in the fairy tale of “Puss in Boots.” It became the general name used to describe the giants of Europe. He heard it translated that way in his head, so why was it that giants and ogres were different entities here?

“Then… what kind of monsters are they?”

“You don’t know? That’s unexpected…”

“Well, I’ve never seen one, after all.”

“I see… That’s not particularly unusual. Strictly speaking, ogres are a subspecies of giant. They aren’t as large as pure-blooded giants, but they’re still regarded as powerful monsters. They rely entirely on brute strength. It is said that a single one can bring down a small fortress.”

If they had the destructive power to take out a fortress, that meant they had to be a formidable threat in battle. Compared to the idiotic ogre who was eaten after being tricked into turning into a mouse by a cat, it seemed the ogres here were doing quite well for themselves.

“Wow… And you defeated something like that, Grakis-san?”

Suimei sighed a little in admiration. He couldn’t hide his astonishment. Based on what she’d said, the giants and ogres of this world were truly dangerous monsters. Lefille had given a very simple explanation of the matter, but she hadn’t boasted or even acted excited about defeating one. She was apparently quite formidable herself.

“Well, I wasn’t alone. Several of us grouped together to go defeat it. My own contributions were insignificant.”

She was acting quite humbly, but Suimei was having trouble taking her at her word.

“By the way, does that kind of thing appear often?”

“No, not really. There are smaller monsters, but things as serious as ogres don’t appear very often. I mean, its native environment isn’t even anywhere around here.”

That meant something must have happened to bring it here. While Suimei was pondering what the cause may have been, Lefille shared a similar opinion.

“However, I find it hard to believe it was just a coincidence. There must be a reason it showed up.”

“Uhuh…”

When Lefille said that, Suimei fell deep into thought. According to the documents he read in the castle on the ecology of monsters, there were two or three theories about what would lead to outbreaks of powerful monsters. One suggested that if a sudden phenomenon caused the deterioration of their natural habitat, monsters would abruptly spread out into other lands. The other stated that when demons were looking to establish their bloodlines, the less intelligent offspring became monsters with herculean strength.
