“I see. In that case, I’ll put your skills to the test.”

The man’s anger seemed to have reached its peak as he said those words and reached for the large sword on his back. Seeing this, the receptionist suddenly started to panic and tried to stop him.

“P-Please wait just a moment! No matter how far he…”

“It doesn’t matter. This guy said he came here to seriously register, right?”

“I-It is strictly prohibited by the guild for a member to carelessly resort to violence against a citizen!”

“Don’t worry. This ain’t just careless violence. Besides, the guild only prohibits violence against regular citizens. But this guy’s a registration candidate, remember? There shouldn’t be any problems if we have a little test right here and now.”

“That… might be true, but…”

“You’re serious, right, punk? You’re okay with this, right?”

“Well, yeah…”

Suimei did in fact agree with what the man was saying, but he was still unable to stop himself from sighing. This had panned out exactly as he expected. It had escalated to the point that force was going to be his only option to get out of a situation like this. Now it was only a matter of how exactly he should deal with this man…

Well, it’s not like those fanatics from the Holy Inquisition are around here. This is a world where magic is used in the open, after all. There’s no reason to completely conceal it…

Over the past few days, Suimei had had a change of heart concerning how exactly he should carry himself while in this world. At first he’d assumed that he would need to conceal his magicka just as he had done in his own world. The people of this world, however, saw magicka on a regular basis and weren’t startled by its mere existence. That meant he could use it freely to a certain extent. If he was faced with magicka, he could defend and counteract with magicka of his own.

While he was here, there was no need for him to deny his identity as a magician. Moreover, this world didn’t have the Holy Inquisition—an organization of zealots who believed only the miracles brought by their splendid god could be allowed, making them natural enemies of those who called themselves magicians. So the more Suimei thought about it, the less he felt the need to hide who he really was.

It seemed the only thing he really had to worry about was having his techniques stolen by mind-reading spells and the like. However, considering how far behind the development of magicka was in this world, he had no reason to think that would be an issue. Thus, Suimei came to the conclusion that using his magicka cautiously wouldn’t pose any problems.

Naturally, he would feel better if he could resolve the current situation peacefully. However, when he thought about it, facing off against a guild member was the perfect chance to clear up all the misunderstandings and break through the deadlock he found himself in. As Suimei resolved himself, the man lowered his gaze at Suimei like he could scarcely believe what he was dealing with.

“Punk, what are you just standing there stupefied for? Do you have no sense of danger?”

“It’s simply because I’m not in a dangerous situation.”

“Do you not see me, punk?”

“I do.”

Suimei responded in a cool manner. To him, this kind of threat was absolutely nothing compared to what he’d been through. He’d witnessed true scenes of carnage and felt overpowering pressure and oppression at their sight. The man standing before him hardly compared to master swordsmen from Suimei’s world in terms of ability. Also, compared to the fanatical hatred from the magician hunters who held blind, terrifying faith in their gods, the hostility he felt from this man might as well have been a pleasant breeze.

When he thought back to being surrounded by large groups armed to the teeth with firearms or facing off against the grotesque beings known as apparitions, it was true that he felt comparatively no danger now.

The man standing before him just didn’t stack up against those experiences. Suimei would freely admit that wasn’t exactly a fair comparison considering the extreme and ridiculous things he’d been through, yet nonetheless, he still wasn’t intimidated by this man.

But just how did this man feel after seeing Suimei’s calm composure? Did he think he was just staring down an insolent brat who knew nothing of the world? Or perhaps some punk who thought that he could win through sheer bravado? As Suimei was used to concealing his identity, he was always completely suppressing the mana leaking out of his body, meaning he gave off no sign of his powers. That surely wasn’t helping now.

“Hmph… I’m starting. Show me you can stop or dodge this―”

The man spoke like a teacher announcing the beginning of the test. It seemed that, despite his unmistakable rage, he truly did intend this as a test of sorts. Contrary to Suimei’s expectations, this man hadn’t completely lost his cool. While briefly entertaining such frivolous thoughts, Suimei began focusing on the matter before him.

The man grabbed the sword on his back and intended to swing it down as he drew it. That would make the timing and trajectory simple to predict. Suimei focused on the hilt of the man’s sword and began optimizing his mana with the intent of deducing everything in an instant. Then, as though simply brushing aside an insect in the air, Suimei snapped his fingers.

“Buugwhaaa?!”

A surprised shout filled the room as the air exploded lightly. It was a scream that was in every way unflattering. After the small air explosion, the man flew backwards onto the floor as if his body weighed next to nothing. The sword, which had been the focal point of the explosion, had slipped out of his hands and flew even farther than he did. A moment later, the sound of the sword hitting the ground rang out over the man groaning.

“Ugah! Wh-When… F-Fuck! Wh-What just…?”

He seemed to have lost track of what had happened after the abrupt impact. He looked around and slowly got his bearings.

“Wuh…?”

Suimei could also hear a stupefied gasp from the receptionist behind him. She hardly seemed the same irate woman that had scolded him earlier. Regardless, it was surely because she had no idea what had just happened. There was no way she could. It seemed the crowd shared her surprise. Everyone in the room was staring at him with wide eyes. After a short while, the receptionist finally spoke.

“Um, just what was that?”

“Magicka.”

Suimei answered without a hint of arrogance in his voice. After collecting himself, the man held his head in pain and looked up at Suimei.

“Magic…? Without chanting or a keyword…?”

“Yeah.”

“R-Really…?”

“Well, yeah. You saw it for yourself.”

Suimei gave a frank reply as the man looked at him for confirmation once again. Seeing him like that, Suimei came to the realization that Felmenia’s reaction would be standard here in this world. It seemed that the ability to not only invoke magicka without a chant, but also to omit the keyword used as the activation sequence for magicka itself was truly something shocking to these people.

Liturgical magicka, in some cases also called courtesy magicka or ritualtype magicka, was one of the many systems of magicka. Though it was called that, it was completely different from magicka systems like numerology or astrology. Rather, it was the term for the type of magicka which was invoked simply by performing a specified action or by properly reciting a chant.

In modern terms, it was also called manual magicka. To react in a predetermined way upon the use of an action or chant was inherent to the behavior of many types of magicka. Summoning magicka was an extreme example of this. The circular dances of Sufism, ninjutsu, yin-yang ceremonies, and Buddhist seals all fell under this category. Essentially, all magicka that activated in such a fashion could be classified as manual.

That included the magicka Suimei had just used. It was strike magicka that he had performed the proper ceremony for beforehand, and tied to the action of snapping his fingers. With that, he could perform the specified gesture and activate it at any time. It was plain, simple, and effective, which made it easy to use. And deploying such simple magicka without requiring a keyword was completely normal to Suimei.

“Then you’re…”

“Yeah. I apologize for not saying so sooner, but I am indeed something like a mage.”

When Suimei apologized for his late introduction, the surrounding crowd broke out into surprised murmurs.

“A mage? With that kind of appearance…?”

“I’ve never heard of magic without a chant or keyword…”

“Hey, don’t tell me he’s actually some kind of amazing mage…”

Uh oh…

He’d gone too far. All he’d done was snap his fingers like always. In terms of magicka, performing a spell with a simple action like that was a popular trick, so Suimei never thought of it as something amazing. He’d also had to choose an attack that wouldn’t seriously harm his opponent in an enclosed space, so this was just about his only option. While ignoring the reaction of everyone around him, Suimei turned back to the receptionist and shrugged his shoulders.

“Do you not believe me?”

“N-No, it’s not that I don’t believe that you can use magic… But if you’re a mage, why aren’t you wearing a robe or carrying a staff? Are they not indispensable tools for a mage?”

Huh?

“Are they really so important that all mages are expected to carry them around?”

“No, that’s not exactly what I mean… but it is the general trend among mages.”

“Then there’s no problem, is there? It’s not my style to carry around crappy antiques like any stereotypical mage would.”

Perhaps because of the way he had said it, the receptionist was now simply staring absentmindedly at him with her mouth agape. And as if to reprimand him for saying something ridiculous, she finally snapped.

“I-It isn’t ‘your style?!’ Aren’t they tools necessary for accurately controlling your mana and defending against magic?!”

“Well, it’s true that robes are on the classy side, but there’s no real reason to carry a magic staff, right? It’s common to use magickal tools to assist with complex spells, but it’s natural to just use your body for the minute control of mana. Only third-rate magicians can’t do that.”

“Oh, come on…”

As Suimei rattled off his harsh take on the matter, the receptionist let out a groan for some reason. Just how strongly was she determined to hold on to the belief that robes and staffs were absolute necessities for magic wielders in this world? Felmenia hadn’t used a staff, so Suimei hadn’t thought it mattered all that much, but apparently it was a big deal.

Certainly in ancient times, the staff was an indispensable tool for magicians. According to history books, this dated back to ancient Egypt where they wielded staffs carrying characteristics of the gods as a symbol of authority. In Celtic civilization, the staffs used by the druids were also quite famous. In the modern age, one of the most frequently mentioned examples was Mather’s Lotus Wand. The origin differed between systems of magicka, but it was true that magicians augmented their strength using staffs as magickal tools.

It wasn’t as if Suimei hated such old-fashioned things. He also wasn’t making fun of the traditional methods passed down since ancient times. But he was right in that such a thing was wholly unnecessary for a modern magician. After all, magicians were the type to go against the flow to chase after mysteries.

Suimei was from a world driven by the advancement of science. Magicka had to learn how to grow and adapt as well. Magickal staffs had been replaced by magickal guns. Robes had given way to suits and jackets. It was true that tradition was important, but it was equally important to think of blazing a path to the future. But despite however natural it might be to him, he’d caused an extraordinary misunderstanding with the receptionist.

“I’m quite sorry. I truly did not realize that my appearance would be such a big deal.”

As Suimei apologized and timidly bowed his head, the man he had just fought answered in a slightly flustered manner.

“N-No, it’s fine. I also jumped to the wrong conclusion. Sorry.”

“I truly appreciate you saying that… Can I assume you no longer take issue with me registering?”

“Yeah. If you’re a mage, then I don’t got any complaints. I’ll leave the rest to her.”

Suimei walked up to the man and held out his hand. The man took hold of it to pull himself up and then pointed at the front desk. Following his finger with his eyes, Suimei looked at the receptionist.

“So, how about it?”

“O-Of course. There are no problems with regards to your registration. I apologize for having been so impolite.”

“No, there is no need to humble yourself so… It was my fault for creating the misunderstanding in the first place.”

The receptionist bowed down while humbling herself, feeling that she’d failed at her job for not properly being able to judge Suimei’s abilities. Suimei responded politely and tried to lighten the mood, but she only apologized again. With this, the surrounding crowd dispersed and the guild hall returned to how it had been before. The man he had just fought also gave him one more apology before going back to what he’d been doing.

“Um, then I have a blank form for you here. Please fill in all the necessary items.”

With that, the receptionist pulled out a piece of paper with fields to enter personal information needed for the registration process. It wasn’t much, so Suimei didn’t have any trouble filling it all out. Using the nearby quill pen and inkwell, he quickly finished filling in the form and handed it back to the receptionist. She then briefly inspected it.

“Suimei Yakagi-san…? It may be impolite of me to say, but that’s certainly an unusual name.”

“Yeah, I get that a lot.”

Suimei returned her statement with a wry smile. It was indeed something he heard frequently; “Suimei” was an unconventional name even in Japan. He couldn’t help being amused hearing someone comment on it even here.

“So, Suimei-san, please let me confirm just a few things with you. Would it be correct to list your occupation as a mage?”

“Yes.”

“On that note, what attribute do you use?”
