“Now that I think of it, you’re headed towards the Nelferian Empire, right, Lefille-san?”

“Hmm? Yes, that’s right.”

Dorothea confirmed Lefille’s destination with her, which turned out to be a large coincidence for Suimei.

“Hmm… Are you going to take up activity in the Empire, Grakis-san?”

“Yeah. From here, I plan to take part in activities at the Twilight Pavilion while commuting to the Magic Institute in the Empire.”

“The Magic Institute… If I remember right…”

The Magic Institute. According to the documents Suimei had read, it was a large institution in the Empire that served as a magic think tank. It gathered students from Astel, Nelferia, and Saadia to research and develop magic, and had the added benefit of keeping the balance of power between the three allied countries equal.

“Since I’m not particularly familiar with magic, I was hoping to start studying from scratch so that I can strive to improve myself.”

“You want to learn magic?”

“Yeah. Up until now, I’ve never seriously made an effort to study it, after all.”

Suimei nodded when he heard this, but Dorothea let out a sigh as she began talking.

“Someone as skilled as you, Lefille-san, surely would have contributed greatly to the guild here in Metel. It’s truly a shame that you’ll be moving to another branch. But I still have hopes for our new mage, Suimei-san!”

“I’m sorry, but once I’ve finished up here, I intend to head straight for Kurant City.”

Dorothea looked at him blankly for a moment, her face flush with pale dread and disbelief.

“WHAAAAAT?! What about helping our guild out as Metel’s shining star of a newbie mage who’s carrying all of our hopes and dreams?! Weren’t you going to show the mages over at the Mage’s Guild what’s what with a little wham, bam! And what about receiving a title from Twilight-sama?!”

Suimei was wondering just where her overactive imagination had taken her.

“No, unfortunately.”

“No waaay! To think that we finally got some new members who exceeded our expectations after so long, but you’re both just up and leaving…”

“Sorry. I also have things to do.”

“What’s a girl to do? Since the both of you are headed towards your goals with such unshakable resolve, there’s nothing we can do to stop you.”

“Well, my final destination also happens to be Nelferia.”

“You too?”

“Yeah. I have a lot of information I need to gather, and I though the Empire would be the best place to do it.”

“I see. I don’t know when it will ever be, but I’m looking forward to our paths crossing again.”

“Yeah, I’m looking forward to it too.”

“Well then, I should be going. Suimei-kun, your fight was enlightening.”

With those as her parting words, Lefille turned around with a sweet, elegant air and her red ponytail swaying behind her. Suimei caught himself staring as she walked away, and Lefille seemed to notice his gaze. She stopped and turned back around.

“Is something wrong?”

“No, it’s nothing. Take care.”

“Yeah. Thank you. Well then, see you.”

With that, Lefille exited the training grounds. Suimei watched her elegant figure as she left and shut his eyes… Considering who it was, there should be no problems leaving her to her own devices. She didn’t seem like the type to gossip, so he would leave her be. It shouldn’t be an issue. She also happened to be headed to Nelferia, so at the end of the day, rumors about Suimei wouldn’t spread around this area. After watching Lefille leave, Suimei spoke to Dorothea without shifting his gaze.

“Well then, I’d like to ask something simple. With this, what would my rank be?”

As she couldn’t see his face, Dorothea was a little on edge as she looked up at the ceiling.

“Um… Let’s see. You did win a decisive victory over both Rikus-san and Enmarph-san at the same time.”

One of them was acting like a petulant child, and the other was just silently staring at Suimei. Rikus was the one who had his face turned away, and Enmarph was grinding his teeth. Both were duly mortified after two crushing defeats in a row. As Dorothea glanced back at them, she took on her persona as a proper staff member and spoke in a business-like manner.

“Normally, I believe a C-rank would be appropriate, but you certainly have the abilities to take on activities as a B-rank. I believe that will be most suitable.”

“Hmm…”

Hearing this unexpected evaluation from Dorothea, Suimei unintentionally let a note of surprise. It seemed she was giving him the status of B-rank. He’d expected about that much, but it was still a rather high valuation. And then, as if extremely pleased with her evaluation, she put on a brilliant smile and turned to Suimei.

“Amazing, right? You’ll become famous in an instant, Suimei-san.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah. I guarantee it.”

Dorothea thrust out her chest proudly, as if enthusiastically telling Suimei she would personally see to it. If a new member received a high evaluation like that and had a meteoric rise to success, it seemed only obvious that his name would spread, but…

“However, that would only happen if you and the other three who were present spread rumors about what happened here today, right?”

“Even if we don’t spread rumors, any B-rank suddenly appearing would easily become famous―”

Dorothea couldn’t understand what Suimei was suggesting and was idly talking it out to herself. By the time anyone realized it, Suimei, who hadn’t been looking at them, was suddenly wearing a well-tailored jacket with long coattails. Next, they were all afflicted with a sudden, callous pressure that froze all their muscles to the point they nearly began convulsing. Rikus, who noticed this quickly, glared at Suimei with hostility.

“…You punk…”

“It’s alright. I won’t become famous. Just a moment ago during the evaluation, I was completely and utterly defeated by the two of you and received a very befitting D-rank. The three of you will convey these facts to the other guild members. I am simply a completely normal, second-rate mage without a single redeeming quality and was just happy to join the guild… Right?”

“…Huh?”

Dorothea couldn’t understand just what was going on, and stood there completely dumbfounded. Rikus and Enmarph were gripped by the tension in their bodies from the overwhelming pressure seizing them. From the atmosphere alone, they could guess what was about to happen—what they’d just been told would become reality. That was precisely what Suimei intended.

“I must apologize a little to the three of you. Nevertheless, I’ll be entrusting you with relaying the correct message here.”

“Like it’s going to―hrggh, ugh…”

“Ah…”

Suimei turned around and held his hands to their heads. And just like that, he invoked his magicka in the blink of an eye. Rikus who had jumped towards him with the intent of stopping any violence, and Dorothea who had just been standing there completely dumbfounded, were unable to offer up any resistance as they fell under Suimei’s magicka which was designed to grant his desires.

The two of them did not have any strong innate resistance towards magicka. This result was a matter of course. Then, after falling under the effect of Suimei’s magicka, their eyes lost focus and stared blankly off into space. And just like that, they stood stock still without moving. The only one who hadn’t fallen under Suimei’s spell was Enmarph, and he could only demand to know the reason for this as he shook in fear.

“…Why?”

“Hmm? Why, you ask? It’s just as I said. All I want is a suitable rank.”

“Ridiculous. The better your rank, the better the jobs you’ll get as a guild member. What do you intend to do by throwing that away for yourself?”

As Enmarph asked him this, Suimei just stood there indifferently.

“No, I don’t really intend to do anything.”

“What…?”

“I simply prefer things this way. I’m not interested in any more fetters to bind me.”

“Fair enough… but…”

An increase in rank would mean a proportional increase in the burdens placed on him. As his senior as a guild member, Enmarph could certainly understand this point. To Suimei, an increase in responsibility from the guild wasn’t what he wanted, so he was taking action to prevent that.

“For the time being, I just wanted to increase my experience fighting against the people of this world, even if it was only a bit.”

“This world? You…?”

“That’s not something you need to know.”

Anyone would have picked up on the strange nuance in those words. However, Suimei cut his question short curtly. There was no need for a complete stranger to know his situation. But then Enmarph burst into a fluster of words.

“But even if you do something about all our memories, it won’t matter. The guys I talked to earlier about what happened at the reception desk all know about you, right? Just because you deal with us―”

“That’s right. But it’s not like anyone will closely examine the matter. If anything, the results that come of this will have a greater, stabilizing effect on my reputation. What happened at the reception desk will simply be written of as some kind of fluke, and people will move on. Isn’t that right? Humanity is filled with people who only like to demean others. If they don’t know someone’s actual situation, instead of believing that person is strong, they would much rather think that they’re weak.”

Enmarph had fallen silent, or rather speechless. It was like his voice had been completely stolen away. His eyes were opened wide like he’d just seen something completely unfamiliar while staring right at Suimei. Suimei felt just a little bit of sympathy for him and continued the conversation.

“Well, when all is said and done, I will simply be known as a mage who knows nothing of the world that ran his mouth a bit at the reception desk. It’s an easy enough story to swallow, right? I’m known for my selfconfidence, after all, so I don’t think people will have much trouble buying it.”

“…Just what are you intending by becoming a low-ranked guild member who doesn’t take requests? No matter how many requests come into the Twilight Pavilion, jobs that you would be able to make a living off of are―”

“There aren’t any. Certainly. However, in that regard, I have also already planted the seeds. Regardless of the number of requests, if I say that I know recovery magic, then I’ll be called on for jobs, right? The power to heal people, no matter where you go… There’s always a deficit of people who wield it. If you don’t remember hearing about it… I can do much more than that.”

While bragging, Suimei took a step forward. To Enmarph, that one step must have felt like the approach of the devil.

“Tch, did you think a mage like me would so easily―Ugh!”

As Enmarph fixed his posture, he suddenly realized something.

“You’ll fall for it. You’re completely exhausted, after all. Right? Kalavinka’s sweet voice is just that kind of magicka.”

“Ah…”

Magicians fundamentally have some resistance towards magicka. A certain level of it is required to touch upon the mysteries, after all. Also, assuming that they regularly expose their bodies to the magicka of others, it’s necessary to research methods of protecting oneself from potential curses and the like by making it difficult for magicka to be applied to themselves. But it’s not like that resistance can be maintained at all times. It, naturally, is dependent on the state of one’s body and mind. So what could Enmarph possibly do after being completely drained of his magicka?

“It’s just a strong suggestion. There’s no need to worry, and there are no after-effects. You’ll go to sleep, and after you wake up, everything will be exactly as I told you. You’ll even retain your honor. There isn’t be a single disadvantage for you.”

Suimei was a magician. If he were to fight against the mages from this world, it was inevitable that magicka would be fired back and forth between them. On top of that, Suimei also desired to test his regular fighting ability. Managing both of these things would prove to be difficult. However, if he refused to fight against mages and stuck to warriors, his chances of analyzing fights with other mages would decrease. This was counterproductive to his goal of obtaining more information. And finally, to seal their mouths, in the end, mages were resistant to magicka and would have to be thoroughly exhausted of their mana for him to apply his magicka on them. So to meet all those conditions…

“I see… That’s why you―”

“Yeah, that’s why I had to fight both of you at the same time.”

Suimei sharpened his gaze to the point that it felt like it could cut the very world in half, and held his hand up to the mage’s head.
