“…Um, do I have to specify?”

“Collecting such information is standard procedure. This is all personal, of course. We won’t make any of it public.”

“Hmmmm…”

“Is something the matter?”

The receptionist tilted her head to the side, puzzled by Suimei’s reluctance. For her, asking such a thing was completely natural. When Suimei thought about it, he recalled a conversation he’d had with an excited Reiji and Mizuki when they’d first started learning magic.

They’d said something ridiculous along the lines of the attributes a mage could use being determined at birth. Since he’d heard that from two people who could use every attribute, it seemed like complete nonsense―but regardless of how Suimei felt about it, it was perfectly reasonable for the guild to want to know what kind of magic its mages could use. A pensive expression on his face, Suimei came up with an answer.

“My specialty, well, it would be the fire attribute…”

“Fire, you say? But the magic you used earlier wasn’t attributed to fire…”

“Y-Yeah… I can also use magic with the wind attribute.”

“I see. Suimei-san uses two attributes, correct?”

“Yeah, well…”

Suimei could only be vague, but the receptionist gave him a great smile. It was true that he was especially good at magicka using the fire attribute, but there wasn’t a significant difference between that and his use of other spells. Unlike what Reiji and Mizuki had suggested, Suimei could freely use all types of magicka.

His actual specialty was Kabbalah numerology, which took all of the world’s matter and phenomena and interpreted them as catalogs of numbers and numerical formulas, making it possible to peruse them as if they were in a book. By combining this with magicka, he could manifest the true essence of the numbers, be it fire, water, lightning, or solidifying liquid. With the correct spell and the requisite amount of mana, it was possible to recreate any of the world’s matter and phenomena as magicka. In the world Suimei came from, magicians would generally never speak of the magicka systems and attributes they were unable to use so as to not expose their own weaknesses, but…

Attributes, huh?

Ever since arriving in this world, Suimei had had a feeling that these people placed far too much importance on this aspect of magicka. It was true that for magicka, the traditional four elements or the five elements of wu xing were important components of elementary theory. With them, it was possible to intuit basic relationships and correlations, such as the water attribute being effective against the fire attribute, but that in no way meant that someone who could use the fire attribute couldn’t use the water attribute.

Of course people had natural affinities for certain types of magicka, but fundamentally all humans had the potential to handle any attribute. There were individuals who weren’t particularly talented with certain magickas, thus they might choose not to use certain attributes. It was similar to how most people would prefer to light a fire with matches than flint. Everyone can use flint in theory, but it’s much easier to use the matches.

Thinking of the match and flint as different systems of magicka, the act of creating fire could be accomplished in many ways. It could be done by borrowing the power of a devil, god, or some other paranormal existence. Or as Suimei did, it could be done by using mystical numbers to manifest the fire. The results of using the stars or tarot cards for divination could bring about the flame. It was also possible to create it using runes or yinyang techniques. It was simply a matter of the user’s preference.

So if there was a magicka technique someone had aptitude for, they would be able to manifest whatever attribute they desired. Attributes weren’t meant to be off-limits to magicka users. For Suimei, who had touched upon many different systems of magicka as a modern magician, there were certain attributes he found hard to handle, but that was the extent of his limitations.

That being said, if everyone here used the same system of magicka, they would be restricted by that. It was possible to conceive that certain attributes would be out of reach for certain people that way. By that logic, Suimei could start to understand how this world thought of attributes in such a black and white manner. It was very likely that the magicka system used by Reiji and Felmenia was the major, if not the only, magicka system in this world.

“By the way, Suimei-san, are you able to use recovery magic?”

“R-Recovery magic?”

Suimei raised an eyebrow at this sudden question. The receptionist once more made a confused expression and continued.

“Oh my, are you perhaps not aware of it?”

“No, I do know of it…”

He understood what she was saying, but the nuance of the phrase “recovery magic” was just too vague to him. He knew of healing magicka and spiritual treatment from back home, so he was a bit stumped at her choice of words.

Suimei could guess that healing magicka was an important ability for an adventurer, which would explain why the receptionist was asking about it. The ability to heal oneself and others during battle was certainly a desirable power. Throughout history even in his own world, the number of magicians capable of using strong healing magicka was chronically insufficient.

“…Yeah, I can use it. Well enough that I won’t fall behind, at least.”

“I understand.”

Suimei gave her a nod, and the receptionist finished filling out the form. She then cleared her throat and began speaking in a business-like manner.

“Ehem, excuse me. Well then, after this, we will have Suimei-san evaluated and appointed a rank between F and S based on ability. The explanation for the rank you’re assigned will be given by the person in charge of such matters afterward. Suimei-san, could you please go through that door and take a seat in the next room? We will be with you shortly, so please be patient.”

With those words, she turned around and waved her hand towards the door behind her. Following her instructions, Suimei headed through into the room beyond.

★

After being told about the upcoming evaluation by the receptionist, Suimei headed further into the guild hall and took a seat in the hall he found himself in. It was illuminated by what looked like lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and had something of a slightly lonely feeling. It reminded Suimei of something… A hospital waiting room in the middle of the night.

Despite being in another world, Suimei stewed on the strange, nostalgic feeling this room had inspired in him as he sat and waited. Before long, the door at the end of the hall opened up and someone came out. It was a girl with soft and wavy light brown hair. Similar to the receptionist, she was wearing the guild staff uniform. She walked over to Suimei and cocked her head to the side.

“Um, Suimei Yakagi-san… Right?”

“Yeah… That’s right.”

When Suimei gave an agreeable nod, the girl put on a brilliant smile.

“Please excuse me. I’m the one in charge of guiding the new guild members. My name is Dorothea, and it’s a pleasure to meet you!”

“L-Likewise. I’m looking forward to working with you.”

Suimei responded as politely as he had with the receptionist to the energetic girl who saluted him. While remarking internally how different she was from the others in the front, Dorothea began speaking with a candid smile.

“Oh, don’t feel the need to be formal. We’re similar in age and everything, so let’s be friendly and casual with each other.”

“…Is that alright?”

“It’s fine, it’s fine! It’s easier this way anyway. It’s my job to make sure our brand new guild members who are about to take the evaluation feel at ease, you know? Well, from the looks of it, that may not be necessary for you, Suimei-san.”

“Y-Yeah… Well, once again, it’s nice to meet you.”

“The pleasure’s all mine!”

When Suimei agreed to her request, Dorothea replied with a burst of energy. She enthusiastically urged him to come with her, and then began walking slowly down the passageway. Suimei followed. After a few steps, as if she’d suddenly remembered something, Dorothea turned around and asked Suimei a question.

“Um, I had a look at your registration form. You’re a mage who can wield both the fire and wind attributes, right?”

“Yeah, well, more or less.”

“Heehee. Being awfully modest, aren’t we? Didn’t you just send Rohasan flying using magic without chanting so much as a keyword? I think that makes you, mister, a super skilled mage.”

“Not at all. It all happened so suddenly that I lost myself in the situation and used it by accident.”

Suimei responded to Dorothea’s smile with a harmless smile of his own.

“Well, just like you saw, Roha-san is quite quick-tempered. Recently that kinda thing has been happening a lot, and he likes to just charge into the mess. There’s no stopping him. I’m afraid it was quite rude to you, Suimei-san. I’m sorry.”

“…Do people screw around and play pranks that often here?”

“Yeah, they do. There are innocent people who march right up to the reception desk, the kind of people who admire adventurers but don’t have a shred of talent or experience. And there are those who only want to join the guild to leech off of the benefits that come with membership. I guess it’s a side effect of the hero appearing. Over the past three days, the number of these incidents has increased several fold…”

It must have caused quite a lot of trouble to the guild members. There was a sigh mixed into her voice here and there as Dorothea explained the situation. It was certainly believable that the hero summoning, which was performed because of the attack by the demons on Noshias, would suddenly inspire those who may have been cowering in fear previously. Suimei wasn’t sure how the people of this world commonly viewed the hero, but if it was anything like the blind devotion he’d witnessed in the castle, the hero’s very existence would be a huge morale boost to the side of humanity in the battle to come. It was a powerful enough effect that it had even produced a fever of sorts here. It was good on the whole, but it was quite troublesome for the guild and was the primary reason for the incident at the reception desk earlier.

“So are there many adventurer hopefuls gathered where we’re headed?”

“Nope. You’ll be the last one receiving an evaluation this morning, Suimei-san. I doubt any of the other candidates are still hanging around.”

“I see…”

While Suimei was nodding, Dorothea changed the subject.

“By the way, Suimei-san, did you catch a glimpse of the hero during the parade?”

“Well, yeah, I did see a bit of him…”

He couldn’t exactly admit that he knew the guy and had seen him off. There was simply no reason for him to say it. With stars in her eyes and a gentle sigh, Dorothea continued.

“He’s called Reiji-sama, right? He carried himself so marvelously that I can’t even describe it. As one would expect of a hero, I’m sure. I hear the heroes from previous summonings were similar to him in that they were the very embodiment of earnestness and righteousness.”

Dorothea came to a casual stop and closed her eyes. She was probably remembering the parade. It seemed she also found hope from the image of the hero burned into her mind. Suimei, who hadn’t grown up in this world, didn’t know if the hero was a universal symbol of hope or not, but that certainly seemed to be the case for this girl. It seemed likely her opinion was shared by the public at large, so Suimei decided to ask.

“Do you think that the hero will defeat the Demon Lord and the demon army, Dorothea?”

“If the hero’s extraordinary powers are as great as the people say, I do think it’s possible.”

“People are talking about him?”

“You haven’t heard, Suimei-san?”

“It’s a bit embarrassing to admit, but no, not really.”

Suimei wasn’t actually embarrassed, but he thought it would be easy to pretend to be out of the loop. It was likely the whole city was talking about Reiji. And if the look on Dorothea’s face as she talked about him was any indication, the people here held the hero from another world on the same level as fairy tales. Dorothea seemed to find Suimei’s lack of knowledge on the subject unusual, but proceeded to explain.

“Regarding the hero’s power, there are only the descriptions from history books and stories people have told, passed down through the ages. The few times that the word has fallen into crisis, a hero has been summoned to save us. The fights that those heroes took part in were terrifying. There was the one who fought a giant who was so tall that it could reach the heavens, but the hero split the giant clean in two with a single swing of a sword. There was another hero who cornered a tyrant gripped by insanity by flying through the sky on the back of a black beast. And one who struck down a previous Demon Lord with a holy sword. There are all sorts of stories.”

“Hmm…”

This got Suimei’s attention. Not only were the contents of these stories interesting, but it was something that had a great deal to do with Reiji and company. There was no way that he wouldn’t be interested in something that involved his friends. He would have to investigate more later.

“What do you think, Suimei-san?”

“Hmm?”

“About the hero defeating the Demon Lord. Do you think he can really do it?”

“…I wonder. If the current hero truly possesses the power you just spoke of, then it may just be possible. Though I do wonder if it’s truly like that.”

“You mean… you think he can’t do it?”

“No, I just think it’s too naive to assume that the mere presence of the hero will make the difference between defeat and victory. I also think there’s something strange about people giving up hope and deciding they were doomed in the first place…”

Since Suimei had intimate knowledge of the circumstances, he was filled with anxiety. A battle was not such a casual affair that receiving some boost in power would be enough to achieve victory. Suimei closed his eyes as he worried about such things, but Dorothea puffed out her cheeks indignantly.

“It would be better not to say such things outside. The hero is on the same level as Alshuna-sama’s envoy. If the people from the Church of Salvation heard you, you would be in for a long sermon on all kinds of things.”

“Haha… I’ll be careful.”

This wasn’t the first time Suimei had been threatened with a sermon; Lefille had also said something similar. It seemed that for the people of this world, a sermon from a member of the Church of Salvation was considered a serious punishment. Suimei started to think he’d have to keep such thoughts to himself in the future. After her stern warning, Dorothea’s expression returned to normal.
