In Suimei’s opinion, the second theory was the more viable one in this case. The first theory could have been coincidentally true, but the second made more sense in light of current events. Which meant…

“There are demons here.”

Suimei wasn’t sure where exactly Lefille had fought the ogre or ogrelike demon, but it wasn’t all that far from here. But, perhaps because Suimei had been mumbling, Lefille made no reply to his statement.

“Grakis-san?”

“…Ah, you may be right.”

Lefille took so long to reply that Suimei was curious about what had caught her attention. When he looked at her, she was standing there staring at a single point without moving. Her eyes, which usually had a refreshing light to them, were clouded over with a mysterious gloom. Something about their conversation had deeply affected her. Lefille must have noticed Suimei’s knitted brow, and as if lifting away a veil, her countenance suddenly returned to normal.

“It’s nothing. Please pay it no mind.”

“You don’t say…”

Surely Lefille had her own circumstances. While Suimei was pondering what those might be, he gave a simple, unconvinced reply to her insistence that nothing was wrong. She then began acting like she had something she wanted to say that was a little difficult for her to express.

“Um…”

“…?”

Her voice was nowhere near as dignified as it usually was. She even looked embarrassed, like a young girl calling out to someone timidly.

“Is something wrong?”

“No, it’s… Um…”

Lefille was acting very hesitant. When Suimei looked closely, he could see that she was lightly blushing. As Suimei tilted his head to the side and contemplated what could have possibly brought on this change, Lefille steeled and began speaking.

“U-Um, I’m sorry about this morning. On top of bumping into you, you saw me in such a disgraceful state…”

“Huh? Oh… Oh! No… I should also apologize for my carelessness. I should have been more careful coming around the corner.”

“No, it was my fault for not paying attention to my surroundings. It certainly isn’t anything you should be troubled over. I’m sorry.”

Lefille shook her head as she apologized once more. Suimei decided to ask her more about it.

“Um, did something happen?”

“That’s… Sorry.”

“No, I should be the one apologizing for asking you something so impolite. Please forget about it.”

“W-Well then… I’m going to go introduce myself to the organizer of the trade corps.”

Perhaps she wasn’t able to take the awkward tension anymore. Without waiting for a reply from Suimei, Lefille hurried off to where Gallio was.

★

Within an hour of Suimei and Lefille successfully meeting up with the group, the trade corps departed from the outskirts of Metel without any trouble. It was a promising start to Suimei’s journey. He wanted nothing more than for the rest of the trip to continue this way. Suimei’s job was to escort the trade corps all the way to Kurant City. According to his investigations beforehand, there was a good bit of ground to cover before they would reach their destination.

The distance between Metel and Kurant could be traveled in several days. In terms of the Gregorian calendar Suimei knew, it would take about a week. Metel was situated just west of the country’s midland, while Kurant lay toward the western border. All things considered, one week was actually a fairly short trip between two cities in a country of this size. But for a modern boy like Suimei, having to walk from nearly dawn to dusk was like a light punishment. As for his position in the formation, Suimei had been placed at the rear of the trade corps.

For the purpose of strengthening the forward guard, veteran guild members and trusted mercenaries of other affiliations had taken charge of the front. The other escorts who had accepted the commission, including Suimei, were put in charge of surrounding the cargo to protect it.

Lefille was also part of this group and was walking beside Suimei. Despite the awkward atmosphere from their earlier interaction, nothing was strange between them. While keeping tabs on the wagons and their surroundings, they would talk to each other and engage in idle conversation to pass the time. Since they were comrades on this job, they naturally opened their hearts to each other a little. Even now as a pleasant wind began to blow over the plain, they were still talking.

“…So what about the Goddess Alshuna?”

“The Church of Salvation teaches that she is the being who formed the heavens and earth that we live on. In all the world, there isn’t anything that surpasses her. To those who study the mystical arts, there is no higher existence.”

“I see…”

Suimei was putting together his thoughts while listening to Lefille’s explanation. Currently, Suimei was in the middle of a receiving a lesson from Lefille about the Goddess Alshuna. Suimei knew that Lefille was someone who frequented the church and took this opportunity to learn the fundamentals of the local religion, but…

That means the majority of the people of this world see the Goddess Alshuna as a supreme being. It’s a monotheistic culture…

As it was explained to him, the Goddess Alshuna was the only deity who was worshiped worldwide. The transformation of the world from pure chaos to its current state was attributed to her divine intervention. The only other existence on her level would be the evil god worshiped by the demons, but it seemed the Church of Salvation didn’t recognize their god.

“Even different races like the elves, dwarves, therianthropes, and dragonnewts all acknowledge the Goddess Alshuna.”

“Oh, of course! There are those kinds of demi-humans around, aren’t there?”

“That’s right, but… were there none where you came from?”

“No, I’m afraid not. I’ve only heard about them, and nothing more than that.”

He was glossing over the details, but Suimei wasn’t exactly lying. Races like that were extremely common in fantasy settings, so he knew what they were based on context. But even so, Suimei hadn’t seen a single one in Metel.

“Then I guess you’re in for a surprise once you reach Nelferia. It’s quite diverse there. There won’t be many elves or dragonnewts, but I hear that therianthropes are fairly common… We’ve gone a bit off topic, but did you have anything else you were curious about with regards to Alshuna?”

“No, that’s enough for now. Thank you very much. It was quite educational.”

“You’re quite welcome. It was nothing, really. But if I may ask, does the Goddess not exist in the eastern lands?”

“Hahaha, you could say that…”

Suimei ended up giving a vague answer. Lefille had specifically asked whether or not the Goddess “existed” where he was from. Much the same way the people in this world thought of the Elements as literal powers they could beseech, they regarded their Goddess as an unambiguous entity. Not only were they quite sure she existed, they thought of her in a very anthropomorphic, rather concrete way.

Lefille had fallen silent as Suimei was digesting his thoughts on religion. When he turned to look at her as she walked beside him, he conspicuously took note of what she was carrying. She was wearing the same light armor as when he first met her in addition to a reasonably-sized backpack that wouldn’t be unwieldy for a girl of her stature. But on her back, she was carrying something rather curious and eye-catching.

“What’s the matter, Suimei-kun?”

“Nothing much. I was just thinking that the object on your back is quite large.”

“Ah, this?”

Lefille turned her head and looked over her shoulder at her back. Strapped to it was something large and wrapped in cloth. Suimei and Lefille were around the same height, but this object was easily bigger than either of them. Looking at its shape, it was likely…

“It’s caught my interest for quite a while now, but would that perhaps be a sword?”

“Yeah, that’s exactly it.”

Lefille gave a nod. Just as Suimei had guessed, the huge object was in fact a sword—one massive enough that it looked as though it had been forged to cleave a grizzly bear in two. Calling it a great sword was an understatement. However, what Suimei found more astonishing was the fact that Lefille had been carrying something like that on her back all this time without showing any signs of fatigue. There wasn’t so much as a single drop of sweat on her face. Her strength was simply astonishing to him. She also used a fairly thin sword, but this made it quite clear she was capable of much, much more. How this was possible with her slim figure was a complete mystery to Suimei, even with the eyes of a magician.

“So, why did you choose that as your weapon?”

“This is something that has been passed down in my family from generation to generation. After its previous owner, my father, stepped down, I inherited it.”

“Then at first you used something else?”

“No.”

If she had inherited it from her father, that would suggest it hadn’t always been in her possession. Yet Lefille claimed that wasn’t the case. She gripped an imaginary sword in front of her and acted as if she were swinging it.

“It was drilled into me even as a child. From the very beginning, I only ever trained to use a large sword.”

“In that case, you must have quite some confidence in wielding that thing.”

“Heh… It’s because of that that my only redeeming feature is my talent with a blade.”

“I think it’s amazing. I also have some experience with swords, but even if I had the physical strength for it, I wouldn’t have the confidence to wield something like that.”

Lefille gave a self-deprecating smile as Suimei put his admiration into words. Swords weren’t something someone could use with strength alone. Certainly, all swinging and striking at something took was brute force. But when it came to actual combat ability, that was a completely different game.

On top of the strength needed to just hold the sword, wielding one required precise control of the user’s entire body. For Suimei, who was primarily a magician, that kind of feat was impossible. Lefille must have dedicated her life to learning how to use something of that size and weight to take it on as her weapon of choice. Perhaps that is why she spoke about it the way she did.

“It’s nothing. With enough practice, anybody could use one to split something like an ogre clean in two.”

Suimei was sure that he misheard her. In fact, he was going to pretend like he’d never heard her say something like that so casually. There was no way anyone could split a fortress-smashing giant in two with just practice. That claim blew the humility she had shown when she attributed the victory over the ogre to her companions earlier clean out of the water.

If it was true, she must have seriously been holding back during her guild evaluation. With that kind of skill, she would be a match even for the sword masters from Suimei’s world. Frankly, she was dangerous. While Suimei was thinking such rude things in secret, Lefille would be the one to pose him a question this time.

“Did you have anything drilled into you as a child, Suimei-kun?”

“I didn’t hear that, I didn’t hear that… Huh?”

“Suimei-kun? What’s wrong?”

“Huh? Oh, uh, hrm… For me, well, you know, it was this.”

Finally catching on to the change in topic, Suimei made a gesture to answer her. In a rather obvious way, he gathered dense mana into the palm of his hand. Lefille replied as she came to understand his meaning.

“Magic, right? You’re a mage, after all. I should have known that…”

“Yeah, but at first, it was all utterly incomprehensible. Family and all…”

“It was… incomprehensible?”

Suimei briefly paused to contemplate his answer before replying with a troubled laugh.

“Yeah. When you were taught swordsmanship that had been passed down for generations, Grakis-san, what was it like for you?”

“Hmm… Well, it was something with quite a long history, as you said. I was frequently lectured at length about why it was important for me to learn it and carry that on. So much so that it made my ears bleed.”

Heritage and strict discipline as a means of passing down instructions was something quite common in the history of swordsmanship. But not everything worked like that. Suimei recalled when he first started down the path to magicka. When he was just a small child, his father had led him to the single room in the house with a locked door. And then…

“My father didn’t talk much, so I did not get anything like that. ‘You must memorize this,’ was all he had said to me in the beginning. That was how it started…”

“Without any reason?”
