“You. Do you know this woman?”

“Huh? Well, you could say that…”

Before Suimei could explain that he had only met her in passing earlier that day, Rikus began muttering to himself.

“I see… A friend, huh? Is that so…?”

“Um…”

“You’re friends, right?”

A turbulent atmosphere had come over Rikus, and he was smiling at Suimei strangely. When Suimei looked to the side, he noticed Enmarph was giving off the same vibe. Putting that and the conversation from earlier together, Suimei realized what was going on and turned to Lefille.

“Could it be… these are the two opponents you defeated, Grakis-san?”

“Indeed, it’s just as you surmised. These are the very two… It feels a bit strange to apologize here, but sorry.”

“I thought so…”

It was exactly the situation Suimei had expected, but being right didn’t particularly make him happy right now.

★

In short, the situation hadn’t changed much since the incident at the reception desk. The number of people involved and the cause were different, but Suimei was still getting a raw deal courtesy of a misunderstanding. Confronted with the outburst of anger and hostility from these two guild members, Suimei let out a long sigh. First the prime minister, then the reception desk, and now this. Today was shaping up to be an unlucky day for Suimei, largely spent undeservingly under someone’s hateful glare.

Suimei had so far intuited that the two guild members standing before him were the opponents that Lefille had defeated during her evaluation. Normally for an evaluation, an adventurer from the Twilight Pavilion would fight with an applicant while offering their guidance. It was meant to be a humbling experience. It was also typically only one person. However, for her own gratification, Lefille had asked to fight both of them one after the other.

Of course, the result was obvious now. Suimei glanced to his side. Apart from the thin blade and light armor she donned, Lefille gave off a sense that she’d come from a noble upbringing and lived an extravagant lifestyle. But despite that impression, seeing the two men cursing at her, it seemed she’d beaten them with plenty of room to spare. And since it seemed she’d said all she had to say on the matter, Suimei turned to the two guild members.

“So now I just have to do the same, right?”

Suimei had no reason to let the unjustified hate and hostility being directed at him get him down. Rikus sneered at Suimei’s confident attitude as he answered his question.

“That’s right.”

“And the format of the match?”

“It’s a guild match. There’s no need to adhere to any formalities. We fight, then we’ll give you our evaluation. Just that.”

“By fight, you mean as a normal bout, right?”

“Yeah. However, in the guild evaluation match, we use training swords. Since you’re a mage… Ah, I heard you don’t use a staff anyways, right? Hmph. If you have a weapon on hand that you want to use, feel free to whip it out. But you’re not allowed to kill or seriously injure anyone, regardless of whether it’s with magic or a weapon. Not that you’d be able to do that with us as your opponents. Right, Enmarph?”

“…It won’t be an issue.”

Those were the first words Enmarph had spoken this entire time. He seemed to be a quiet person. Even though his face radiated anger, his voice didn’t waver in the slightest.

“But… didn’t you just lose? Both of you, no less.”

“Shut up, Dorothea! Don’t fucking make fun of us!”

“Eeek!”

Dorothea let out a shriek when faced with Rikus’s thunderous yell and Enmarph’s silent pressure. She then turned towards Suimei and stuck out her tongue like it had all been on purpose. Not that she’d needed to add more fuel to this fire…

“So, which will it be? We’ll let you pick.”

“Which one, huh…?”

There was no reason for Suimei to think about it too hard. It wasn’t like he was hiding his magic like he had been when he first arrived in this world. He’d seen fights between Reiji and the knights at the castle, but watching and participating were two different things. It would make sense to get some experience fighting in this world while he had the chance. Lefille was about to leave anyway, so it would only be the three of them left in the room. In that case, Suimei could quickly bring everything to an end without a fuss. If he handled this correctly, he might be able to do something about the reputation he’d established for himself at the reception desk.

In that case, this is a great opportunity.

Little did Suimei know he was about to pour even more oil on the fire himself. Dorothea’s assistance in that regard was wholly unnecessary.

Suimei finally spoke up and addressed Rikus, who had been glaring at him all this time just waiting for an answer.

“Well then, while it is a little presumptuous of me… I will take both of you at the same time.”

“…Oh-ho?”

“What?!”

With Suimei’s declaration, Lefille let out a curious inquiry while Dorothea let out a surprised yell. The two men he’d addressed, on the other hand, were obviously quite stirred.

“Huh?! You want to take both of us on at the same time? Are you serious right now, you punk?”

“Yeah. I’m not in the habit of making bad jokes.”

Suimei gave a rather unabashed reply, which only made Rikus’s already bad mood worse.

“If you had the ability of that woman there, it’d be one thing, but do you really think we’d both fall to a single mage? Don’t get so damn cocky just ’cause you sent one guy flying at the reception desk.”

As Rikus was channeling all of his anger into words, Enmarph was also silently boiling over and glaring at Suimei. As expected, both men were quite prideful. But there was nothing Suimei could do about that. He could still be considered a child, and here he was boasting before two experienced guild members. Of course they wouldn’t take it well. But the feeling in this case was mutual. Suimei was getting tired of being yelled at. With the increasing tension the air, Dorothea cut in timidly to try and calm the situation.

“Um, Suimei-san, are you serious about fighting both of them at the same time?”

“Yeah. That’s what I’d like. After this, I still need to go find a place to stay for the night and somewhere to eat, so I’d like to end this quickly.”

“Um, that’s not what I meant―”

Before Dorothea could finish, Rikus’s irritated voice cut her off.

“Are you that confident you can finish this quickly?”

“Yeah.”

“You sure talk big.”

“Look, this is about the size of it. Just as you both have your pride as guild members, I have pride in the path that I’ve walked up to this point. It isn’t good for your health to be humble all the time, after all.”

“Brat… Being an idiot who can’t judge their opponents’ abilities will take a merciless bite out of your rank. If you take back your joke now and pick one of us, I’ll forgive you just this once.”

“I have no intention of doing that. Also, I haven’t done anything that requires your forgiveness.”

“…Then I don’t wanna hear you whining about how this goes later, you hear?”

“Thanks for the warning, I guess.”

As Suimei shrugged his shoulders, Rikus began grinding his teeth and turned towards Enmarph.

“Tch… Enmarph, we can’t stand for being underestimated by these brats anymore. Let’s hurry up and beat the crap out of him.”

“…Got it.”

After confirming the plan with Enmarph, Rikus returned his glare back towards Suimei like he was trying to stare a hole right through his head. The air still bristling with tension, the two men headed to the center of the training grounds.

“Suimei-kun… Those two are quite skilled fighters, you understand. Is this really alright?”

“Yeah.”

“You have confidence you can beat them?”

“Yes, though I’m afraid my appearance makes it look like that’s unwarranted.”

Lefille let out a gentle laugh at Suimei’s self-deprecating remark.

“That’s true.”

“An immediate agreement? So mean…”

Lefille responded so quickly that Suimei reflexively rattled off a joking retort. The two of them had a good laugh together.

“Heehee…”

“Hahaha.”

Unexpectedly, she and Suimei got along quite well. As he was casually thinking about how Alshuna’s unfortunate guidance had brought them together…

“Either way, facing the two of them at the same time lines up with my goals. It’s perfectly fine by me.”

“I see. In that case, I don’t have any objections.”

Lefille nodded quietly, then turned towards Dorothea.

“Excuse me, but would you allow me to observe this fight?”

“Eh?!”

Suimei blurted out a strange, surprised noise. Why would she want to observe? This development ran completely counter to Suimei’s plans.

“Well, I don’t mind… But perhaps we should ask Suimei-san?”

“Huh…? Well, no, I don’t particularly mind either.”

“Then why did you gasp like that? Your face was twisted all like, ‘Buwuh?!’ You know? Bu-wuh?!”

“I just… I just wasn’t expecting that. I was merely surprised.”

“Yeah? Even so, you’re acting kinda strange…”

Dorothea cocked her head to the side, and Lefille gave a satisfied nod upon getting permission to stay.

“I’m glad. I will be intently watching your fight from the sidelines, then.”
