“Well, it’s just as you said, Suimei-san. The people from the guild are not so optimistic either… Well, returning to our previous talk, because of the hero’s influence, the number of applicants to the knights, the army, and our Twilight Pavilion have all multiplied quite extraordinarily over the last few days compared to normal…”

“So that would explain why the receptionist got all tense and tried to turn me away when I came in dressed like a completely normal civilian.”

“Yup. Suimei-san, I think you should at least get a staff. I don’t know how things will go after you receive a guild card, but a hopeful who isn’t even carrying a weapon asking to register at the counter was certainly unprecedented.”

“I’m sure. I’ll have to think about that.”

Suimei was truly embarrassed that he’d caused such a scene because he hadn’t thought things through. He felt like an out-of-place country bumpkin incapable of reading the room. While Suimei was lamenting his mistake internally and bowing his head a little in shame, Dorothea put her hands on her hips and thrust out her chest.

“It’s fine as long as you understand. So it’s all good.”

Dorothea exclaimed this with complete satisfaction.

“So, Suimei-san, do you have any other questions?”

“Just one more. What exactly will I be doing for an evaluation?”

That was the main thing that had been on Suimei’s mind all this time. In the novels Mizuki had shown him, when the visitor from another world registered for the guild, they would usually just place their hand on a mysterious crystal ball that would measure their ability. Was that really how things worked here, too? As Suimei was wondering about this, he saw a glint in Dorothea’s eye like she’d been waiting for him to ask this all along. She answered him with gusto.

“Naturally, it’s a fight!”

Suimei failed to see how that was the natural conclusion here.

★

Shortly after Suimei heard what the evaluation would be from Dorothea, they passed through another doorway into a large room that resembled the interior of a gymnasium.

“I see. The reason the building is so big is because of this facility.”

“Yes. This is the largest guild office in the country, after all. We at least have to have a proper place for training.”

“A training ground, huh? But it doesn’t look like there’s anyone here.”

Just as Suimei had said, the spacious training ground was completely empty. After being told the number of applicants had increased dramatically as of late, he was quite sure he’d see a few of them here. Contrary to his expectations, however, the closest presence he could sense was in a room further into the building.

“The second training ground is used for evaluations in the morning, so there won’t be anyone training at this time. I believe the person who was evaluated before you is in the next room filling out the required documentation.”

“I see.”

Suimei gave an indifferent reply when he suddenly felt that something below his feet was out of place. He lowered his gaze and decided to ask Dorothea about it.

“Hey, the flooring here… Isn’t it a little weird?”

“Yes, I’m surprised you noticed. This training ground was built using an advanced magic-resistant material. Spells get thrown around in here a lot, after all, so the place was designed to stand up to that.”

“A magic-resistant material?”

“Yes. It was a very recent discovery, actually. This is about the only place in all of Metel that has it, you know.”

“Huh. To think such a thing existed…”

Suimei paid no mind to Dorothea, who was acting excessively proud, as he admired the material. Instead of her, he was looking down at the floor with deep interest. The materials that made up the flooring and even the walls looked like nothing but ordinary wood and stone, but apparently had magic-resistant qualities.

Since his own world also magickally treated materials, it didn’t strike him as all that unusual. But for a material to be resistant against mana without having a spell applied to it was quite interesting to him. As he continued to admire it, Dorothea once more welcomed him to the training ground and spread her arms out wide.

“Like I said, this will be the place where we hold your evaluation. We’ll pair you up with a guild member of our choosing and hold a match right here. After observing the way you fight, we will assign you an appropriate rank.”

“Hey… Theoretically, just theoretically, is there an evaluation method that doesn’t involve fighting?”

“That’s an interesting question. In return, let me ask you this: is there a simple way other than fighting to evaluate you?”

“Okay, fair enough…”

“So you understand, right? Then―”

While Dorothea was trying to move the conversation forward, a presence on the other side of the door further into the room started to move towards them. With the sound of the door opening, a single figure emerged. After spotting Suimei and Dorothea, the person in question called out to them with a voice like the clear ringing of a bell. It was a pleasant sound, and her voice wafted all the way over to them like a gentle breeze.

“Could that be… Is that you, Suimei-kun?”

“Ah, Grakis-san. It’s been a short while.”

The person at the door was the woman Suimei had become acquainted with earlier under rather odd circumstances, Lefille Grakis. Suimei gave an odd reply as she walked over with her vivid, shiny, long, red hair swishing behind her at every step. After closing the distance between them, she looked a bit puzzled.

“Why are you here?”

“Well, it seems I will be taking an evaluation to determine my rank.”

“Oh…? But weren’t you here at the guild to put in a request for a job?”

“Ah…”

Suimei finally realized the misunderstanding she was under when he saw her surprised expression. When they’d parted ways with each other at the reception desk, her parting words were something to the effect of: “I hope your commission gets quickly resolved.” Suimei now finally understood why she’d said that.

“No. In fact, I’m a registration candidate myself. And… despite how I may look, I’m a mage.”

“Is that so? You weren’t armed, so I just assumed you were here to make a request…”

“Yeah, I’m sorry about that… Really sorry. I will be more careful from now on.”

“Why are you apologizing so much?”

“…It’s nothing.”

The conversation naturally drifted in that direction. Lefille had been under the same false impression everyone else had. The phrase “just deserts” came to mind. After hearing the same thing from multiple people now, Suimei was just sinking further into regret. Seeing that the two of them recognized each other, however, Dorothea spoke up.

“Do the two of you know each other?”

“Not really. We just met in front of the reception desk earlier.”

Dorothea gave an understanding nod to Lefille. Suimei then jumped back into the conversation.

“Grakis-san, what about your evaluation?”

“Yeah, I just finished up with it a moment ago.”

“How was it?”

“Well, about adequate, I would say.”

She said that with a glint in her eye and daring smile on her lips. By the look of it, it seemed her evaluation had been far more than just adequate. She didn’t show a single sign of exhaustion, and she wasn’t even breathing heavily. Noticing that, Dorothea made an expression halfway between astonishment and bewilderment.

“To call your performance ‘about adequate’ with those two as your opponents… They’re both quite skilled guild members, you know.”

“Is that right? I just carried myself and fought as I usually do.”

“Just as usual, huh? It’s a real shame you won’t be staying in Metel, Lefille-san.”

Hearing these words from Dorothea, Suimei casually turned towards Lefille.

“Where are you headed, Grakis-san?”

“Ah, that’s―”

“Ummmm, I’m sorry to interrupt, but… it’s about time to start your evaluation. Do you mind?”

It seemed that Dorothea was pressed for time, and she cut off Lefille in the middle of her reply. They had spent quite a lot of time talking since entering the training ground, after all.

“Yeah. I’m ready at any time.”

“Understood. Then… Rikus-san and Enmarph-san! If you will!”

Dorothea raised her voice as she called towards the next room over. In response, two people walked through the doorway. One was a man who appeared to be a warrior, carrying a two-handed sword and wearing leather armor. The other was a man carrying a staff in one hand and wearing robes —a mage, no doubt. These were surely the opponents that Dorothea had been talking about for the evaluation.

“Two of them?”

“From here, we’ll have you fight against one of them. Rikus-san is a warrior, and Enmarph-san is a mage. They’re both very different in their strengths and abilities, but they’re both quite skilled and should serve well in measuring your aptitude.”

“Hmm…”

While Dorothea was explaining, Suimei had been scrutinizing the men who were still approaching from a fair distance. Their mana, presence, and prowess. He couldn’t sense anything from either of them that would put him on guard. They made their way over to Suimei in no time, and immediately the one who looked like a warrior began speaking to him in a curt tone.

“So, you the newbie?”

“Yeah.”

“Name and occupation?”

“I’m Suimei Yakagi. I’m pretty much a mage.”

Suimei ended up replying in a very blunt manner to the man’s highhanded attitude. The man, who Suimei assumed was Rikus, glared at him in response.

“Ah? What’s with the ‘pretty much?’”

“It’s just a matter of my personal preference. Nothing of note, really.”

“Huh, is that so?”

Suimei wasn’t sure why Rikus had taken such a haughty tone with him. He was probably irritated that Suimei was talking back to him, but still, this man had started it and was being excessively rude. The mage called Enmarph, though silent, was also giving off an atmosphere like he would electrocute anyone who dared to touch him. As Suimei continued to asses the duo, Rikus turned towards Lefille.

“You. You’re still here?”

“Yeah. I was just talking to these two a bit.”

Rikus had been making a scary face reminiscent of a Nioh, but after his short facial spasm passed, he turned his glare on Suimei.
