Chapter 3: The Demon General Rajas

Chapter 3: The Demon General Rajas

A few days had passed since the trade corps that Suimei was escorting departed from the royal capital of Metel. They had yet to encounter monsters, bandits, or even heavy rain. They had simply been moving forward, only stopping here and there at small villages and relay stations along the way.

Just the other day, they passed over what was believed to be the major obstacle in the journey—the mountains—and they were now traveling a fairly rugged road. According to the others in the trade corps, they were about two thirds of the way to their destination. Once they passed through the foothills and the following basin, Kurant City would be on the horizon.

However, even if this was a different world, its principles seemed largely the same. Much like on Earth, nothing would ever go that smoothly here.

The group eventually made it past the foothills and entered a wooded area that grew dense on occasion. It would have been an extraordinary sight with sunlight filtering through the trees, but it was so overcast that it only made the forest seem gloomy. The ashen sky was almost ominous. There was an unease in the air, and before long, Suimei could sense a dangerous presence in the vicinity.

“…Suimei-kun, have you noticed?”

“Well, more or less.”

Suimei only knew that there was something nearby. Ever since they’d set foot in the forest, he’d felt a bad premonition prickling at the back of his neck. And now as he focused on the presence approaching from the side, that feeling seemed totally justified. Whatever it was… it wasn’t human.

“Hey, are those monsters? Something doesn’t feel right…”

“Not monsters. Demons.”

“Huh… Demons?”

Suimei and Lefille had talked about that possibility previously.

“You seem awfully sure about that. Couldn’t it be something else?”

“No, I’m certain.”

“Why?”

“…I’m quite familiar with them. I can say that it’s demons beyond a shadow of doubt. There’s no mistaking it.”

When Suimei asked for confirmation, Lefille gave a rather stiff reply. As the dangerous presence drew nearer, the others in the trade corps noticed and all movement came to an abrupt stop. Shortly after, an armored adventurer quietly came over to the two of them with a sense of urgency. The grim look on his face seemed to indicate he knew what was going on.

“Hey.”

The adventurer called out to them, and Lefille gave a serious nod in reply.

“Yeah, we noticed it too.”

“Oh yeah? Hmm… Okay, then I’ll make this quick. According to one of the mages, the things approaching us seem to be monsters. Gallio’s intention is to meet their ambush here.”

Unlike what Lefille had suggested, the other adventurers seemed to suspect the incoming presence was monsters. But in either case, the plan was to stay in place and wait for them. Suimei didn’t think it was a great idea.

“We’ll meet them here?”

“Yeah, that’s right. Is there a problem with an escort fighting?”

“No, that’s not the issue. What will the merchants do?”

If they waited for the enemy to attack, it was certain that the merchants they were here to protect would be in danger. In order to make sure they wouldn’t get caught up in the fighting, an escort would normally have the merchants retreat somewhere safe before engaging in combat. The road behind them at the bottom of the mountain, however, was particularly rugged and didn’t have a lot of cover, making it a difficult place to try and hide. Lefille knew that and shared Suimei’s doubt about the current plan, so she tried suggesting an alternative.

“Perhaps we could have them go ahead and then intercept the ambush?”

“No, that won’t do.”

“Then could they go further into the forest?”

“No, that also won’t work either.”

The adventurer shook his head at everything Lefille said, but Lefille’s plan was a sound one. She wanted to allow the merchants to continue along the path, then have the escort ambush the ambush. It would be the most effective way to cut them off. But nonetheless, the adventurer was quite set on taking another course of action. He explained himself with a stern look on his face.

“Listen, it looks like there are monsters ahead of us too. With that and the ones approaching from the side, it’s possible there are also some behind us. In the worst scenario, we may even be completely surrounded. And if that’s the case, rather than moving the merchants around carelessly, we need to gather them and keep them where we can keep an eye on them… That’s what we decided.”

Suimei was convinced by this, but Lefille still had more to say.

“Who will be attacking?”

“Huh? Attacking? No, no one’s…”

“Why not? If there’s a possibility that we’re surrounded, won’t we need to break through their formation?”

“What? Th-There should be no reason for us to go on the offensive. If we just tighten ranks and strengthen our defenses, a couple monsters shouldn’t pose any problems.”

“I see…”

Lefille quietly withdrew when the adventurer objected. She may have just wanted to avoid getting into an unproductive dispute, but Suimei could hear a tinge of disappointment in her voice.

“That takes care of what you need to know, doesn’t it? If so, I’m returning to my post in the front. I’ll be leaving the cargo to you guys.”

“Sorry, but may I say one more thing?”

“…What is it?”

“I don’t know about what’s approaching from the front, but what’s coming at us from the side isn’t monsters—it’s demons. Please inform Gallio-dono.”

“Huh? How do you know that?”

“From experience. This is not the presence of monsters.”

The adventurer let out a small groan when she said that. He then paused and gave Lefille a scrutinizing look.

“…Understood. I’ll let him know that’s a possibility.”

After conceding that much, the adventurer swiftly moved back to the front of the convoy. Once he left, Lefille took the weapon from her back and removed the wrap covering it, revealing what was indeed an enormous sword.

Just looking at it, Suimei guessed it was about 180 centimeters from the pommel to the tip of the blade. It was as long as a zweihänder and as thick as a claymore. It was shaped something like an elongated triangle—an elaborate sword made in this world. But it wasn’t gaudy. It shone a beautiful red and silver. Compared to the swords Suimei had seen the others carrying, hers was like an out of place artifact.

Lefille carried the sword quite casually with one hand, and the few beams of sunlight that broke through the clouds made the blade glitter. Suimei was curious where exactly she hid the strength to wield something like that. He couldn’t figure it out, but he could tell from the way she carried it that she was experienced with it. All of a sudden, Lefille turned and began walking towards the presence that was approaching the convoy from the side—the very group she believed to be demons.

“U-Uh, Lefille?”

“Suimei-kun, I’m sorry, but I’m going to take the initiative and head out to attack them.”

“Heading out… Is that really something you should be doing on your own? They’re still a ways out, so shouldn’t you at least consult with Galliosan and the others?”

Lefille closed her eyes and shook her head.

“No, look around you.”

He did, but all he could see were the merchants and escorts hurriedly preparing for the danger ahead of them.

“The other adventurers and mercenaries are completely fixated on only defending. Do you understand?”

“Yeah, seems that way. I mean, that’s what he said the plan was.”

“That won’t do.”

“Huh…”

Lefille quite flatly put down the strategy that the trade corps was adopting. The way she was speaking reminded Suimei of what she’d said before.

“That’s… You mean that stuff about breaking through?”

“That’s right. Demons are, without exception, beings who know only how to steal, destroy, and kill. Above all else, their bloodlust is strong. They’ll only come at us harder if we take a defensive formation. If we want to deal with those things, just defending will do us no good.”

“I’m well aware of the dangers of just defending. But even if you say it won’t do any good, I can’t agree that running out on your own would be any good either. Just like defending is dangerous, doesn’t attacking also have its fair share of risks? If we’re really surrounded and that’s what we have to do, then it’s what we have to do… but I still can’t say it’s the most reasonable course of action right now.”

Suimei was trying to hold Lefille back from doing something reckless. It may have just been the opinion of an amateur, but Suimei didn’t believe that the motley group protecting the trade corps would be able to accomplish Lefille’s goals.

“Are you saying you think we should stay and defend?”

“No, I’m just saying that it’s unreasonable for you to try and cut through them on your own.”

Suimei didn’t doubt Lefille, but he didn’t know the true extent of her strength either. As a magician, he didn’t have a trained eye for assessing someone’s ability with a sword. He knew she was strong, but not how strong. And he didn’t know how strong the enemy they’d be facing was. He simply didn’t have enough information. Lefille then turned towards Suimei and gave him a nod like she understood what he was thinking.

“Your point is certainly valid. But what I said still stands. I know those things very well. There’s no way I’d underestimate them after all this time. And…”

“And?”

Lefille paused for a moment. Suimei felt goosebumps for an instant as the atmosphere around her darkened.

“…And you won’t be able to wipe them out like that, right?”

The cold beauty’s expression clouded over for an instant, and it wasn’t because of the overcast sky. Her face now revealed the dark shadow behind her righteous heart as a swordswoman. A single red eye glimmering with anger and hatred pierced through that shadow, the very same way it threatened to pierce through her enemy. Suimei was sure there was something behind that gaze of hers. Just how closely were demons tied to this girl’s destiny?

“Suimei-kun, demons are evil. From the moment they’re born to the moment they die, they are wholly and utterly despicable. They know no other way to live. That’s why… That’s why those things must be cut down. I will kill them all. I won’t leave a single one alive.”

Lefille’s dark determination overpowered any of Suimei’s objections.

“That’s how it is.”

That was all she muttered before turning away from Suimei.

“H-Hey, Lefille!”

Suimei called out to her with a flustered voice. And as if to apologize for darkening the mood so dramatically, Lefille looked over her shoulder with a bright smile.

“Thank you, Suimei-kun. But there’s no need to worry about me. Please help take care of the cargo in my place. See you.”

With those parting words, Lefille went deeper into the forest. Somewhere ahead of her were the demons she intended to defeat.

She’s fast…

It was like watching a red gale cutting through the trees. And seeing her move like that, Suimei could no longer think she was being reckless. The footing in the forest was poor and she was carrying a massive object, but she was moving like that made no difference to her. Suimei found it simply beautiful. If she was capable of moving that swiftly in such conditions, surely there was no chance she’d lose in any ordinary fight. And it wasn’t long before he lost sight of her. The others who had seen her run off were noisily making a fuss in bewilderment and anger, but it didn’t last long.

“They’re coming!”
