“Ah, no…”

She must have felt danger at being touched. Shutting her eyes tightly, Lefille’s body stiffened up. The strong swordswoman who fought boldly against the demons was completely unrecognizable in this girl who was frightened of a man. Not minding the change that had come over her, Suimei gently touched her skin where the curse was engraved.

“Correspondence of all creation.”

What he cast was analysis magicka. As Lefille cowered in his arms, he placed his hand directly against the curse’s mark and began to investigate the formula behind it. As his magicka circle spread out, information passed into Suimei through his hand. Since it had been inflicted on her, it wasn’t a naturally occurring curse. It was categorized closer to sensory resonance magicka. He could tell that much, but even with his knowledge of modern magicka, it was impossible for Suimei to dispel it. He gritted his teeth when he realized that, but that didn’t mean he was completely powerless. Suimei gathered mana in his hand and used a second spell to alleviate the effects of the curse.

“Hnn, hngh… Ah…”

After a short while, Lefille’s unduly pained voice gradually became more at ease. Before long, her ragged breathing had settled down too.

“How’s the heat in your body?”

“Ah… hahh, ha… Ah…. It’s considerably calmed down, it seems… What was that?”

“I’m using magicka to suppress the effects of the curse. With this, you should feel a little better.”

“Truly? Nobody’s ever been able to do this much…”

She sounded relieved, but that only made Suimei feel guiltier. Even if he could mitigate the curse to an extent, he still couldn’t…

“Sorry. Even though I can temporarily weaken its power, I’m not able to dispel it. It’s a tricky case. We’ll likely either have to take out whoever cast it on you, or do something about the intermediary used when it was cast on you. I don’t think there’s any other way to dispel it.”

As he spoke, Suimei bowed his head down in disappointment. Lefille’s curse was a practical application of sensory resonance magicka.

Sensory resonance magicka, along with contact magicka, was magicka proposed by Scottish anthropologist and scholar of the mysteries James George Frazer. It utilized the idea that things that had similar shapes, and even concepts which resembled each other, were all connected in an invisible manner, and subsequently able to influence each other. A connection of that nature could even mystically amplify a curse.

It was essentially the idea behind using a doll modeled after someone or a picture of them in lieu of doing something to the person themselves. Common examples were the Japanese ritual of nailing a doll to a tree or the Haitian voodoo doll. And based on what Suimei learned from his analysis, Lefille’s curse was probably something similar. That meant it wouldn’t be easy to dispel the curse without eliminating whatever medium resembled the target.

“Sorry. This is the best I can do.”

“…It’s fine. Thank you.”

With a curse he couldn’t undo right in front of him, Suimei was forced to confront his own powerlessness. Suimei apologized as he sank into a deep sense of helplessness, but Lefille managed a pained smile and shook her head. Drop by drop, Lefille’s overflowing sadness began pouring down her cheeks. It continued like a sudden rain, drip… drop…

“Hngh…”

The pain she was going through was something only she could understand. And as an outsider to her feelings, there was nothing Suimei could really say to comfort her. No matter how much he supported her body, it wasn’t his place. And so as Lefille continued to cry, Suimei was unable to say a word.

★

A few days had passed since the evening Suimei found out about Lefille’s curse. Wary both of the wildlife and whatever demons may be lurking, the pair had to proceed with caution, and had yet to actually make it out of the forest.

Currently, they were sitting in a clearing next to a river and having a modest lunch. After rendering the river water safe to drink with magicka and spreading out the food from his school bag, Suimei began chewing on a hard piece of bread as Lefille pointed to a jar that was next to him.

“Sorry, Suimei-kun, but could you pass me the honey over there?”

“Yeah, here.”

“Thanks.”

As Suimei handed over the jar of honey. Lefille thanked him and began spreading some on her bread. And as she was excessively doing so, Suimei called out to her.

“Hey, Lefille.”

“Mm, this bread is quite hard, isn’t it? It’s better if you lightly dip it in water, Suimei-kun.”

“Yeah, I get that, but that’s not what I’m saying.”

“Don’t worry, this honey is quite sweet. Getting it a little wet doesn’t diminish the taste at all.”

“…”

Suimei fell silent over the one-way conversation. Lefille had been acting like this since that night. She was clearly affected by what happened. Not only was her behavior unnatural, she was hardly listening to him and would gloss right over anything he tried to say.

Well, after what happened…

After he’d learned her secret, there was perhaps no helping the awkwardness between them. However…

“Hey, Lefille.”

“What’s the matter, Suimei-kun? If it’s about lunch, I’m fine, thank you. I’ve had enough. Or can I pass you something this time?”

“No, that’s not what I… You’ve got some honey on your cheek.”

“Huh…? Bwuh?!”

Lefille raised her voice in surprise and began scrubbing her cheek with her hand in a fluster before pointing a critical look towards Suimei.

“Y-You should have said so sooner… Wait, there’s no…”

“Yeah, I lied.”

As Suimei said that curtly, Lefille stood up in indignation.

“Y-You! You tricked me?!”

“Well, yeah. A certain someone is refusing to have a conversation with me, so I thought I’d give things a little kick-start.”

“Hmph… That’s…”

“So, Lefille… We’re working together here, so just talk to me, okay? You said so earlier, didn’t you? If we can talk to each other, our teamwork will be that much better.”

“…”

In a complete one-eighty from the act she’d been putting on before, Lefille hung her head down bitterly. Suimei could see sorrow flickering in her eyes. Leaving things like this wouldn’t be any good either.

“W-Well… You know, after what happened, I know it’ll be somewhat difficult. But it’s also awkward for me, and it might be hard, but I think it’ll be better to put some effort into getting along a bit―”

“It’s alright, Suimei-kun. I’m happy that you’re being so considerate, but please don’t be concerned about me anymore.”

“Lefille…”

Suimei’s expression became somewhat lonely. His proposal to put some effort into getting along was shot down by just a few words of refusal.

“This is a good opportunity, so let me speak plainly here. You shouldn’t be with me.”

“Shouldn’t be with you? That’s a little…”

“Getting involved with me will only bring misfortune on you too. That’s why you should stop trying to get any closer than you need to.”

Just what was Lefille thinking about as she issued that declaration with such gloomy eyes? Perhaps she was recalling the people she’d been unable to protect in the past. Looking into her eyes, Suimei could sense her pain.

“Everyone who gets involved with me… vanishes. And if you insist on sticking around, you’ll be killed by Rajas and the demons too. I’ve had enough of it. I’ve had enough of watching people die right in front of my eyes because of me. That’s why…”

“Don’t just decide on your own that I’m gonna be killed by demons.”

“But that’s just how it is. The demons are strong, and they make for terrifying enemies. And if it comes down to that, I’ll end up abandoning you. I have to. For the sake of protecting the power of the spirits. And I’m sick of abandoning my friends.”

“…”

Suimei remained silent with a stern expression, but Lefille closed her eyes and spoke earnestly and imploringly.

“I know I’m being selfish, but could you back down here? Once we clear the forest, let’s split up immediately. Please.”

“That’s so sudden. Surely you don’t expect me to come up with an answer on the spot, right?”

Lefille awkwardly cast her gaze downwards at Suimei’s reply, but their conversation was brought to an abrupt halt when the thickets behind them had suddenly started rustling noisily.

“Tch… Suimei-kun!”

“Yeah.”

Turning around immediately, Lefille called out to Suimei as if to warn him, and Suimei hailed her back. Was the identity of that obscure, loitering presence a stray dog? A wolf? A monster? Or perhaps even a demon?

Faced with a potential attack, Suimei put all six of his senses to work and stayed on his guard. Things had gotten serious in mere seconds. With an armed swordswoman and a powerful magician ready to throw down, the air was bristling with tension. But what appeared before them wasn’t at all what they were expecting. What came crawling from the rustling thicket was a badly wounded man.

“What?!”

“H-Hey!”

Lefille and Suimei both voiced their surprise. The wounded man was dressed in armor like an adventurer, but his steps were unsteady, his eyes were vacant, his clothes were stained red with blood, and his entire body was festering from the aftermath of what looked like lacerations and burns. His breathing was but a faint wheeze, as if he was already at death’s door. He was in such bad shape that his eyes were unable to focus on anything. Lefille quickly ran over to him.

“Hang in there!”

“Ah, guh… Y-You’re…”

“What happened?!”

“W-We… were attacked… by demons… in the mountains…”

“Mountains? Demons, you said?”

That was all they were able to discern from the man’s faltering speech. Hearing just those fragmented words, Lefille’s expression became grim. Coming to a different realization altogether, Suimei tapped her on the shoulder.

“Hey, Lefille. This guy’s…”

“What about him?”

“He’s the adventurer from before.”

“Before? Ah…”

Lefille was surprised when she realized what he meant. Thanks to all the blood loss and trauma, she hadn’t recognized the man at first. When Lefille was forced to leave the trade corps, this was the escort who’d been so nasty and raised a fuss about it. After being attacked by demons somewhere, it seemed he’d run away on his own. Or perhaps he came looking for help. Suimei didn’t know which it was, but the pressing matter at hand was that this man needed help. While gathering mana in the palms of his hands, he gave directions to Lefille.

“Lefille, lay him down over there. I’ll cast healing magicka right away.”
