“What?”

“Earlier when the demon was fighting Lefille, he said, ‘I remember now,’ right? That would imply the demon didn’t recognize her until after he got here. If he had been hunting her down, surely he wouldn’t have said something like that, right?”

“Th-That’s unrelated!”

“What? There’s no way it’s unrelated…!”

“He could have just been going on vague information. In that case, they wouldn’t necessarily know what she looked like, right? Isn’t that right?”

It was possible someone fitting her description had been reported in the area and the demons had come to investigate. It was possible that they’d only realized it was her after arriving. Suimei couldn’t argue with that much.

“Also, before we were attacked, remember what that woman said? She was sure it was demons! How could she possibly know something like that? It could have easily been monsters. Yeah, you get it now, right? She had to have known demons were coming after her!”

Suimei realized that this was the adventurer who had come to them to inform them of the attack in the first place. This man had been dubious of Lefille’s claim at the time as well.

“That’s a pretty skewed conclusion. Couldn’t it just be because she has a special sense for detecting demons?”

“Maybe. But can you prove that?”

“That’s…”

It was an extremely selfish question fully intended to railroad Suimei into conceding. Suimei had nothing more to say to anyone resorting to that kind of sophistry. One’s ability to sense the presences wasn’t something that could be proven to others. Even if there were a way to do that, this man was past the point of reason.

“You can’t, right? So don’t butt in where you don’t fucking belong.”

“Ugh…”

Everything that came out of this man’s mouth was grating Suimei’s nerves. He was about to lose it himself, but before that could happen, a man parted the crowd and came forward.

“Please wait, both of you.”

“Gallio-san…”

When Suimei turned towards the voice, he saw Gallio, the man in charge of the trade corps.

“You’re both here to protect the trade corps, so it would be troublesome if there was friction between you. I would like the both of you to bring an end to your quarrel immediately.”

“You say you want to end the quarrel, Gallio-san? Then do you got a proper way to end it?”

“Yes. As the man responsible for managing this trade corps, I would like you to leave this matter to me.”

“Y-Yeah…”

As Gallio flatly declared his intention to handle the situation, the adventurer nodded obediently and shut up. Before Gallio’s authority, he simply lost all of his steam. It went to show that he at least had some experience and knew his place, despite how he sounded. After getting the adventurer’s consent, Gallio briefly glanced around at all the others to confirm with them as well. No one had any intention of interfering, and nodded back at him accordingly. All the voices that were yelling at Lefille had now been silenced. And once Gallio had control of things, he turned towards Lefille.

“Grakis-san, I am the one responsible for this trade corps. In other words, I am in a position where I must put the trade corps’ safety at the highest priority.”

Everyone present knew this already, but he went out of his way to make his position clear.

“Right now, the demons have us in their sights. The cause appears to fall on your shoulders. As the one responsible for the safety of this trade corps, I cannot accept that. Do you understand?”

“Yes, I understand. You’re saying that I should distance myself from the trade corps, correct?”

“―?!”

“Yes, that is correct. It is a fact that parting with your strength in this situation is regretful, but it is also true that your presence will guarantee we’re a target when the demons come back. I don’t have to say any more, do I?”

Gallio had been awfully roundabout with his approach, but Lefille understood his intent and nodded firmly in response. As she did, the surrounding crowd began yelling in agreement. “Hurry up and get outta here!” and “You damn jinx!” were just a few of the ill mannered jeers being thrown at her. It wasn’t as though Lefille had put them or herself in this position on purpose. The malice from the trade corps was simply uncalled for. If anything, she was the one in the most danger. She should have been the one distressed. Suimei thought it was just plain wrong for her to be getting this kind treatment at their hands. There was no way he could stay silent about it.

“Are all of you planning on throwing a single girl out on her own in this kind of place?!”

“Of course! The demon said he would come back for that woman! If we travel with her, we’ll all be killed by that demon general and his subordinates too, you know?!”

“So? What is she supposed to do for water and provisions on her own!”

“Like I give a shit! That woman could starve to death for all I care!”

After hearing those words, Suimei quietly looked around at all the others.

“…Do you all share that opinion?”

He already knew their answer, but felt compelled to ask anyway. However, all he received for an answer were cold gazes. Suimei clenched his jaw, and then the adventurer from before turned his hateful mouth on him.

“So? How long are you gonna act like a fucking goody two-shoes? Deep down, you also think that woman should just get the hell out of here, right?”

“What?! I’m not―”

“If you keep pretending to be close to her, you’ll lose your chance to get away, you know? Or is that it? Did you get taken in by her sex appeal? Aah, that’s right… She’s quite the looker, huh?”

“Wha―”

“Man, what a nasty woman. Attracting demons and men alike, huh?”

His words were directed at Suimei like an open taunt. Suimei was already at his boiling point, and the tension in the air was just enough to push him over the edge. This man was simply too vulgar, and Suimei didn’t have the patience for it anymore. He could hardly help raising his hand, ready to snap his fingers at the nasty adventurer.

“Oh yeah? What’s with that hand?”

He was too foolish to understand that, in mere moments, his sleazy smile would be blown right off his face. Using his strike magicka, Suimei would mercilessly put an end to that annoying grin. However, before the righteous indignation from Suimei’s anger could take shape, Lefille stopped him.

“Stop, Suimei-kun! What would you accomplish by doing that?! In the end, nothing will change, right?!”

“Tch…”

Suimei came back to his senses with Lefille’s words of restraint. Certainly nothing would change no matter what he did at this point. There was no way to overturn the fact that Lefille would have to leave. If he thought about it calmly, he already knew that much. Weighing the risks and taking into account the safety of the trade corps, having her leave was the only real option. Suimei clicked his tongue at the frustration at the current situation, and Gallio took hold of the conversation again.

“Grakis-san, I will repeat myself once more. I believe you already understand this, but…”

“Yes, I understand. I’ll head in a different direction than the convoy.”

There was nothing else she could do. That much was clear. It was what had to be done to protect the trade corps. As Lefille and Gallio were having this exchange, Suimei glanced at the party of adventurers who had been on good terms with Lefille. The mage girl that she’d had such friendly chats with. The armored warrior who’d proudly boasted of her achievements. They had all covered for her in unison during the battle, but now they were looking away and refusing to stand up for her.

Suimei couldn’t blame them though. They had every right to be afraid of an army of demons. They didn’t know what would happen if they spoke up for Lefille instead of pretending to be strangers. Perhaps they too thought she was responsible for the demons appearing in the first place. They were only looking out for themselves, but Suimei couldn’t call that cowardice after what he’d done to protect himself in the past.

Before long, after negotiations for provisions had been completed, Suimei called out to Lefille.

“Lefille…”

“We only knew each other for a short while, Suimei-kun, but I pray that you are able to reach Nelferia safely.”

Even in this situation, she was able to put on a smile. Looking at that lonely smile, Suimei didn’t even bother asking her if she was truly alright with this. She would surely say that it was fine without batting an eye. And with that, she turned to go. Her figure as she walked away with her conspicuously large sword on her back didn’t have a shred of the confidence she previously gave off. Right now, she just looked like a normal girl to Suimei. That’s why…

“Hey, wait up.”

Yes, that’s why…

“Hey, are you listening?”

This was different from what happened with Reiji and Mizuki. In this situation, if he shut his eyes, he would simply be abandoning this girl to her fate. The last thing he would ever see of her would be her lonely silhouette as she walked away. That was why, before Suimei even knew what he was doing, he’d made up his mind.

“Give me some provisions too.”

“What?”

“I’m going with her. Much obliged for being allowed to come along with you on the journey up to here.”

The adventurer gave Suimei a dumbfounded look from the side, and Gallio let out an exasperated sigh.

“Is this really what you want, Yakagi-dono? If you abandon the request partway, naturally you won’t receive payment for completing the job.”

“I don’t need it. I only need water and food. I would like you to grant me supplies proportional to the work I’ve done up to now.”

“…Understood. Stay safe, Yakagi-dono.”

Gallio replied while with his eyes closed and lightly shaking his head. He knew he wasn’t going to be able to stop Suimei and simply accepted their parting there. Without the ability to foresee and calmly accept such things, he would’ve been out of this line of work long ago.

“Hmmmm? So after all that―”

Just as the nasty adventurer was about to try and get the last word in, he was blown away with a snap. Suimei had no intention of listening to his vulgar yapping anymore. He then turned towards the adventurers who had gotten along with Lefille with a worried face.

“Hey, you guys, are you okay with this…?”

“Yeah. You two take care.”

And with that, Suimei began cramming provisions into his bag.

★

“Suimei was used as a decoy?!”

To confirm whether or not there were any more demons trailing them, Roffrey had gone out on patrol. Immediately following that, what rang out through the otherwise silent environs was Reiji’s pressing and angry voice.

“There is no reason to be worried.”

What followed was a fluent explanation from Gregory that Reiji could hardly believe. As Reiji closed in on the man intent to grab his collar, all manners and courtesy flew out of the window. The approach of the violent storm of a man known as the hero caused Gregory to seize up.

“Is that true?!”

“Y-Yes! Everything is as I have informed you.”

“Wha…?!”

Reiji was at a loss for words at what Gregory had just told him. It was like a joke—one taken way too far. Reiji angrily bit down on his lip, and just as he was about to reach out for Gregory’s collar, Titania, who had been listening absentmindedly up until now as if she were distracted, stopped him.

“P-Please calm down, Reiji-sama!”

“B-But!”
