[Gravity road, take form.]

As the attack rushed towards Suimei, he recited a quick chant. Using magicka, he sent his body—which was still hanging in the air—crashing into the ground instantly. Rajas managed to follow the movement with his eyes and kicked at Suimei.

“―?!”

In the next instant, Suimei was behind Rajas. He’d slipped under his leg as he kicked, and thanks to the cloud of dust it whipped up, it seemed Rajas hadn’t noticed. Suimei wouldn’t have minded seeing the dumb look on his face when he realized he had disappeared. But the next thing Suimei knew, a loud crashing sound resonated through the air as the trees in front of the demon were uprooted from his kick.

Nearly everything Suimei could see was blown away. He really wished the demon would stop leaving everything to sheer strength. And in that brief instant where Rajas had yet to turn around, Suimei backed off. He was casually strutting away, keeping his distance to observe this demon who was like a storm of violence.

Suimei focused his sight on the back of the demon before him. His body was immense. His physique was a far beyond what even the most gifted humans with ideal genes could achieve. He exuded power, and his mana overwhelmed anything they’d seen from the other demons. And eclipsing all of that was his pitch black aura. It was coming out of Rajas’s body, but it was clearly something special. Rajas finally turned around and met Suimei’s gaze. Shaking it off like it was nothing, Suimei continued strutting to the side.

“Tch…”

Rajas let out an aggravated grunt when he saw Suimei toying with him. He followed up with an attack, and Suimei responded in kind.

“Contra caelum et terram.”

[Reversed heaven and earth.]

“Wha?!”

Using magicka, Suimei reversed up and down in the space surrounding him. This flipped Rajas upside down, driving his head into the ground. Of course, this wasn’t enough to hurt him. No, this spell was only meant to buy Suimei some time. And with those precious few seconds, Suimei leaped backwards and began weaving together the magicka he thought would be effective.

“Abreq—Tch!”

However, he was forced to stop his chant partway. As if the earth itself was attacking him, an avalanche of rocks blew up from the ground.

“Hah, mere lumps of dirt…”

Suimei scoffed in a cold voice that made even himself shudder, and swung his arm wildly at the incoming rocks. Coming into contact with the magician who wielded the mysteries of the Kabbalah, they split clean in two, one after the other. When the earth settled down, an oppressive aura filled the air again.

It’s evil down to the core, huh?

Suimei concluded that Rajas was just that sort of creature. The power he wielded could only be described as evil. Its presence was enough to make one nauseous—a power that a human would never be able to wield. It was a power from another plane, from somewhere and someone else. As Suimei came to realize this, he once more stood before Rajas. Suimei had his hand in his pocket. Even though Rajas had just flown into a fit of rage at being trifled with, he now had a calm expression. It seemed the title of general wasn’t just for show; he at least had the composure to remain calm when necessary. Brushing off the dirt he’d collected when he met the ground, Rajas let out a scornful laugh.

“You’re quite good, boy. For a mage, you’ve got some real strength there.”

“Well, thanks.”

“But if you’re only able to put up this much resistance, it isn’t much of a fight.”

“Resistance, huh? From where I’m standing, it just looks like you haven’t been able to hit me. What’cha got to say ’bout that?”

“Hmph, shut it. You have no room to talk when you can’t muster enough power to even scratch me.”

Rajas shot down Suimei’s provocation with a laugh. It seemed that Rajas wasn’t going to be goaded by such a simple taunt. Lefille finally collected herself and took her place next to Suimei.

“Suimei-kun, be careful! This is only a fraction of his true power!”

“Aah, you’re saying he’s still not serious? Honestly, gimme a break…”

Suimei let out a deep sigh that seemed completely inappropriate for the situation. Really, he let his inner thoughts slip out. Seeing that Rajas was still perfectly composed, if what Lefille said was true, Suimei estimated that it was possible Rajas wasn’t even using half of his true power.

“If he wanted to, this entire area would be easily…!”

“Hey, what? He’s that dangerous?”

“That’s right. Your exchange of blows just now was nothing but him playing around. Don’t let your guard down.”

Suimei could see Lefille’s hands tremble as she gripped her sword. She seemed to be remembering something unpleasant.

“Heh, that’s how it is. A mere human mage shouldn’t get so cocky…”

“Tch!”

Rajas’s hideous aura suddenly swelled and cast a dark tension over the area. Lefille braced herself, and the anxiety showed on her face. If Rajas’s power was truly much more than this, it would certainly be bad for things to continue this way. Suimei had to defeat him before it was too late. And so…

“Archiatius over―”

When Suimei began his chant, the situation was turned on its head. Just as he thought Rajas was about to charge at them, he suddenly began laughing at Lefille.

“Heh heh heh…”

“What’s so funny?!”

“I just thought of something quite amusing.”

“Amusing, you say?”

Instead of a reply, Rajas flew up into the sky.

“I will take my leave for now.”

“Wha―?!”

“But remember, woman from Noshias, that damnable power you hold isn’t something we’ll just overlook. I’m going to gather my subordinates here in this land, but I’ll be back for you.”

“Your subordinates? Then…”

“This was but a single part of my forces. Compared to my entire army, it was nothing. This you should already know.”

Lefille was left speechless as Rajas continued.

“And you should give up any hope of making it out alive again. My soldiers are spread all throughout this area, and any humans we come across are cut down without mercy. To send a message, you know.”

With those final words, Rajas turned his back to them and retreated with the remaining demons. Lefille made to chase after them, but…

“W-Wait!”

“Lefille.”

“―?!”

Suimei grabbed her shoulder. It was no use. Her eyes pleaded with him as if to ask why he’d stopped her, but he simply shook his head. When she realized the futility of it all for herself, the tension drained from her body.

“You okay?”

“Yeah. Sorry… I lost my composure quite a bit there.”

Lefille hung her head in shame as she replied.

★

Things calmed down a bit after the demons left, but Suimei’s next task was already waiting for him. He was to use magicka to heal those who were injured in the fighting. On paper at least, that was the reason he was part of this trade corps. There happened to be other mages who were able to use healing type magicka, so the work was finished unexpectedly quickly.

“Phew. That should be it for now.”

Suimei let out a small sigh as he finished treating the last person. Since he wasn’t a specialist when it came to healing, he was a little worried that his treatment was somewhat lacking, but seeing as no complications arose, his self-evaluation was a little modest. Taking a look at the people he’d treated, it seemed none of them were any worse for wear because of his care.

It’s getting awfully noisy over there.

But some distance away, Suimei could hear a loud voice. The source of it was clearly the other escorts and merchants, but he didn’t know what they were yelling about. Perhaps it was about what to do next. According to Rajas, his subordinates were already crawling in the area and would be gathering soon. The trade corps didn’t have any time to rest if they were going to get out of here safely. Surely they would want to leave as soon as possible.

If they were raising a fuss over preparations, it was possible there was some sort of trouble preventing their departure. Suimei decided to see for himself what was going on, and headed towards all the yelling. What greeted him when he arrived was an extremely tense atmosphere. Just what had happened that caused things to escalate so much? Wondering that as he got closer, he could see the escorts and merchants all surrounding somebody.

The one at the center of the circle was none other than the girl who’d fought bravely for their safety, Lefille. Normally, these people should all be thanking her for basically single-handedly defeating the demons. However, judging from the tension in the air, they hadn’t surrounded her to shower her with praise. And then, as if she was tired of it all, Lefille spoke out.

“What did you all call me here for? Is there something wrong? I believe there are more important things to be doing at a time like this, don’t you agree?”

As she attempted to push everyone away from her with those words and her expression, one of the adventurers stepped forward.

“Things to do, you say? Just what is it you think we should be doing?”

“Obviously we should be heading to a safe location immediately. If we don’t hurry, the demons will attack us again.”

“Attack us, huh?”

The adventurer’s words were filled with sarcasm, and Lefille replied to him in a strong tone.

“What? Do you have something you want to say? If you do, just spit it out―”

“Yeah, I do. The reason we were attacked is because you were here, right, miss survivor from Noshias?”

“―!”

“Tch, and you’re telling us to hurry… How shameless. This is all your damn fault! That we were just attacked, and that we could be attacked again at any minute!”

The adventurer was yelling, attacking Lefille viciously with his words. Compared to before, Lefille’s behavior became much more timid.

“C-Certainly that demon intended to kill me, but the fact that we were attacked…”

“Isn’t because of you? Can you really say that?”

“…”

Lefille was unable to respond to the adventurer’s accusation. The demon Rajas had targeted Lefille, only after she came at him. That meant the reason for the demons appearing here in the first place still wasn’t clear. In that light, what the adventurer was accusing her of didn’t seem to be right. But at the same time, Lefille couldn’t say for sure that it was totally wrong. So in the end, she didn’t argue.

“That demon was chasing after you, right? He brought his army along just to take you out.”

“Th-That’s…”

“What? That’s what? If you have something to say, just try it. If you can, that is.”

Lefille was no longer able to say anything back to the adventurer pushing her into a corner, and hung her head in silence.

“Can I say something?”
