Reiji slowly nodded. He came to realize that that was why she was so capable in a fight. Even in all their skirmishes with monsters up to this point, Titania had been quick on the draw. He had his doubts about a mage that was able to fight so hard, but he came to accept her explanation. Reiji turned to take a quick look at Mizuki. Somehow, she seemed far more frail. It was probably because her insecurity was showing on her face. She felt her friends with power were leaving her behind, but there was no helping that. Realizing how she must be feeling, Titania put on a smile and turned towards her as well.

“Mizuki, there is no need to pay it any mind. At first I was the same— no, in my case, I was far worse.”

“…Really?”

“Yes. Until I fully adjusted to combat, I think I felt much the same way you do now. After my first fight, I dropped the sword in my hand and fell straight to my knees.”

“Even though you fight so calmly?”

“It is precisely because I have that kind of experience that I can do that now. For the sake of protecting everyone, I had to get stronger. Be confident in yourself, Mizuki. Things have only just begun. Let us go forth one step at a time.”

“…Yeah. Thanks, Tia.”

With Titania’s encouragement, Mizuki gave a confident nod. It seemed her anxieties were a thing of the past now. Reiji was standing to the side, smiling to see the two of them get along so well. If this was how things were going to be, he thought he could do it. He’d been torturing himself of the choices he’d made just moments ago, but after seeing these two girls show such courage, he was convinced that he’d made the right decision after all. Even though the mood had improved enough for Mizuki to finally relax, she suddenly frowned.

“I wonder if Suimei-kun is alright…”

“Suimei? If I remember correctly, he said he was going to leave the castle, but…”

“Yeah, he wanted to leave the city… Right outside of it should be safe, but the highway and its surroundings can be quite dangerous. If he heads for another town and runs into monsters, let alone these demons…”

“You’re right. Since he didn’t want to take part in the subjugation, I never dreamed he would leave the city on his own. But if he were to leave the city walls and have an encounter with a monster… With no combat training, Suimei would probably be helpless…”

It was just as Titania hypothesized. Suimei hadn’t received any divine protection from the hero summoning. Reiji understood why the girls would be worried, but he didn’t agree with them.

“No, if it’s Suimei we’re talking about, I’m sure he’ll be alright.”

“Truly…? What makes you say that, Reiji-sama?”

“Mark my words. Suimei knows his way around a sword, after all. Even if something attacks him, he should be able to handle it skillfully.”

“Wha—Suimei knows swordsmanship?!”

As Reiji nodded to confirm, the two girls exchanged glances. Contrary to Reiji’s expectations, Mizuki didn’t seem to know about this either. When Titania looked at her, she shook her head in return. Mizuki then furrowed her brow and turned to Reiji.

“But Reiji-kun, Suimei-kun wasn’t part of the kendo club or anything… He traveled abroad a lot so he said being part of a club would be impossible, right?”

“Suimei didn’t train with the club at school. He went to a dojo in his neighborhood.”

“Was… Was there even a kendo dojo in his neighborhood?”

“Yeah, the one that teaches self-defense.”

While Mizuki was trying to recall the layout of Suimei’s neighborhood, Reiji tried to jog her memory. When she seemed to recall the place he was talking about, she cocked her head to the side.

“That place? The one which teaches women’s self-defense classes? It’s certainly famous in the neighborhood, but it isn’t a kendo dojo right?”

“Well, yeah, the self-defense stuff is all they advertise. But originally it was a dojo for ancient martial arts. Apparently they teach all sorts of things to certain students.”

“Really?! It was that kinda place?!”

“Yeah. That’s what Suimei said.”

“You’re kidding… Even though I’ve been there with the girls from class… On top of that, ancient martial arts…”

Mizuki was greatly surprised by this news. Perhaps it was even more surprising because she had attended the very dojo in question herself before. That seemed to satisfy her for the moment, but Titania still had questions.

“So from what I’m gathering, Suimei attended a martial arts school?”

“Just what was typical for our world. It doesn’t compare to the martial arts people do here. But yeah, Suimei is a swordsman.”

“Is that so? At a glance, he seemed like the type who knew nothing of the sort.”

“Yeah, you’d never guess it looking at him, but he’s actually pretty skilled. From what I hear, anyway.”

“Truly?”

“Like I said, just by the standards of our world…”

“My goodness, to think I would misread someone like that…”

“What’s that?”

“O-Oh, nothing. Ohohohohoho…”

Titania forced an unnatural laugh like she was trying to hide something. Reiji had no clue what she was thinking. While he was looking at her curiously, Titania suddenly put on a serious expression.

“H-However, Reiji-sama, even if that is the case, I do not think that’s sufficient cause to assume he has the ability to escape trouble.”

“That’s true, but―”

It was just as Titania said. Reiji knew well enough that there was no real connection between just knowing how to use a sword and staying safe. It was also true that Suimei had no experience fighting monsters. But even then, Reiji wasn’t convinced that Suimei would be in any real danger.

“Suimei… Despite his appearance, he’s quite cunning. Once in a while, he’ll do something thoughtless that defies all logic, but he’s fundamentally a cautious person.”

“Even if he encountered a monster, you think he would stay composed? It is often said that just one leer from a monster is enough to freeze most people in place.”

“Yeah. And I know it sounds crazy, but I think Suimei would probably take it in stride.”

“Is that so…?”

Titania didn’t seem convinced as she scrunched up her face in skepticism. It was likely just emblematic of how familiar the people of this world were with danger. Reiji, however, knew that Suimei had an unexpected personality fairly devoid of cowardice. In the past, when they had been surrounded by delinquents or gangsters, he only ever said things like, “That’s all you’ve got?” He was practically fearless. Even when fighting, he never failed to have the same bored expression on his face.

“Well, that’s why I’m not particularly worried.”

“If you say so, Reiji-sama…”

Titania gave up on arguing and decided to believe in what Reiji was saying. As the conversation wound down, Mizuki suddenly thought of something and turned towards him.

“Hey, Reiji-kun, does Suimei-kun say things like ‘I am a something-orother style swordsman, Yakagi Suimei?’ Can he use some amazing kenjutsu or something?”

“Huh? No matter how you look at it, that’s a little… Wait, Mizuki…!”

“Awwww, what the heck? Suimei-kun is totally chuunibyou, isn’t he?! Hiding his true identity and going to some ancient martial arts school, that’s just… It’s unfair! Unfair, unfair, unfair! Super unfair!”

“Ahaha…”

Now that she was starting to get angry, Mizuki couldn’t even hear Reiji. She seemed far more upset that Suimei knew an ancient martial art than the fact that he’d hidden it.

“But it’s not like Suimei ever said chuuni stuff like you did. I don’t think you can really call him a chuunibyou… Oops.”

Reiji stopped himself as he realized he had just spoken the taboo word. It was too late to turn back. As he turned slowly towards Mizuki, she was staring him down with a strange smile on her face.

“Oh, Reiji-kuuun…”

“S-S-Sorry! I just…!”

“You promised! You’re not allowed to forget! Absolutely! It’s A-B-S-OL-U-T-E!”

“R-Right!”

Reiji had promised to never speak of Mizuki’s sealed past. It was her secret garden, though Reiji didn’t actually know what she meant when she said that. Titania then cutely put her finger on her mouth and tilted her head to the side.

“Mizuki, what is this ‘chuunibyou?’”

“Huh?! Um, that’s…”

“What is it? Could it be that it’s some kind of horrible illness?”

“Uhhhhh, yeah! Yes! That’s right! Chuunibyou is a sickness from our world that infects the majority of children in their early teens. Even if they are cured afterwards, there are dreadful after-effects that scar them for life! It’s a truly terrible disease!”

Mizuki stammered through a reply to Titania’s question. While waving both of her hands in front of her wildly, she tried her best to fib her way out of this. It was painfully obvious that her flustered actions were intended to misdirect Titania. In a way, she was getting her just deserts. But nevertheless, it seemed Titania would let it go. Her expression then turned grim.

“Setting that aside, about the demons just now…”

“Y-Yeah… Now that you mention it, why did they appear in a place like this?”

“The demons, huh?”

“Yes…”

Titania nodded. Just like Mizuki had guessed, the sudden attack from the demons was what was on her mind. Recalling the fight they’d just had, Mizuki started to look anxious again. Reiji then stated his own opinion on the matter.

“The demons are pushing into the Nelferian Empire… Is that a possibility?”

“I-Is that what it is…?”

“I think so. If you think about it, it’s the most likely scenario. If the demons are out here, that’s the only real possibility, isn’t it?”

As Reiji explained his theory, Mizuki’s expression reflexively stiffened up. She still wasn’t accustomed to battle, yet they were thrust into a situation where another battle with demons was very likely on the horizon. On top of that, the demons were extremely powerful. If they were just monsters, the magic that Mizuki had used earlier would have been enough to defeat them. And there were even stronger demons that could survive her fire unharmed. The very last of the demons they’d defeated today had demonstrated that. However, Titania raised an objection to Reiji’s conjecture.

“No, I do not believe that is yet the case.”

“Why’s that, Tia?”

“Well, as you said, Reiji-sama, this is the Empire’s territory. If there are demons appearing here, then it’s only rational to assume they’ve begun their invasion here. But in reality, after the demons took down Noshias, they have yet to make any large movements. To get this far, there are still two countries and a mountain range to pass through. And if they took the long way around, they would have to pass through the Saadias Alliance to reach this point. No matter how you look at it, that sort of reckless forced march is simply out of the question even for the demons.”

“That’s true… Even if they forcefully marched this far, it would only isolate their troops, right?”

“Exactly. To have their army advance this far without first bringing down the two countries in between would have no real advantage for the demons.”
