“Bastard, who are you?”

He flipped open his coat as he landed with a thud.

Right before Lefille’s eyes was certainly someone that she recognized. It was a young man in dark clothes she’d never seen before.

★

The reason Suimei wasn’t also blinded by the brilliant, scorching white light was because he was prepared. He’d known exactly what was going to happen and closed his eyes.

And the moment the light vanished, quietly and quickly, he threw open his eyelids. And then, seeing the disastrous scene before him, somewhere between exasperated and fed up, he let his anger seethe.

Man, even here there are real villains, huh? Laughing at those living nobly and calling them foolish, trampling on the already downtrodden, casting the miserable into further depths of grief and despair… There are shameless assholes who really think that’s okay.

There were people who tried to live righteously, and there were those that tried to tear them down in the name of pride. They had no idea what it meant to be selfless or work hard for others. To Suimei, those people could never be forgiven. Stealing away that modest hope called happiness was pure evil. And these beings were the incarnation of that.

As the remnants of the lightning crackled in the air, Suimei briskly walked over to the girl. Incessant tears streamed from her lightless eyes. It was like a fountain of emotion, and he tried to stem their tide with his finger. This time for sure. Tears begone, just this time, begone. Her eyes were red and swollen. Her body was beaten like a rag. It was painful to even look at, so he could only imagine how much she was hurting. And quietly, he apologized for being late.

“Ah…”

A fragile voice leaked out from within her heart that had yet to recover. Fleeting like a sigh, it was none other than the dim, dim flicker right before her heart crumbled.

This was a girl who’d been struggling under the weight of grief, always blaming herself. This was a girl who’d never been able to forgive herself. Why was it that someone like her had to go through this kind of suffering? She’d lived more honorably than anyone else, stayed true to her ideals more than anyone else. So why was she forced to walk this road with no salvation at the end? Why was it that the world continued to push her down further into the depths of misfortune?

“Aah…”

Those under the weight of tears, remember. In this world, there is no rain of sorrow that cannot be cleared away.

Those who carry anguish, remember. In this world, there is no blaze of pain that cannot be extinguished.

Those intoxicated with villainy, do not forget. In this world, there is not a single speck of land for scum like you.

“Bastard, who are you?”

“Magician Yakagi Suimei.”

Right here, right now, as a modern magician, Suimei would definitively prove that.

★

A gust of wind swept through the area. Was it called by the quiet voice of the young man beside her, or was his voice itself the gust of wind? Within the heated air, that voice accompanied by a clear wind shook her, but in a different way than Rajas’s had.

“A mag… ician, you say?”

Rajas was scowling with a sharp expression as he repeated Suimei’s words. Because he was wearing different clothes from before, it seemed Rajas didn’t recognize him, but he seemed to recall eventually as a look of understanding came over his face.

“I see… You’re that bastard mage boy who got in my way last time, aren’t you?”

In response, Suimei stood back up while remaining silent, and directed a harsh gaze his way. Seeing him like that, Rajas sneered as if admiring him.

“You have some nerve to struggle all the way here as a mere mage. There were quite a few of my subordinates around, right? Hmm?”

“Yeah, pointlessly many. You’ve got some nerve to gather such filth. I don’t even know how many times I felt like puking.”

“When someone in such shabby shape after wading through such filth says so, it’s nearly believable! HAHAHAHAHA!”

Rajas laughed out as he ridiculed him sarcastically. Certainly, Suimei was visibly worse for wear. There weren’t any serious wounds that were obvious, but his black clothes were battered and frayed, and based on the reserved way he was behaving, he already seemed to be plenty drained. His breathing was ragged, he lacked energy, and there was a shallow cut across his face. As expected, the path he must have taken to get here was a difficult one.

Judging the compromised state Suimei was in, Rajas was still smirking after laughing at him. He then questioned Suimei in the same irritating tone as always.

“So, bastard, how did you get all the way here? With their numbers, did the demons chase you here?”

“All I did was brush aside anyone who stood in my way.”

“Oh? You’d dare risk such foolish prattle in your condition?”

Rajas laughed once more. Did he only see Suimei’s declaration as an injured man’s bravado? Certainly, Suimei making such a claim in his current predicament seemed like nothing more than a bluff.

“Then let me ask you this: what drove you to come here that you would put yourself in that state?”

“I don’t think that’s something you really need to ask at this point, is it?”

“Impossible. Are you saying that you came to save that woman?”

“What makes that impossible?”

Suimei returned Rajas’s question. He had indeed come all this way to save her. He came all this way to be her strength. Even though she’d brushed away the hand he held out for her. Even though nothing said he had to be here. Even though nothing more could be done. Suimei stood there resolute and dignified. After missing a beat, Rajas let out a remarkably loud laugh.

“BAH! BWAHAHAHAHA! I seriously didn’t think you could be so dumb! Are you really saying you’ve come to save this woman?! Have you lost your damned mind?!”

It was just as Rajas said. Suimei was out of his mind. He’d walked through an army of demons without a care for his own life. He was virtually marching towards certain death. Just what would come of him showing up here? There was just desolation and grief here. Even though he’d shown up, this was a battlefield. A killing field. A place people came to die. And yet…

“What, are you suggesting a woman like this is worth saving? This woman who ran for dear life and can protect nothing? This miserable, worthless woman?”

“Yeah.”

Just what was he thinking as he closed his eyes and nodded? It was foolish, and rightfully so, his heart acknowledged that he was a fool. Seeing this, Rajas once more spoke up.

“Hmph. What would make you go so damn far? You didn’t have to suffer for her. You could have just looked the other way. Saved yourself and abandoned her.”

“That won’t do, you see. If I’d done that, I wouldn’t be able to save her.”

“Wuh―?!”

Rajas knit his brow at that most unexpected answer. And immediately following that, as if Suimei was throwing down the gauntlet…

“Those who grieve from misfortune, those who cannot be saved… I walk the path to save them. And there’s no way I’d abandon that. That’s why…”

That’s why I came here like this.

Suimei made his declaration in a solemn voice. That he was going to save her and fight him. Spinning his words with determination, Rajas seemed to be taken aback momentarily, but he recovered himself before long, and after a short pause, he opened his mouth as if remembering something.

“Pfft―”

His answer to Suimei’s determination was a tremendous laugh.

“HAHAHAHAHA! Ridiculous! That’s why?! You clawed your way through my subordinates to march yourself right up to the chopping block for that?! And what’s this nonsense about saving those that can’t be saved?! You ran all the way here on such idiocy?! Come now, even fools have their limits! BWAHAHAHAHA! To think such a laughable―”

“So what?”

“―?!”

What stopped Rajas in his tracks was the cold voice that Suimei let out. A wind that was far colder than the gales of the far north stopped every heart present, freezing everyone’s breath—even Rajas’s hideous laughter— in an instant.

A terrifying chill filled the area. It was not a physical cold. No, it pierced far deeper than that. It was a chill that threatened to freeze your very soul. Even the ground that had been scorched by Rajas’s power appeared to be frosting over. As for Suimei, who was the cause of all this, he was staring fixedly at the demon general that was still sneering at his determination with unshaken, steely eyes.

“Stop looking at me like that immediately, boy. I don’t like it.”

“Do you think I’ll stop just ’cause you asked?”

“Then I’ll just make you stop by force!”

Rajas unleashed an ear-splitting roar that felt like it shook everything in the area. The shock wave of it sent dust, sand, and pebbles flying, and what came rushing at Suimei in the middle of all of it was an arm the size of an evergreen tree. Standing his ground against the attack that threatened to reduce him to nothing more than roadkill, he recited a signature chant that couldn’t be heard anywhere else.

“Moenia, quinquepartita expansio!”

[Rampart, fivefold expansion!]

Five shining, golden magic circles appeared in front of his hand as if taking shape from something else in the form of a shield. And when they aligned, Suimei had his golden defenses. Rajas’s dark aura crashed right into, sending brilliant sparks scattering violently. But before long, perhaps because it was unable to endure the attack, or perhaps that was its intended purpose all along, the second magic circle burst away, and the third quickly followed.

“OOOOOOOOH!”

“AAAAAAAAH!”

The remarkable fist that was trying to dig through Suimei’s magic circles, and the mana throwing golden, glowing particles into the air. The broken earth that was unable to withstand it, and the shock wave being emitted. All that eventually gave birth to a tornado-like current that demonstrated the dreadfulness of the collision. As both of their war cries mingled together in the whipping winds, Suimei’s fourth magic circle began spinning. And immediately following that…

“NUU―?!”

The enormous power that was supposed to be pushing against Suimei was turned inside out in an instant. With a bellowing cry, Rajas’s massive body gouged the earth as he was sent flying backward into it, skidding all the way over a ledge in the distance.

“Tch, even with the interference of the dampening rampart, he got blown away with that much force…? That damn muscle freak…”

While rolling his shoulders, Suimei spat out an insult over the horizon where Rajas had disappeared. As expected, he was exhausted. Considering the number of enemies he’d had to fight to get here, that much was unavoidable. But then he turned to Lefille.

“Stand up, Lefille. We’re gonna beat that guy.”

He chose his words carefully as he spoke to her. They’d fight together. Struggle together. It was as though he was asking her to cooperate―no, it was as though he was encouraging her. Earnestly, and sincerely. And to show it, he looked right at her with his straightforward and dazzling eyes, alive with an odd scarlet light. It was like the passion in them was burning like molten iron. His eyes were hot. They were the eyes of a man that would never forget his convictions.

But the answer he wanted wasn’t something Lefille could give anymore. All her hope had been smashed to pieces by Rajas earlier.

“It’s impossible.”

Hanging her head down, she could only give up.

“Huh…?”

“It’s impossible. We can’t beat him. You or me. It’s our fate to be killed by him here.”

“Hey… What’s wrong, Lefille?”

Even hearing that she had given up, Suimei only questioned her in bewilderment. He’d never doubted that she would join forces with him here. That they would fight together. That the two of them could defeat Rajas. But Lefille was now saying there was nothing they could do.

“We can’t win against Rajas. That demon is too strong. Even if we joined forces here, we can’t win.”

“You never know until you try, right?”

“No, I can tell. He’s strong. The soldiers of Noshias—men and women known throughout the world for their power—all fell before his power. There’s no way that just the two of us can take him. And now that it’s come to this, it’s fated both you and I will die at his hands.”

That was it. Their destinies had already been decided. Her prophecy of doom must have sounded like nothing but faintheartedness to him. But it was the truth. No matter how strongly they felt, no matter how brave they were, before such overwhelming strength, the endless dream would come for them.

Faced with her weakness, Suimei slumped his shoulders and closed his eyes. Was he discouraged? She couldn’t see his expression with his head hung, but she assumed so.
