Chapter 1: Don't Forget the Promise Made at the Adventurer's Guild

Chapter 1: Don’t Forget the Promise Made at the Adventurer’s Guild

Not long before Suimei met Lefille, he was standing on the main street of the royal capital of Metel. For the purpose of returning to his own world, he had departed from the Kingdom of Astel’s Royal Castle Camellia and entered the city. The first thing he’d done was head straight for a clothing store. He purchased clothes for the purpose of walking around town without drawing too much attention, and was now much more relaxed.

“Alright, no matter how you look at me now, I’m just a completely normal citizen.”

After confirming that he blended perfectly in with the people around him, Suimei let out a sigh of relief. It had been quite uncomfortable to walk around in his school uniform in the middle of a town that looked like it had come straight out of medieval Europe. People all stared as he passed by, and their gazes had been what sent Suimei immediately to a clothier. He had originally intended to sell his schoolbooks first, but he changed his plans and instead used the money he’d received from Prime Minister Gless to pay for his new outfit.

Suimei used the other young people walking around town as a reference and bought something to match what they were wearing. They were normal clothes, certainly, but they weren’t very comfortable to wear. That was a palpable downside from modern clothing, but Suimei had to suffer it for the sake of blending in.

“So, next is the Adventurer’s Guild…”

As Suimei adjusted the sleeves on his new outfit, he began heading towards his next destination—the Adventurer’s Guild. His goal now that he’d taken care of his clothing was to obtain identification papers. He was glad to have left the castle and set out on his own, but in his current situation, he was no different than a vagrant. Staying that way would pose difficulty after difficulty in his travels.

Much like the modern world, even this fantasy world had its own concept of identity. However, unlike the modern world, people could only judge one another on the basis of identification papers and outer appearance. A lack of proper proof of who you were—namely, the identification papers—was a far more lethal mistake here than in modern society.

Since Suimei was still in the planning phase of leaving Astel, papers weren’t something he necessarily needed right away. That being said, he also knew that if he could find a way to obtain them, he should go ahead and do it. According to the books from Camellia’s library, unlike other guilds, it seemed that the Adventurer’s Guild allowed anybody to register.

The other guilds, such as the Merchant’s Guild and the Craftsman’s Guild, generally required prior experience and a referral to join. The Adventurer’s Guild had no such prerequisites. All that it took to join was the clothing on your back, although not literally. Basically, as long as they had the ability to do the work, anybody could join.

However, to prevent it from becoming a job with no guarantees, if a member wasn’t trusted, they would only be assigned menial work. Since most of the jobs that came through the guild were the dangerous sort, it was only obvious that normal people had no business joining up. Suimei had had the option of going to the Mage’s Guild instead, but they were drafted for military purposes in the event of national emergencies. And that wasn’t something Suimei wanted to be involved with. The obvious choice, then, seemed to be joining the Adventurer’s Guild in order to get his papers.

I ended up following the standard route in the end, huh?

Suimei was absentmindedly thinking of such things as he walked down the street, eventually arriving at what seemed to be the Adventurer’s Guild. In front of him was a building that, much like the other buildings in the area, was two stories tall and made mostly of wood. On the front of the building was a large placard with the words “Twilight Pavilion” written on it, hung above the door like some sort of restaurant or bar. In front of the door stood two guards in plate mail. The construction of the building didn’t differ greatly from the others in the area, but it was far, far larger.

This city from another world was surrounded by a twenty meter high wall to defend against invading monsters and foreign aggressors. Because of the wall, the size of the city itself was restricted. In order to make things work, buildings were quite depressingly crammed together and each building barely had enough land to stand on. Seeing the amount of space granted to the Adventurer’s Guild, one got a sense of just how important it was to the country.

While looking at his surroundings, Suimei could see that—unlike the other neighborhoods he had been walking through—this part of town was marked by rather dangerous-looking folk here and there. They were just like characters out of games or anime. There was everything from armored men dressed like warriors to slender mages wearing robes much like Felmenia’s. There were even men carrying swords as large as claymores. In modern Japan, every single one of these people would have been arrested for violating sword and firearm control laws. But here, apparently, this was all quite normal. These weapons were merely tools of the trade.

Suimei found this all a little comforting. Just being here, he could savor a slight tingle of excitement in the air. And to get that just standing in the middle of town was impressive. After observing all these people and his surroundings a bit, Suimei headed for the door to the Twilight Pavilion. The two guards standing on either side of it said not a single word to stop him as he approached, so he felt he must have made it to the right place. One of the guards then gave Suimei a nod and raised his hand to invite him in. Taking them up on it, Suimei opened the door and headed inside.

This establishment, which was the sort frequently talked about in fantasy worlds, had a layout that suggested it had formerly been a tavern. In addition to what looked like a medieval-themed bar, there were also counters to purchase general goods and assembly areas. It seemed perhaps the tavern had become the Adventurer’s Guild over time. Pondering that possibility, Suimei headed further into the building. The Twilight Pavilion was extremely close to what he’d imagined it would be.

In the front, there was a reception desk where clients seemed to be consulting with the guild staff, along with a bench for people to sit on while waiting. Off to the side were what appeared to be informational pamphlets, as well as a bulletin board with requests pasted all over it. The rest of the large hall did indeed look much like a tavern. There were tall, circular tables and lower, long ones for larger groups. In the far corner was a mountain of oak barrels. Despite it being quite early in the day, more of the dangerous-looking types like he’d seen outside were noisily guzzling down what appeared to be beer and wine.

It’s still the middle of the day and they’re all getting drunk. It’s not even like there’s some sort of event going on.

Suimei stared on in either shock or admiration, or perhaps a mix of both. He then took a more detailed survey of the place as he walked around the room. When he arrived at the long bench before the reception desk, he spotted instructions along with writing materials on a table. Suimei had a quick read, then followed the instructions and headed towards the end of the queue. That was where he met the crimson-haired girl, Lefille Grakis.

★

When Suimei gave his name at her request, she quickly bowed her head in response.

“I see. Suimei-kun, right? Sorry for imposing and getting you mixed up in my incomprehensible revelation.”

“No, I don’t really mind. Are such revelations something people often get from the Church of Salvation?”

“They are. I go to church quite a lot, and I receive one from time to time. I’m usually left to interpret how to act on them myself, so it’s rare for the oracle to be this definitive and concrete about something. I wonder what the deal is with that…”

“Hmm…”

As Lefille sighed about her ordeal, Suimei mumbled a bit in what was neither admiration nor indifference. He recalled that the church’s oracle had been the one to implore the country to take action against the Demon Lord. But apparently individual people received such revelations as well. Suimei couldn’t tell whether such scattered guidance was simply the whims of a god or the hobby of this so-called oracle. When he thought about it, as long as the oracle wasn’t an outright scam set up by the clergy, it was entirely possible that they were receiving some sort of insight from a paranormal existence using spiritualism as a foundation, or perhaps it was closer to divination or fortune telling.

“But there’s no way to tell what will come of such a revelation, right?”

“That’s quite true. It bothers me that I honestly have no idea what the Goddess is thinking.”

“Isn’t that a little risky to say?”

“That thickheaded bishop isn’t here. Also, the Goddess would surely forgive such a small―”

“Next in line, please!”

In the middle of Suimei and Lefille’s conversation, someone called out from the reception desk. When they both glanced around, the person who had been on the other side of Lefille was now gone. It was rather obvious who the next person in line was.

“It seems it’s my turn.”

“Looks like it. Take care.”

“Same to you. I hope that your commission gets resolved quickly.”

When Suimei bid her farewell, she returned his kindness as she walked towards the reception desk.

“…?”

Suimei wondered exactly why she would say such a thing. After a small conversation with the receptionist, Lefille began filling out some paperwork and then was led through a door further into the building. He could imagine she was going for an interview of some kind. The receptionist then called out for the next person in line again, which was Suimei, so he stood up and approached the counter.

“Welcome to the Adventurer’s Guild Metel branch, the Twilight Pavilion… Um, is this your first time here?”

“You can tell?”

“I saw you walking around earlier and getting a good look at everything. Everyone acts like that their first time here. So, what is the nature of your request today?”

“No, I would like to register please.”

When Suimei said that, the receptionist looked like she’d misheard him.

“…What?”

“Sorry. I would like to register as a guild member, please.”

“U-Um, could you please repeat that one more time?”

“Like I have been saying, I would like to register as a guild member, please.”

Was she really that hard of hearing? Even after Suimei repeated the same phrase three times, the receptionist looked confounded. She began to rub her brow, and after a short while, let out a grand sigh as she began speaking in a polite yet irritated tone.

“Listen… I’m sorry, but are you aware of where you are? This is the Twilight Pavilion of the Adventurer’s Guild.”

“I’m aware. Is there something strange?”

“Um, everything is strange, isn’t it?”

“…?”

Suimei could feel a cold breeze blow as a frosty change came over the previously approachable and polite receptionist. He had no idea what was going on. As if to shut Suimei down completely, she even threw in a warning.

“If you’re screwing around, I would like to ask you that you put a swift end to it. I don’t have so much free time that I can afford to stand here bantering and listening to your jokes.”

She had suddenly gotten angry. Why? It was strange. According to what Suimei knew from the novels he borrowed from Mizuki, registering at a guild was supposed to be a quick and easy affair, and he should be able to go about his business immediately afterward. Certainly things never went as smoothly as they did in fiction, but he’d just seen Lefille go through the registration process without any issue. What was so different in his case? While Suimei was trying to figure out what he must have done wrong to irritate the receptionist like this, he noticed the presence of someone approaching him from behind.

“Hey, kid.”

“…?”

Whoever it was addressed him in a bold, angry voice. When Suimei turned around, he was met with the sight of a large man, easily ten to twenty centimeters taller than he was. He distinctly looked like a warrior, and wasted no time laying into Suimei.

“Yeah, you. You just said you wanted to register, right?”

“Y-Yeah. I did…”

“Thought so. If you admit it was a joke and knock it off right now, I’ll let you off. So get out of my sight and go home.”

It was another warning, or rather, a final warning. The veins on the man’s forehead were protruding visibly as he vented his anger at Suimei. Poor Suimei, however, still didn’t understand what the problem was, and there was no way he could leave like this. Registering at the guild was his first real step into this world. It was something he had to do no matter what. And to that end, Suimei took an amicable attitude with the man before him rather than doing anything to further stoke his ire.

“No, I really do want to register, just like the girl who was in line before me did.”

“Are you seriously saying that, you little punk? You think you and that spindly little body can do the same work we do, huh?”

“Yes.”

He thought that much was clear. If Suimei did not have at least that much confidence in himself, he wouldn’t have come here in the first place. This would be an entirely different matter if he were joking around like these people were suggesting, but that wasn’t the case. It had to be said that Suimei appeared to be slight even compared to the other mages present, but it shouldn’t matter that he was thin. What this man was saying still didn’t add up to him. But it seemed he’d chosen the wrong answer in responding to this man. He only irritated him further, and his anger poured out of his mouth even more forcefully than before.

“Hmph, don’t screw around and bark out such stupid shit, you brat! This is a place where warriors and mages gather! It ain’t a daycare for punks and brats like you who know nothing of fighting!”

“Hmm? Even I have experience fighting…”

Suimei was deep in thought. As he tried to defend himself, he finally realized what was wrong. He honed in on what the man had said about warriors and mages. It was certainly true this was the kind of place where such people gathered. That’s exactly why Suimei had come. The problem lay in just how these people judged those who fit into those two categories. That was the important point that he had overlooked.

“Warrior and mages, you said? I’m also… Aha!”

As he repeated the words that came out from the man’s mouth, Suimei finally stumbled upon the heart of the matter. Just earlier that day, he had bought brand new clothes to blend in as a perfectly normal citizen. He was dressed like an average person who enjoyed their peaceful life within the city walls. In other words, he certainly didn’t look like a warrior or mage.

Imagining what he would think if he saw someone dressed like this waltz into the guild and ask to register, these people’s reaction to him was quite reasonable. This was another world. Unlike where Suimei was from, the people here could only judge others by their external appearance. He’d completely forgotten that, and come here dressed inappropriately because of it.

“Damn it, it’s the clothes… I completely got carried away with the clothes I bought…”

It was far too late for Suimei to backtrack now. Thanks to his oversight, he was faced with the hostile gaze of the man in front of him, and the relentless, pitiless eyes of the surrounding crowd.

★

Currently, Yakagi Suimei’s situation could be explained in a single phrase: “not very good.” The previously cheerful receptionist was now scowling at him in annoyance. The man before him was practically shaking he was so angry. And even the surrounding crowd—guild members, by the looks of it—were slowly gathering as they bantered back and forth with one another and made fun of him.

Ugh, I managed to screw this up magnificently…

Suimei let out a groan when he realized the grand extent to which he’d messed things up. He’d completely and utterly overlooked his appearance. Certainly, once it was pointed it out to him, it seemed only obvious. He had chosen to look as ordinary as possible, and he’d inadvertently taken on the image of someone who truly did know nothing of fighting or violence. On top of that, he also had the typically slender figure of a Japanese man. He couldn’t blame any of them for thinking he was kidding about joining.

Suimei’s lack of understanding with regard to this world’s standards had completely backfired in his face. In his own world, fighting techniques and tools were a dime a dozen. Being bigger and having a good build were only slight advantages. And being used to that mindset, he’d unwittingly walked right into a trap of his own design. This was, without any doubt, a blunder on his part.

But nevertheless, he still couldn’t just give up on registering and back off like they were asking him to. He had to obtain identification papers, and he was also hoping to find some proper lodgings as well. But after this, going out and buying a weapon and a new change of clothes likely wouldn’t do him any good. Everyone would remember his face after this incident, and they’d likely refuse him all the same. Suimei was trying to concoct a plan for how to break out of this deadlock as the angered men encircled him.

“Hey, punk, you have confidence in your skills, right?”

“I believe I said so earlier, but I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
