One of the adventurers let out a battle cry as the tension began to rise in the air. The enemy was drawing nearer. Gallio, who was hiding with the other merchants, popped out from behind one of the wagons.

“The fighting still isn’t over…?”

Gallio was as pale as a sheet. To a civilian like him, demons were the very embodiment of fear. It seemed he’d grasped the situation from the conversation among the escorts. One of the armored men turned to Gallio to answer him.

“U-Unfortunately. Please wait a little longer. It seems there are still demons coming this way.”

“G-Goddess… Are we going to be alright?!”

“That’s… According to the kids, there are more headed this way than last time. We also still have injured people who haven’t been treated, so this is shaping up to be a tough fight.”

Hearing these words from his escort, Gallio was cast into the depths of despair.

“W-We were only going to Nelferia to do business… Why did demons have to…”

His face was now ashen, if not ghastly. According to his commission, the journey would be relatively safe and the trade corps should have arrived in the Empire with no real problems. But it seemed all bets were off now. As Gallio began moaning in anguish, Lefille—the one who had noticed the second wave first—stepped forward to clear the air and reassure Gallio.

“Please do not worry, Gallio-dono. Those demons are headed towards us, but I will defeat them down to the last one.”

“I-If I remember correctly, you are Grakis-dono, no? I’m glad to hear you so confident, but for a tender young girl like yourself, demons…”

His next words were likely “won’t be so easy to defeat,” but he trailed off before he could finish the thought. The girl standing before him was surely just an overconfident child who didn’t know what she was getting herself into. The adventurer who had approached Suimei during his fight with the demon then walked up to Gallio without hesitation.

“No, it’s alright, Gallio-san! Lefille is strong! In the fight earlier, most of the demons were defeated by her alone!”

“That’s right! On top of that, Lefille-san also has the sword skills to split even an ogre clean in two! So we’ll be fine, even if there are more demons.”

Backing up the armored adventurer’s claim, the mage girl chipped in her own opinion. Compared to the others standing around, these two didn’t seem to be as anxious. This was surely because they had worked together with Lefille before and knew what she could do.

“Is that so…?”

“Yes. So there’s no need to worry.”

Their words weren’t quite so reassuring to Gallio, but after he took a look at Lefille, who wasn’t betraying a single hint of weakness or timidity, he seemed to calm down some. Ultimately, he now judged this girl to be on the same level as the approaching demons. It seemed the two adventurers had managed to convince him of that much, though there was still something of an air of skepticism about him. Before speaking to Lefille, he cleared his throat and did his best to put his appearance in order.

“Understood. I expect great things from you.”

“And I’ll do my best to meet them.”

Lefille met Gallio’s formality with modesty. Once their brief exchange was over, she turned back to Suimei.

“Suimei-kun.”

“Hmm? What is it?”

“This will be backtracking a bit to our previous conversation, but will you be alright? If something happened in the last fight, there’s no need to push yourself. It would be better to fall back.”

The root of her suggestion was concern over Suimei’s magic not being effective. For Suimei, as a magician, the safe choice would be to leave this to the Lefille and the others. But there were more enemies than before this time, and it wasn’t as certain that victory would be on their side. He couldn’t possibly just stand by and watch under these circumstance. The adventurer standing next to Lefille echoed her concern.

“Yeah, will you really be alright? You just used some seriously powerful magic, too. Are you not tired?”

“I’m alright. I still have plenty in me.”

“Plenty, huh? If you overestimate your power and stretch yourself too thin, that’s a fatal move, you know?”

“I appreciate the warning.”

Suimei gave a blunt but polite reply. He wasn’t about to cause a scene over people being concerned for his safety. The adventurer was still looking at Suimei suspiciously as Lefille continued the conversation.

“But Suimei-kun, what about your magic? If it isn’t very effective against the demons, then…”

“Yeah, I’ll manage somehow on that front.”

“Do you have a plan?”

“I have many more magicka than what I used just now. If the system of magicka I used before didn’t work, that only means I have to keep testing systems until I find one that does.”

“Systems… of magic? You mean attributes?”

“Aaah, right… Well, in short, I have a lot more up my sleeve.”

Lefille tilted her head to the side in confusion. An invisible question mark was hanging above her head, but there was no time for Suimei to clear everything up. Instead, he gave her a vague explanation. It was true that the type of magicka Suimei had used was poorly matched against demons. However, that wasn’t a fatal flaw for him. Magicka from his world was classified into different magickal schools as systems—evidence that the origin of magicka there was not such a simple thing. The peak of magic as defined by this fantasy world would clearly be considered something far different than back home. In Suimei’s world of advanced civilization and science, there were an untold number of mysteries.

Kabbalah, star divination, and sorcery were systems of Suimei’s world. Other famous systems included alchemy and the magic used by witches— witchcraft. There was also the group magicka systems of Occultist Taoism, the violent branch of Esoteric Buddhism, and the largest system of magicka on the continent—wizardry. Just counting the ones that Suimei had confirmed himself, there were over thirty systems. Even within these, they could still be broken down further into attributes, sequences, and effects, which led to a staggering number of magickas.

And with so many of them, there were inevitably magickas that Suimei couldn’t understand. But even discounting what he couldn’t use, there had to be something among the magickas he knew that would work against demons. According to his running hypothesis, exorcism and holy magic seemed like viable options.

But even then, Suimei’s magicka being ineffective against demons wouldn’t mean the end of the road for him. Even if he exhausted all the magicka systems he knew and couldn’t find anything that worked better, he could always power through with sheer force as he’d done before. Suimei wasn’t too worried.

If twenty demons came this time instead of ten, he would just have to use that many more spells. That’s all there was to it. Suimei’s actual problem now was the lingering possibility he’d have to put his full power on display in order to take care of things.

If it comes to it, I’ll have to ignite my mana furnace. But I’ll try everything else that I can before that.

In an emergency, he wouldn’t hesitate to abandon his experimenting and use his full power. He knew he would regret it if his stinginess drove the current predicament further into the corner. He didn’t want to be responsible for such a foolish, easily preventable outcome.

“The same was true before, but you sure are calm, Suimei-kun. In this kind of situation, it wouldn’t be unreasonable to be behaving like the other escorts are.”

“Can’t you say the same about those two adventurers you know?”

“Even then, you’re different. Unlike them, you’re not showing a single sign of fear.”

“That so? I could just be putting on a brave front, you know?”

“How brazen.”

Lefille saw straight through his little bluff. Suimei then replied more seriously.

“Well, even if I lose my composure, it won’t help any…”

As Suimei shrugged his shoulders, Lefille gave him an incredulous look. It was a bit refreshing in such a tense situation.

“You’re quite unusual. You go along with just about anything, but never show your real hand.”

“That’s just the kind of person I am. I’m a mage, after all.”

“If you keep acting like that, I’ll just want to tear off your mask even more, you know?”

“Hmm… And how will you do that?”

“Hmph. I’ve always got my sword…”

“Oooh, oh no… Lefille-san is scaaary.”

Suimei started trembling in an exaggerated manner, and Lefille gave him a broad grin. The two of them were just joking around as if there were nothing else to worry about. Gallio gave them something of a concerned look.

“Grakis-dono, do you not need to make preparations like the others are doing?”

“I don’t. I have this, after all. As long as I have my sword, I’m always ready.”

“…Understood. But do be careful.”

Lefille was quite casual about the whole thing, but Gallio looked dead serious. He had been a bit of a mess earlier, but he was still the leader of this caravan. As a traveling merchant, he was a practical, levelheaded man, and that served him well.

“Now then, it’s about time.”

“Seems so.”

Suimei had made an incredibly vague statement with no context, yet Lefille immediately agreed without any hesitation.

“…?”

Gallio seemed confused by their exchange and cocked his head to the side. But he got his answer when the mage girl at the front of the group suddenly started yelling.

“Everyone! They’re almost here!”

Between the wind and the movement in the woods, the trees began rustling. There was a silent tension in the air, like the calm right before the storm of war. One of the adventurers yelled at Gallio, who was still milling about in confusion.

“Yo, Gallio-san! Fall back already! The fighting’s about to start!”

“V-Very well! I’ll leave the rest to all of you!”

After being barked at by one of the adventurers, Gallio gave a flustered reply and ran off to the back. As the escorts all finished their preparations and took their positions, a group of demons appeared in the sky and immediately rushed down towards the convoy all at once. Their mana presence was great enough that some of the escorts noticed and looked up.

“They’re right above us too!”

A mage shouted a panicked warning to the rest of the convoy. The demons were making a perfectly timed surprise attack from the air. Reading the danger of a simultaneous attack on two fronts, Suimei prepared his magicka. And just at that moment…

“In that case…”

Suimei heard Lefille mumbling to herself in a cold voice, but what happened next was nearly impossible to believe.

“Wha―?!”

All of a sudden, Lefille was surrounded by a glittering red light. It was like her aura was pouring out of her body. The darkness of the forest was pierced by the brilliant crimson light she was radiating. An immense power that wasn’t mana was overflowing from within her. It enveloped her body, sword, and the very air around her.

“HA!”

She swung upward as if to cut down the very sky. There was no way she could reach their airborne enemies from here, even with her enormous sword. She caught only air with her blade, but the slash cast a brilliant red arc into the sky that flew straight towards the demons. But Lefille didn’t stop there. She kept moving her sword, fluidly following one swing with another.

She unleashed a squall of red slashes, each rushing towards the incoming demons overhead. The demons weren’t expecting such an attack, and fell one after the other. They couldn’t escape the ominous storm of slashes assaulting them any more than they could the wind. In the blink of an eye, they had all been reduced to corpses.

“Wha…?”

Suimei’s surprise escaped his lips. It was a one-sided slaughter. A pure massacre. It had all happened so fast. And the cause was without a doubt that bright red light.

“Hey, wait a sec, that’s…!”
