“R-Right… Got it.”

Lefille responded without any sharpness in her voice. She understood the gravity of the situation and gave a firm nod before approaching the man and helping him lay down on the ground. This earnest girl didn’t seem to have even a hint of resentment for him.

“I’ll leave the rest to you.”

“Yeah.”

Suimei nodded back to her. He then got to work casting healing magicka. As long as his target wasn’t in critical condition, Suimei should be able to use his techniques to save them. Spirit healing was especially effective for external wounds. It couldn’t do much in the way of alleviating the symptoms of serious blood loss, but there was restoration magicka for that. Multiple magicka circles rose up from beneath the adventurer and Suimei’s palm. An emerald light then covered the adventurer’s wounds and sealed them up quickly. However…

“…”

Suimei stopped there. In the middle of healing him, Suimei hung his head and lowered his hands.

“What…?”

Lefille was bewildered at his actions. From where she was standing, it simply looked like Suimei had abandoned the treatment. Seeing him unexpectedly pull back his hands, Lefille called out to him in a stringent voice.

“Suimei-kun, what’s wrong?! Why did you stop your magic?!”

“…It’s no use. His astral body has been irreparably damaged. No healing can help him now.”

Suimei couldn’t do it. The man couldn’t be saved. It was impossible. But after seeing all his wounds close up, Lefille couldn’t understand what Suimei was saying. The man looked nearly healed to her.

“Wh-What are you saying? Didn’t you just heal his wounds with your magic? So why…”

“His wounds were healed. His wounds were, sure, but…”

“Then―”

Didn’t that mean he was healed? Suimei was sure that was what she was about to ask, so he preemptively shook his head as he frustratedly bit down on his lip. Seeing that, Lefille looked both pained and confused.

“Why…?”

Lefille’s disappointed voice was painful to Suimei’s ears. Deep down, he felt his powerlessness swelling. Even though he’d hated this man at some point, he couldn’t escape that bitter feeling. Lefille, however, still seemed suspicious of why Suimei had stopped his treatment.

“This isn’t because he’s the one that drove me out of the trade corps, is it? Don’t belittle me. I don’t care about what happened back then! Just hurry up and heal him!”

“…”

“Suimei-kun!”

“No, it’s useless. Like you saw, I can heal the wounds to his body. I can heal those, but just as I said, his astral body… With the shell that serves as the vessel for his soul so badly damaged, I can’t save this man no matter how much healing magicka I use.”

“What…?! That can’t…”

Staring at the life that was pulsing away like a haze before her eyes, Lefille was at a loss for words. Seeing her like that, Suimei regretfully explained the situation.

“Under the right conditions, there may be a slim possibility, but we don’t have time for anything like that. Even if I started preparing now, this man’s body won’t hold out long enough.”

Hearing Suimei’s declaration, Lefille clenched her jaw and dropped her shoulders. Watching somebody die was hard for anybody, but this was the work of demons. It was especially painful for Lefille.

But as Lefille and Suimei both watched on in horrified disappointment, the man suddenly turned towards Lefille.

“Th-The others… a-are still being attacked… by the demons…”

“There are survivors?!”

“I don’t know… By some miracle, maybe…”

“But they might be alive?!”

Lefille asked him once more, but there was no reply. The adventurer was moving his mouth like he was struggling to get air into his lungs, but there were no words. It seemed he could no longer speak. Seeing him like that, Lefille had an idea and asked the man something else in a calm voice.

“The others are in the direction of the mountain, right?”

Was there a meaning in such a question? Her voice was so calm that it could have easily been mistaken for cold. But when the man heard her question and the glimpse of dread in it, he slowly nodded. Not long after, he drew his last breath.

“Hrgh…”

Lefille fell silent and Suimei averted his gaze.

After a few moments, Lefille stood up from kneeling at the man’s side. Her attitude was completely different. Turning her back to Suimei, she looked off in a certain direction.

“H-Hey… Lefille?!”

Suimei called out to her, but Lefille didn’t turn around. Instead, she apologized for some reason.

“Sorry, Suimei-kun.”

“You can say sorry all you want, but what are you planning? Why are you facing that way?”

“Why? That’s a foolish question, Suimei-kun.”

Was she saying the answer was obvious? Certainly it was. She’d turned to look back down the path they’d been walking along so far. And when it seemed she’d fully steeled herself, she turned to Suimei and put her determination into words.

“Suimei-kun, I’m going to go save the people of the trade corps.”

“Going to save them? Are you serious?”

“I wasn’t joking.”

“Even though you don’t know where they actually are?!”

“It’s likely that they’re along the mountain path. Even if they strayed off of it, it should be easy to find where.”

“But you don’t even know if they’re still alive!”

“No, but they might be. That’s why―”

She was going to go save them. She was going to make a daring, reckless rescue. But Suimei couldn’t let her do that. After all…

“Don’t you get it?! This is a trap laid by the demons to lure you in!”

“A trap, huh?”

“That’s right! Those guys indiscriminately attack upon seeing humans, right? Do you really think they’d let a single wounded man get away?! Rajas is definitely lying in wait back there!”

Indeed, it was a trap. They were anticipating that Lefille would come to save the people of the trade corps. It was a cruel plan to lure her back. And part of the scheme was letting one mortally wounded adventurer wander off to find her and spur her to action.

Certainly, in such a dense forest, the fact that he’d actually managed to reach her was a complete coincidence, but he was the perfect bait. It wasn’t hard to imagine Rajas doing something so sinister. However, all of Suimei’s protests were in vain. Lefille remained calm and unwavering.

“…That may be so.”

“No, not may be so! Don’t you understand?!”

“Indeed I do. It’s just as you say. I know that this is reckless.”

“Then…!”

“But even so, I still want to go save them! Things are like this because of me in the first place! That’s why!”

As Suimei persisted, insisting that she shouldn’t go, Lefille grew emotional. It must have been the pangs of conscience that had been tugging at her all this time. She was desperate to go and save these people, but that was nothing more than a manifestation of her guilt. Suimei thought she was taking it too far.

“Like I’ve been saying, that isn’t your…”

“No, it is my fault. You said so yourself, didn’t you? Rajas resorted to attacking the convoy and sending this man into the woods as a way to find me.”

“That’s… But even so, why are you so eager to rush off to your death?!”

He had a point. An ambush wasn’t a halfhearted affair. Setting all of this up required a certain amount of preparation, and the demons knew exactly who their target was. Walking into their trap would put her at a serious disadvantage. That’s why Suimei wouldn’t back down, and continued to plead with Lefille as she stood there looking down the path.

“Lefille, think it over! Just take a step back and think about it!”

But still, Lefille didn’t turn around.

“Lefille, look at me! You should understand better than anyone!”

“…”

“Lefille! You can’t die, right?! The power of the spirits can’t be eradicated! So―”

Before Suimei could say another word, Lefille—who had otherwise been silent—trembled and cut him off.

“What do you…”

“Huh?”

“What do you even know about me?!”

“―?!”

Suimei was at a loss for words when confronted with the scream from the depths of her heart. What she was letting loose was a flood of emotions.

“Would you have me look away even more than I already have?! After abandoning those dear to me?! After abandoning my family?! You want me to abandon these people too?! These people who are in peril because of me?!”

Lefille’s words struck a chord in Suimei. Perhaps the violent emotions she was embracing were something that she’d been stifling in her heart all this time. The bitterness of being unable to save anybody before. The continued pain of being unable to save anyone now. The questions she was shouting at him told him loud and clear how much she really wanted to save these people. Who was he to stand in the way of that?

“Just how long should I run away?! Just how long should I keep abandoning people?! All just to protect my own life! Sacrificing both my own feelings and the lives of others…. I’ve had… I’ve had enough of that!”

Her screaming voice was pointed towards the injustice of the world. It was her lamentation that had gone unheard until now. Precisely because she’d had to betray her own emotions all this time, her guilty conscience had been all the more difficult to bear. It was even worse knowing that the terrible things she’d done were objectively the correct choices. The contradiction just was too much.

Tears formed in the corner of Lefille’s eyes as she shouted out her feelings. It was agonizing. It was painful. Bound hand and foot by those fetters, those tears were the crystallization of her overflowing sorrow.

Eventually, her rough breathing settled and she calmed down. She apologized for losing her composure, but still didn’t turn around. It seemed her decision was fixed. And as if to reaffirm that, she gave her farewell.

“…Sorry, Suimei-kun. We weren’t together long, but thank you for what you’ve done up until now.”
