Epilogue II

“No, no, no, no. I’m the one who wants to know what the hell is going on here.”

“My body shrank! It’s tiny! Why? Why? WHY?!”

“Is this the first time? I mean, sure it is, but…”

“Of course it is! This has never happened before!”

Lefille vigorously made that declaration regarding this unusual phenomenon. But other than that, she was completely shaken. This was a new experience for her. And it was strange enough that it would be troublesome even if it was something that happened frequently. She spoke up about her deduction as to what had happened.

“I-It couldn’t be that during the fight, that damn Rajas cast some evil spell on me…”

Lefille thought it over out loud while making a grim face. It was an expression that truly showcased her panic. It was perhaps the conclusion her mind was naturally drawn to since she was already cursed, but was a curse to turn someone into a little kid something anybody really went out of their way to cast? Not only that, it would be quite the late curse for it to only take effect after everything had ended. Frankly speaking, it was a ridiculous idea.

Could it be just some sick joke he’d played in his last moments of struggling? Just to be safe, Suimei examined her, but…

“No, it doesn’t look like it. There are no traces of curses except for the existing one.”

“Th-Then why…”

Lefille’s expression at her wits’ end had become unusually stringent. Just how had it come to this? She seemed to be searching for the root cause deep in her head, but in everything that had happened, was there really anything that could explain this?

It was true that Lefille wasn’t a normal human in many ways, including the power of spirits, her telesma.

Thinking on it now, Suimei recalled the abnormal power that Lefille had manifested at the end of the fight. She’d dominated all the air in their surroundings; it was completely different from what he’d seen from her previously. The strength of the power, the range, the variance—it far outclassed what she’d used to blow away the smaller demons. The difference was so stark that it could be said that it was in an entirely different dimension.

Basing his conjecture on that, he arrived at an answer right away, but…

No, no matter how you put it, that’s too simple, isn’t it?

Suimei dismissed the answer that came to mind… but then he recalled his oversight in regards to holy magicka. Because he’d overlooked a simple answer, it took him far too long to arrive at the truth. It meant that, in this other world, he couldn’t automatically discount simple answers.

“Lefille, hear me out.”

“… I shrank. Everything did. Every last bit. Aww… Why? Why do I feel like I just lost something important again all at once…? Hic…”

“Hellooooo?”

“Huh? Ah, sorry. What’s the matter, Suimei-kun?”

Using the far too long sleeve on her arm to wipe away her spilling tears, Lefille looked up at Suimei. He then took to explaining his theory.

“It’s just… I was thinking that maybe your body shrank cause you used too much of the power of the spirits.”

“Oh…? Why do you think that?”

“Um, let’s see, well this is entirely conjecture, but your body is likely composed of half human and half incorporeal spirit. So after consuming a large amount of the foundation of the power of the spirits in aetheric and monad, the spirit portion ran out, you see…”

“I don’t understand everything you just said, but… In short, are you suggesting this happens after I use too much of my powers? But how could that be? No matter how much of my power I used before, my body never changed. And besides, isn’t it strange for a body to shrink like this? If the power of the spirits ran out, then it should just simply mean that I’m unable to use any more of that power.”

“Sure, but at any rate, you’re part spirit. Even where I come from, there’s too much that’s inexplicable about them…”

In Suimei’s world, the very existence of spirits themselves was something from antiquity, and because not many records were left behind, many things about spirits were unknown or obscure.

But since Lefille was born as a half spirit, in addition to her physical body and astral body, she was sustained by something like a spiritual body. He was suggesting that this had happened because she’d overused that part of her body, so it was only natural that she be a little suspicious of his theory, but…

“Wait, I get it. Your body is based on a spirit, so it’s fundamentally different from a normal physical body. Your existence itself is the same as a summoned spirit, and it’s the same as when one manifests in reality using a physical body as a projection, so if the foundation of that—the power of the spirits—weakens, then the projection becomes distorted. Ah, yeah, of course. The girl known as Lefille is still here, but because your existence has become distorted, to maintain coherence, the projection just appears smaller. It even has an effect on your physical body in reality.”

“S-Suimei-kun! I can’t understand what you’re saying with so many difficult words! Explain it in a way that even I would get it!”

“Hmm? Ah, you’re right, sorry. I’ll explain it later after I sort it out a bit. But for now… isn’t it bad if you jump around in that state?”

The moment Suimei finished pointing that out, Lefille panicked and immediately tripped on her baggy clothes and boots.

“Wa, w-waah! EEEK!”

She once more fell face first into the ground. After squirming around trying to get back up, perhaps judging that it would be difficult for her to do on her own, she called out to Suimei in an apologetic voice.

“Suimei-kun… Sorry, but can you lend me a hand? I can’t get back up because my clothes and boots are too big…”

“…”

“Suimei-kun?”

She called out to him wondering why he wouldn’t answer, but… Suimei just didn’t have the strength. It wasn’t all that surprising. Still lying where he was, he managed a few more words

“It’s just… You see… I also used too much power and can’t move.”

“…”

“…”

Silence swept over them. An awkward stillness. In this state, neither of them could move anymore. And as they caught a glimpse of their helpless future, Suimei let out an awfully dry laugh.

“Hahaha… What do we do?”

“Ah… What indeed?”

In the end, after Suimei recovered enough to manage getting up, he scooped up Lefille, who was now so entangled in her own clothing that she couldn’t move. Somehow, they descended from the mountain together.

★

At the same time, in a castle further to the north than the northernmost lands of humanity, someone was kneeling down before a throne.

Though it appeared to have the shape of a human, looking closely, there were portions here that just weren’t right. Whatever it was had a humanoid shape, but wasn’t human. It was another of the demon generals, Lishbaum. He stood up and respectfully bowed to the demon sitting atop the throne.

Then he once more knelt down. The demon sitting atop the throne―a girl wearing splendorous clothes adorned with black ornaments— ascertained his courtesy, and while propping up her cheek on her elbow using the armrest, she spoke to him languidly.

“…What? We finally managed to doze off in a good mood. What do you need?”

In response to her a question, a somewhat high-pitched man’s voice responded.

“I have something urgent to report to Your Majesty.”

“…What is it?”

Still down on one knee, after a short pause, Lishbaum answered the girl’s question.

“Just a moment ago, the response from His Excellency Rajas’s power… ceased.”

“What?”

As if showing great interest in that last word, the girl leaned forward on her throne. It was a stark reversal of her previously languorous attitude.

“If we are not mistaken, he was given the task of killing the first summoned hero, was he not?”

“It is as you say, Your Majesty.”

“Which means he was defeated by the hero… Does it not?”

“That possibility is sufficiently likely.”

Sensing that Lishbaum was intentionally holding something back based on his select choice of words, the girl furrowed her brow.

“As always, your damned words hint at something else…”

“It is my nature, Your Majesty.”

“…Fine. However, I see… Rajas was…”

As the girl muttered those words as if biting down on them, Lishbaum raised his face to her.

“What shall we do from here, Your Majesty?”

“Let us see… We would like to wait and see, but that will not do. Our vanguard general has fallen, after all. We must change the schedule somewhat.”

“What is the plan, Your Majesty?”

“First, have Vuishta and Moolah gather in the western region between our territory and the territory of those damn humans. Prepare for an invasion.”

“Will those fellows move right away, Your Majesty?”

“It is fine. That is included in our calculations. Given a surplus of time, they should be able to lure in more of them, after all.”

As a grin surfaced on the girl’s face, Lishbaum also smiled as if to respond to her.

“As Your Majesty wishes.”

With that short phrase, Lishbaum melted away into the darkness. Once more, the girl was left alone on the throne.

One of her key subordinates had been defeated. However, the girl showed no signs of sadness. On the contrary, like a child who had discovered something amusing, she happily raised her voice.

“Heh heh heh, a hero summoned from another world, is it? If they could defeat Rajas, we are looking forward to meeting them.”

The laughter of this girl—Demon Lord Nakshatra—resounded throughout the place known as the Demon Lord’s castle.
