Prologue

Prologue

In this world, there exists a relatively new, conspicuous, and unique system of magicka, even when looking at it from the perspective of magicka’s long history, called modern magicka theory. Its origin dates back four hundred years to the seventeenth century. It collated preexisting theories of magicka and gathered them together in a single foundation.

In general, a single magicka system is typically based on a single magicka theory. Among scholars, this is only common sense. There is only a single origin to ideology and history, for example, and the same with religion. It was common to create magicka by mixing similar systems such as Kabbalah, star divination, and numerology. But theories born from mixing together fundamentally different ideologies never happened. Witchcraft and yin-yang spells, for example, came from a combination of magickas from different systems, but ones that were incredibly similar. The fact that magicka systems could only be used together if they shared a founding theory was, in general, considered an unbreakable law.

And with that, magicka had no choice but to confine itself to certain scopes. It could be said that its general nature was lacking, and it became obvious that magicka would have to be able to mix together from different foundations in order to develop further as a whole. And it was at this crossroads that the evolution of magicka was forced to a standstill for a time.

The ultimate goal of many magicians was the Akashic Records. To put it in the most simple terms possible, the truth. It was called the ultimate gate of the highest order that could never be crossed. The magicians of the day thought that their evolution had to continue if only to chase after this dream. And so magicians in the sixteenth century came up with the idea of gathering together all magicians with the goal of unifying all magickal theory.

They would pool all their knowledge, and then work to fill in the gaps. If they could pursue this theory the way they really dreamed, the whole world’s understanding of magicka could increase drastically. And to that end, the magicians of the time put their plan into action.

What was born out of this absurd and unprincipled theory was indeed magicka formed by the joining of magickas from different systems: modern magicka theory. Those who wielded this magicka became known as modern magicians. They were magicians who had become heretics in the eyes of other magicians.

And now, rushing through this age called the modern era, there was a certain modern magician who used said modern magicka theory. Unable to fight the sorrow threatening to crush him and barely able to carry the weight of the dead mother no one had been able to save, he caught a glimpse of a humble dream that captivated him. It was his father’s dream. And taking up that dream, he ran on. Trial after trial lashed at him and difficulty bit at his ankles, but still, the young man continued on.

The goal this young man was chasing after—the goal his father had desired—was by no means extraordinary. It was but a simple, meager wish. And so for this young man’s father, who surpassed him as a magician time and time again, it shouldn’t have been a particularly difficult dream to accomplish. But this young man’s father was never able to seize his dream and never did make that humble wish come true—to see those around him smile. He wanted a modest, never-ending happiness for his small handful of loved ones. That’s why on that day, when the young man heard his father’s wish, he had told his father that he would work together with him to accomplish it…

Birds that never fly high never fall too far. They never learn the despair that is having their bodies dashed upon the earth. The young man’s father told him that if he was looking for happiness, he definitely shouldn’t chase after him. But this young man didn’t listen to his father. He was already enchanted by the idea of trying to catch up to his father, who was always two steps ahead of him chasing after mysteries and dreams. This young man wanted to chase after the same things. He wanted to become a magician just like his father.

One day, he would make that wish come true. And so the young man kept running. He believed that his father’s wish, that dream, would come to him if he followed the right path. But now that young man has found himself very, very far astray from where he intended to be.

He was not in the modern world, but one the likes of which boys and girls often fantasize about. It was a land of swords and sorcery, heroes and Demon Lords. But the things this young man aspired to achieve, the things he desired, the things he swore to accomplish, and the things he should be protecting… none of them were here in this place.

He had temporarily stepped away from the world of rampant bloodthirst and magicians on that fateful day. He was resting, simply spending time as a normal student, on the day he was summoned against his will alongside his friends and asked to subjugate a Demon Lord.

He had refused the request and since separated from his friends who had accepted it. Because this young man had his own goals, he could not accompany them on their quest. He must attain his departed father’s wish. And to keep his promise, he must return to his own world. So on the day this young man departed the castle, his first destination was a place where many adventurers gathered.

“Hi, sorry, but do you often use the Twilight Pavilion?”

As the young man was waiting before the reception desk of the Adventurer’s Guild known as the Twilight Pavilion, someone called to him. It was a courteous, sweet-sounding voice, and the owner of it was none other than the young woman who had been waiting in line next to him. She had deep crimson hair like the evening sun and a gallant figure. She turned to the young man.

Her porcelain face, sharp gaze, and fiery hair nearly made her look like a blade that had been covered in blood. Both her features and clothing were elegant. She wore a hat with a wide brim and light armor befitting of a knight, all in white accentuated with red highlights. Her figure was slender, and it was likely that she had graceful limbs underneath her armor. She was such a beauty that the young man unintentionally let out a sigh upon seeing her.

From her posture sitting on the bench, he could grasp that she carried herself calmly and with composure. If he were to compare her to something, it would have been an elegant sword. Though the young man had only ever dabbled in swordsmanship, he could tell that this woman left no openings, even sitting where she was. She must have been quite the skilled master. From her physique and figure, he guessed she must be around his age, but the mysterious aura she gave off made him think twice. He hadn’t expected her to call out to him, and answered with slight hesitance in his voice.

“No, just the opposite. To tell you the truth, this is my first time here.”

“What a coincidence. Just like you, this is my first time coming to this sort of place. I was a little worried whether or not I was in the correct line to apply as a member.”

“In that case, I think you’re in the right place. The people accepting commissions all are using counters other than this one, it seems.”

The young man pointed towards the corner of the building where people were busy merrily drinking away. Next to them was another counter where what appeared to be much more frequent visitors to the establishment were gathering.

“Does that mean you’re applying as an adventurer yourself?”

“Yes. Though it’s embarrassing, I’m a woman who only knows how to fight. I thought that this would be the most suitable place for me to earn a living.”

The young woman tapped the hilt of the sword at her waist while giving the young man a self-deprecating smile. As the young man had guessed, she was one who lived by the sword. It should have been obvious from seeing the long sword at her side, but rather than looking like a soldier, she looked more like a knight. While the young man pondered her situation, she introduced herself.

“I’m Lefille Grakis. If it is alright with you, would you tell me your name?”

“Huh?”

At the sudden request to exchange names, the young man raised a puzzled voice. Seeing this, the young woman—Lefille—made an awkward expression and explained herself.

“Ah, sorry. I’m sure you’re surprised I asked for your name so suddenly, but I have a good reason.”

“…Which is?”

“You don’t have to be so on guard. This morning when I went to the Church of Salvation, I was nominated to receive an oracle from Alshuna. I was told to exchange names with the people near me today.”

Lefille looked a bit annoyed as she sighed. The Church of Salvation was the place of worship for the one and only deity of the land, the Goddess Alshuna. In this world, it was the religion with the most believers behind it. Back at the castle, the young man had also heard it was an oracle who’d divined details about the Demon Lord and his actions.

“Why would you get that sort of revelation?”

“I have no idea myself. According to Metel’s bishop, Alshuna’s oracle simply stated that someone I call out to today will in one way or another become involved with me.”

“And that is why you asked for my name?”

“Exactly.”

“An oracle, huh? How dubious… Sorry, that was rude of me.”

The young man had revealed his honest feelings after hearing such a story, but quickly apologized. If she’d gone to the Church of Salvation, she must have been a believer herself. Making light of that was insensitive. He was kicking himself for doing it, but Lefille returned with gentle laughter.

“Heehee, it very well may be, but you should be careful. I don’t particularly mind, but if more devout believers heard that, you would be in for a tedious sermon.”

“I was rather rash. I will be more careful.”

“Well, I might not be in a position to say such a thing after raising an objection as soon as I heard the oracle myself.”

“Oh…?”

The young man inadvertently began staring at the face of the woman sitting beside him. It seemed the tedious sermon she had mentioned was something she’d gone through personally this morning.

“Really, to think that my usual prayer would turn into such a thing… Thanks to this, my schedule has fallen quite a bit behind.”

“You have my sympathy.”

“Well, I’m paying for my own mistakes. There’s no sense complaining about it.”

“So you’ve been diligent and doing what the oracle suggested all day?”

“Yeah, you would be the tenth person I’ve asked.”

“That does sound… awfully troublesome.”

“It really is. If I explain that I’m asking because the oracle told me to, everyone just thinks I’m some strange person… There were even a few men who thought I was giving them some sort of vulgar invitation.”

“Ah…”

The young man gave a nod and a mumble like he understood fully as Lefille let out a gloomy sigh. He couldn’t say that he personally thought she was strange, but any man who was not supremely wary would be excited to have a beautiful girl like her approach them. It was easy to imagine how they would think she was trying to seduce them when she insisted on getting to know the name of a complete stranger. Her heavy sigh indicated just how many times she’d had to extricate herself from such a situation.

“So, how about it? If it’s alright with you, I would still like to hear your name.”

Deciding it wouldn’t be a problem, the young man named himself.

“Suimei Yakagi.”

That was how modern magician Yakagi Suimei met Lefille Grakis.
