Rather, I’ll finally be able to prove that I was right all along!”

“Wherever you are... I’m sorry, Suimei.”

Mizuki’s laughter echoed through the carriage and completely drowned

out Reiji’s heavy sigh. The two princesses listening in on their conversation

couldn’t help wondering who was really deserving of pity here. Watching

their antics, Graziella spoke up.

“But to think that the hero of old and his companions were summoned

from the same world...”

“It just means that kind of thing happens, is all. Sort of like the three of

us. It might just be that it’s easier to summon people from our world.”

Reiji was thinking something along those lines, but Mizuki seemed to

have a somewhat different take on it. She shared her theory with a grin.

“But we still don’t know, right? It’s just a possibility at this point. It’s

also possible there are really parallel worlds involved.”

“Parallel worlds?” asked Titania.

“Yeah. Parallel worlds are nearly identical, but each one has a different

future. For example, I ended up getting summoned here, but the me in a

parallel world might still be happy at home.”

“That sounds... rather complicated.”

“Huh... Yeah, I guess it is, isn’t it?”

Wrinkling her brow, Titania was making a stern expression as Mizuki

forced a smile. As expected, a rather unadvanced world like this didn’t have

the imagination to keep up with her.

“But, Mizuki, if there are many other worlds like that, doesn’t that mean

there would be multiple versions of me? There’s no way that could be.”

“But there’s this whole other world, right? You can’t really deny the

possibility.”

“Is this related to the hero summoning?”

“Don’t you think it’s a big deal that we were summoned to another

world? Travelling between worlds isn’t something that can be accomplished

even with science.”

“Hmph...”

Hearing Mizuki’s explanation, Graziella seemed somewhat convinced.

She then leaned over to Titania.

“If we ask that man, we may be able to learn something.”

“You have a point. Suimei probably knows about this. But...”

With Mizuki thinking she’d won some victory over Suimei with this

knowledge, if she found out the truth, she would be devastated. Titania

could picture it clearly already. She imagined Mizuki shouting at the top of

her lungs, “Breach of friendship! Breach of friendship!”

★

After staying the night at an inn in Attila, Reiji and the others once more

set out for the temple that kept the relic. They waited in the room they’d

visited the previous day for Faylia, who arrived later than planned.

“I apologize for making you wait.”

“No, don’t worry about it. More importantly, has the seal already been

released?” asked Reiji.

“Yes,” she said with a nod. “We finished releasing all the seals this

morning. You may now enter whenever you like. Please, come this way.”

With that, Faylia extended her hand towards the door. Seeing that it was

time, Titania gave an order to her retinue of knights.

“All of you, wait here. Gregory, you’re in charge.”

“Yes, Your Highness.”

Gregory gave a bow in acknowledgement of her command. Luka, on the

other hand, looked fidgety like she’d wanted to go in with them. Roffrey

tried to soothe her, assuring her they could see it later when Reiji returned

with it.

Graziella too ordered her soldiers to stand by at the entrance. Seeing this

all unfold, Mizuki realized something and leaned over to mention it to Reiji

privately.

“Tia’s knights and the Empire soldiers seem to get along just fine, huh?”

“You’re right. They’re soldiers from allied countries, so maybe we were

worried for nothing.”

That had been one of their concerns about bringing Graziella along.

They were worried fighting might break out between their respective

escorts, but because they drew the line quite distinctly between themselves,

they hadn’t been at odds with each other even once.

Overhearing all this, Titania and Graziella joined in on their secret

conversation.

“The Empire is an allied nation, after all. At least on the surface.”

“The men following me are the ones most suited to give me counsel.

They are all skilled soldiers who have a long record of military service. As

for Astel’s knights, Gregory-dono is present. He should be able to keep the

others in line.”

“O-Oh, ahaha...”

The two princesses seemed to have a firm grasp on their own affairs.

Titania had said things were fine on the surface, implying that in reality,

sparks were flying just underneath that. A little unsure how to take all this,

all Mizuki could do was laugh dryly.

As the group followed Faylia down a candle-lit corridor, they came upon

a staircase leading downward.

“It’s underground?”

“Yes. We will need to descend a little, but it is just beyond here.”

They began descending the staircase, and partway down, the appearance

of the passage completely changed. Up until now, everything had been done

in the same style and materials as the rest of the temple, but the walls now

became bare rock that made it look like a cave. Impressed with the

sensation they were entering a limestone cavern, the group followed Faylia.

Before long, they came upon an enormous boulder.

“Is this... a grotto?”

“We’re inside the temple, right?”

The storage area had a completely different feel to it than the rest of the

temple. Curious, Reiji stepped forward and asked Faylia about it.

“Faylia-san, why is only this part of the temple so different?”

“Regarding the location of the seal, it was the heroes’ idea. They

claimed that if the seal were in the temple itself, its magic might be

compromised and weakened by the mysticism of the Goddess. And so they

had to make another mystical space, or something like that.”

“Hwah?”

Mizuki made a strange, puzzled sound. Feeling much the same way,

Reiji didn’t follow either. Seeing the confusion on his face, Faylia seemed

to read his mind and tried explaining further.

“What the hero told us was that the sealing spell used was originally a

technique used to suppress the power of gods, so being near the power of a

god would weaken it and vice versa. Something along those lines.”

“Tia, is that true?”

“My apologies. This is also the first I have heard of it.”

Reiji shifted his gaze over to Graziella after Titania, but it didn’t seem

she knew either. She only shrugged her shoulders as she shook her head.

But for two serious mages to be clueless on the matter, Reiji couldn’t help

thinking it was odd.

“Now then, please step back a little.”

Urged by Faylia, Reiji and the others took a bit of distance. When they

did, Faylia recited something in front of the boulder and a magic circle rose

to the surface around it. A high-pitched buzzing suddenly assaulted

everyone’s ears. Before long, the giant boulder made a sound like it was

being dragged along the ground, and started to move as it split to the sides.

It released stale air that had been trapped inside of it, which smelled much

like rotten eggs.

“Urgh... This is somewhat harsh.”

Graziella reflexively grimaced at the stench. Unexpectedly, Faylia also

pinched her nose and turned away from the boulder.

“This stench is because of one of the books the tyrant possessed.

Everything around it becomes covered in moisture and eventually

decomposes.”

Hearing that explanation, Mizuki raised an anxious question.

“I-Is it safe?”

“Yes. Regarding anything that leaks out of it, it no longer contains

enough power to harm a human.”

“Thank goodness...”

While Mizuki expressed her relief with a sigh, Reiji was doing the same

internally. Faylia then pointed at the culprit of the stench with her finger.

“This is the tome I just mentioned.”

Beyond Faylia’s supple finger was a dark bound book atop a pedestal. It

had an ominous appearance; just looking at it was enough to make one

uncomfortable. Upon closer inspection, despite the fact that the pedestal

was made of metal, it looked somewhat melted and had stalactite-like

drippings coming off of it. Based on what Faylia said, this gave a glimpse

into the strange book’s power.

Graziella seemed intrigued by the book and drew nearer to it. Quick to

respond, Faylia raised a fierce voice and called for her to stop.

“Halt!”

“What is it? Suddenly raising your voice like that...”

“Pardon me... But that is something that must never be touched, so I had

no choice but to be a little forceful.”

“Must never be touched?”

“That’s right. If a human touches it even once, the evil god that

manipulated the tyrant would take them over and turn them into a thrall.

Then the nightmare of an age past would repeat itself all over again.”

Hearing Faylia’s explanation, Mizuki raised a puzzled voice.

“Huh? Wasn’t he defeated and everything was solved?”

“The tyrant was felled, but the existence that drove him to madness was

not. As a god, it wasn’t something that mere mortals could contend with. Or

so the story goes.”

“What about the relic you described yesterday? Didn’t you say it was a

weapon that could slay even gods?”

“The hero said that the real culprit was unreachable and therefore could

not be defeated.”

“I see. So it ended up getting sealed here instead.”

Graziella seemed convinced, and after taking another glance at the book,

stepped back towards Reiji and the others. Certainly, if it was such a

dangerous object, anybody would want to rid the world of it. But because

they couldn’t do that, it had to be sealed away. With that settled, Faylia

pointed out another pedestal.

“And over here... This what you have been seeking.”

Placed atop a metal pedestal was a small box. Seemingly unaffected by

the malicious aura of the book, its pedestal was pristine. There wasn’t a

single sign of any deterioration. Approaching it, Faylia quietly picked up

the box and presented it to Reiji and the others.

Just as Elliot had said, inside the box was an ornament. It resembled a

brooch with a feather motif. It had a silvery metallic luster to it, but what

stood out the most was the blue gem placed right in its center.

“So this is the Sacrament... It’s beautiful...” said Mizuki.

“That blue gem looks like a lapis lazuli,” commented Titania.

The mysterious blue sparkle of it entranced all the women present... Or

so Reiji had thought.

“...What? Is there something on my face?” asked Graziella when she

saw Reiji staring at her.

“Ah, no. I was just thinking about how pretty it was. Don’t you think so

too, Graziella?”

“Hmph. All I’m interested in is whether or not it can be used.”

It seemed the third imperial princess of the Empire hadn’t much interest

in fineries. Despite the fact that it looked like an exquisite piece of jewelry,

she’d hardly given it a second look. Thinking about it, Reiji realized she

was dressed rather ruggedly. She probably didn’t care much for fashion in

the first place, preferring function over form.

“Is this all?” Graziella asked, turning to Faylia.

“Yes. This is all that was left behind.”

“If there was something else that looked useful, I was hoping to take it

too.”

Graziella frankly stated her intentions, but Faylia shook her head.

“The items the heroes used were all beyond our capabilities and

comprehension. Even if they had left them behind, we would have been

unable to put them to any use.”

“Is that so?”

“On top of the magic they used being different from ours, they used very

high level techniques. The technique to use the Sacrament seemed the most

advanced of them all, but it was the only relic that seemed like it might ever

be usable to us.”

After hearing her story, Reiji had an important question.