them with her gaze did she get to her explanation.

“I am the Holy King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami. I have awakened to

guide the worthless beings collectively known as humanity who have run

rampant in this boring world to the true realm of darkness. I am the absolute

ruler of the black flame darker than the abyss that grants death without

partiality to all in existence. My other names are the Grand Ripper, the

Death Child... Right?”

“Don’t ask me! I don’t know!”

“I am certain I had about three other names granted to me, though... I am

the one who boils all the malice in the world into an even jet black darkness

using that Pandora whose name is karma to...”

“You don’t have to say it! You don’t have to say any more! Please!”

Reiji covered his ears. Perhaps some of his anguish had transferred over

to Titania, who was now rubbing her temple with a severe expression.

“I do not understand why, but just listening to her gives me a

headache...”

“It’s partly because what she says is incomprehensible, Tia...”

The two of them genuinely appeared to be suffering. Graziella,

meanwhile, seemed to be considering the issue rather seriously.

“Reiji, Your Royal Highness... Could it be that Mizuki was possessed by

something strange? Didn’t the elf mention something similar earlier? That

the reason the king who ruled over this region turned villainous was

because he was possessed by a force that drove him to madness and

tyranny?”

“Now that you mention it...”

“Could you not lump me together with your kind?”

Io Kuzami was indignant at the comparison, but the more Reiji thought

about it, the more he began to think she was right—if he lumped them

together, he would feel badly for the tyrant.

“I shall say this beforehand, but I did not so much as touch that book. As

another matter entirely, that fiend who serves he who holds the fist that

conquered the devil, he who shook the heavens and earth from top to

bottom and spread his name across the universe, eager for atrocities greater

than the ones wrought by God and Satan—the god of demons—did he not

take it with him?”

Io Kuzami was probably referring to Ilzarl. Certainly, Faylia had said

that the origin of the tyrant’s possession was the book. But if the same force

had possessed Mizuki, would it really be dredging up her dark past? As

Reiji wrinkled his brow wondering just what was going on, Titania drew

closer to him to whisper in his ear.

“Reiji-sama, what do you think?”

“Maybe—and I mean maybe—somewhere inside of Mizuki, she’s

actually got another personality or something?”

“Another personality?”

“Yeah, it’s a condition called multiple personality disorder. When people

undergo tremendous stress, sometimes they’re unable to keep their mind in

balance, and other personalities are born to help cope.”

Reiji gave Titania a simple explanation of a single cause of multiple

personality disorder. Graziella, who happened to overhear this, cut in on

their conversation.

“So that is the situation with Mizuki right now? I see... Certainly, that

demon unleashed a tremendous fighting spirit. It isn’t strange to think that it

would have done her in mentally.”

“Is there a way to turn her back, Reiji-sama?”

“It’s not like I’m a doctor, so I don’t know... But I’ve heard that people

with such disorders sometimes switch personalities, or when they’re

relieved of their stress, the new personality integrates with the original one.

We might be able to find a way to rectify this with enough time.”

“So this doesn’t mean that the real Mizuki just vanished?”

“Theoretically...”

Titania felt a slight sense of relief upon hearing this. But the next to cut

in on their conversation was Io Kuzami herself.

“Talking in secret amongst yourselves? Include me as well. Allow the

King of the Heavens to hear your foolish conjecture that amounts to no

more than grains of rice—no, specks of dust.”

“No. If we include you right now, Mizuki, we won’t get anywhere.”

“Mizuki, do not worry. Until you return to normal, I will help you to the

best of my ability.”

“So you would ignore me, Io Kuzami? Nothing but insolence...” She

made her dissatisfaction known with a snort, but after doing so, returned to

a fearless smile. “More importantly, my dear fiancé, do you not have more

to worry about than me to the exclusion of all else?”

“Huh?”

“That.”

Io Kuzami was pointing at the pocket of Reiji’s blazer. Inside of it were

the Sacrament and the device called the Lachesis Meter, which he’d

received from Faylia. Wondering what she was trying to say, Reiji reached

into his pocket, and...

Tick.

“Huh?”

He heard the unmistakable sound of a clock ticking inside of his head.

Perhaps saying he “heard” it wasn’t the right way to describe it. It was as if

the sound resounded directly within his ears.

“Reiji-sama?”

“Did you... hear that just now?”

“Hear what?”

Titania looked quite puzzled, unsure of what he was talking about. She

apparently hadn’t heard the ticking herself. After a short pause to try and

listen for something, she questioned Reiji again.

“Reiji-sama, did you hear something?”

“We didn’t hear anything,” volunteered Graziella.

She vigilantly scanned the area to try and determine the source of the

sound, but it seemed—whatever it was—that it had only been heard by

Reiji. Meanwhile, Io Kuzami was grinning widely like she had before when

she was toying with him. Her grin unchanged, she nodded towards what

Reiji was holding in his hand. Reiji opened the face of the pocket watch.

Just like when he first picked it up, there lay a curved hour and minute hand

inside, but this time...

“It’s moving...”

It was certainly different. The curved needles were now moving, if only

ever so slightly, and only roughly every minute or so.

“What a sinful measuring device. Its very existence suggests that

everyone is doomed to perish, but for it to have been made, it also suggests

there is a way to rebel against that fate.”

“Mizu— No, Io Kuzami-san, what is this to you?”

“It is a scale to measure the coming apocalypse. It’s a magic device that

represents the rivalry between the inevitable future and the resistance of the

present day.”

“Faylia-dono did say something like that, didn’t she? Something about

the beginning of the end of the world, right?”

“In other words, you just repeated what she said in an exaggerated

expression?”

“I cannot deny the exaggerated expression... Well, take it however you

like. You will only ever have the leisure to do so now, after all.

FUHAHAHAHAHA!”

As Reiji looked at the Lachesis Meter with a stern expression, Io

Kuzami broke into laughter. Her laughter gradually grew louder and louder,

rattling Reiji’s mind and keeping him from thinking. Unable to bear it any

longer, he screamed at Io Kuzami.

“Can you be a little quieter, Mizuki?!”

“Will you remember my name properly already? I am the Holy King of

the Heavens, Io Kuzami! I am absolutely not Mizuki! Absolutely not!”

“AAAAAH! DAMN IT, DAMN IT, DAMN IT! Why did it end up like

this?! How?! SUIMEI, SAVE MEEEEEEEE!”

Io Kuzami’s loud laughter and Reiji’s wails of despair echoed

throughout the temple. This all happened that evening, one week after

Suimei fought Eanru.