smithies hiding indoors? The fact that not even the violent cult members

were around was still quite the mystery to him. While he was looking

around, he caught sight of a shadow approaching them from up ahead. They

weren’t alone after all. Listening carefully, he could hear several sets of

footsteps.

So they’ve come.

And just as he was thinking that, what appeared along with several

robed figures was...

“This is...”

“So it’s come to this.”

“How... unexpected.”

“Hey, wait... Seriously?”

Felmenia, Lefille, Liliana, and Suimei all raised surprised voices upon

seeing the person standing at the center of the group of cult members. It was

someone they knew well.

“I have been awaiting your arrival, hero of the Alliance, Hatsumi

Kuchiba.”

It was Sister Clarissa, who spoke as if she’d known Hatsumi was

coming. Hatsumi, however, was the only person unfamiliar with her, and

made a puzzled expression upon hearing this.

“A cat-eared nun?”

“I am called Clarissa. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”

With that, Clarissa bowed elegantly towards Hatsumi. Hatsumi, after

seeing everyone else’s reactions to her, turned to Suimei for answers.

“This someone you know?”

“Well, we’ve met before, but...”

While Suimei was talking to Hatsumi, Lefille turned a question to

Clarissa herself.

“Sister Clarissa, are you aware that the people standing behind you are

causing a disturbance?”

“Yes, I am fully aware.”

“From what I can see, you appear to have no connection to them. Just

what is the meaning of all this? I’d like to get a definitive answer from

you.”

Lefille intensely pressed her for an answer, but it wasn’t Clarissa that

replied.

“Hahh... There’s nothing particularly definitive about this, though.”

“Jill!”

Jillbert lackadaisically walked out of an alleyway with a sigh. And then,

as if to clearly declare her side, she took her position right next to Clarissa.

She was dressed the same as always, in functional and easy to move in

clothing. But today, on top of her dainty shoulder leaned an unsuitably large

halberd. It had a long, fat grip that seemed too large for her tiny hands, and

an axe blade with a spear tip that was almost as large as she was. As she

dropped the halberd from her shoulder to the ground, it shook the ground

along with a loud and dull noise.

“Yo, legal loli.”

“I keep telling ya, I don’t understand a word you say, you damn

pedophile... But more importantly, you’re surprisingly calm about this,

aincha?”

“Well, yeah. From what Sister here just said, I’ve more or less grasped

the situation.”

Seeing that Suimei had figured something out, Hatsumi turned to him

again.

“Yakagi, what’s going on?”

“It’s déjà vu. Isn’t it kinda similar to when Eanru showed up?”

“Ah!”

Hearing that, Hatsumi saw the connection for herself. Hearing her

surprised acknowledgment, Clarissa spoke up again.

“If you know what’s going on, then it will save us some time.”

“Then, Sister, does that mean you are a companion of the dragonnewt

who attacked Suimei-dono and Hero-dono?”

“Yes, White Flame-dono, it’s exactly as you’ve surmised.”

“And so these guys are also your allies? For a nun of the Church of

Salvation to bring along members of an opposing cult... It’s quite ironic,

isn’t it?”

“Certainly, it’s quite a funny story.”

Clarissa began giggling in a refined manner. Meanwhile, Suimei and the

others recognized the threat at hand and were each preparing for battle. The

one who seemed most dismayed over this development, however, was

Jillbert.

“Haaaaahh, why did it have to come to this?”

“Seriously. Jill, if you’re on her side, that means you’re also our enemy,

right?”

“That’s how it goes. Honestly, I’d rather not be, but...”

From Jillbert’s way of speaking, she seemed completely unenthusiastic

about the whole situation. She wasn’t particularly happy about having to

antagonize Lefille, who she’d actually grown to be quite close with. And as

if scolding her, Clarissa raised her voice.

“Jill, there’s no use in complaining.”

“I know there’s nothing that can be done about it, but... I was just

wondering why things had to end up bringing Lefi and the others in

opposition to us.”

“Do you still not understand?”

“Hah?”

Hearing Clarissa’s puzzling declaration, Jillbert made a curious

expression. Clarissa then turned her gaze to Hatsumi.

“Hero Hatsumi, we are in need of your power. Could you possibly come

along with us?”

“And your reason?”

“Right now, I can only request that you come along.”

“Then I refuse. I have things that I must do myself, so please ask

someone else for assistance.”

“Even if I say... that I must insist you come with us by any means?”

“I still refuse. Do you really think I can trust people who do things like

this?”

Exactly as expected, negotiations quickly broke down. Just based on the

fact that they acknowledged they were Eanru’s companions, it was already

clear that a peaceful compromise was out of the question. But after trying

unsuccessfully to solicit Hatsumi, Clarissa turned to Suimei.

“As for Suimei-sama and company, I would like you to remain silent

and look the other way, but...”

“I refuse.”

“I suspected as much.”

As they showed clear hostility towards her, Clarissa simply nodded like

she understood.

“You didn’t exactly have to ask, Clara. The answer was pretty obvious.

Eanru reported he was a relative of the hero’s. There was no question that

he would oppose us here.”

“It was just in case.”

Clarissa calmly replied to Jillbert’s frankness before turning back to

Suimei and the others.

“Well then, I shall be Lefille-san’s opponent.”

“Sorry.”

“There is no need for that, Jill. If you would, please take care of Suimei-

sama and the rest.”

Immediately after they decided how they’d be dividing the fight, more

cultists began appearing from the alleyways perfectly on cue. Seeing that

they were now surrounded, Suimei’s group formed a circle with their backs

to each other.

“If they’re that asshole dragon’s companions, then we can’t be careless.”

“You’re right. So what’s the plan?”

“First, we should create an escape path so that we can get away safely

no matter what happens. As for who should do what...”

“The nun has already declared her intent to fight me.”

“Please be careful... Lefille. She is likely... a therianthrope... of the liger

clan.”

“The liger clan, you say? I thought so...”

Lefille and Liliana seemed to be on the same page. Felmenia was also

making a sour face upon hearing their exchange.

“Hey, what’s this about a liger clan?” Suimei asked.

“They’re the ancestors of all feline therianthropes. And of all the beast

races, it’s no exaggeration to say that they’re the strongest,” Felmenia

replied.

“Wuh, seriously...?”

“First a dragonnewt and now this...”

Upon learning they were faced with yet another powerful opponent, both

Suimei and Hatsumi sounded disheartened. In stark contrast, Lefille

sounded ready for battle.

“A worthy opponent then,” she bared her fangs and muttered fearlessly.

Suimei then took a look around at the cult members surrounding them.

“We should do something about the white robes first. Menia, please

keep an eye on Jillbert.”

“Understood.”

As Suimei and the others were busy discussing their plans, the cultists

were slowly closing in. When Lefille leaped out towards Clarissa, Clarissa

put her hands into her opposing sleeves.

A hidden weapon.

Having such a premonition, Lefille put herself on guard. But when

Clarissa took her hands out, there was only red and yellow powder that

almost resembled paint pigment on her fingers. Rolling up her sleeves,

Clarissa drew sharp lines with her fingers along her face and arms in a

peculiar pattern.

“That’s...”

Suimei squinted at it, feeling he’d seen the pattern somewhere before.

And just as he started to think he must be mistaken, Clarissa finished her

ritual. Sharp claws extended from her fingers and her canines grew out long

enough to reach her chin. Seeing her transformation, Hatsumi and Suimei

both raised their voices in shock.

“A saber-toothed tiger?”

“Hey, a Smilodon ain’t no cat...”

As the two of them stared in wonder, ferocious mana began stirring

around Clarissa. It was like a predator’s bloodthirst had manifested in the

air, which reminded Suimei of something he had seen before.

“Totemism...”

“I am surprised you know it.”

Clarissa had clearly heard Suimei’s quiet mutter, and confirmed his

suspicions with a smile. Suimei’s expression, meanwhile, was quite stiff.

“That’s my line. How do you know that kinda thing, Sister?”

“Regarding that... Let’s just say it’s a secret.”

“Shit, there really is something behind all you guys...”

As Suimei groaned bitterly, Lefille—Clarissa’s opponent—called out to

him.

“Suimei-kun, what is that?!”

“Totemism is a technique categorized under sensory magicka in my

world! Using various symbolic items, it allows the user to mimic the power

of flora and fauna! In her case, she’s probably receiving divine protection

from the face and body paint she just used! In most cases, the power in

question comes from beasts, but...”

“You’re saying she’s receiving power from the liger clan’s ancestral

beast, the saber-toothed tiger, right?”

By “ancestral beast,” Lefille was referring to the animal that a

therianthrope’s features were derived from. Clarissa likely possessed great

instinctual power to begin with, but using totemism, that power was

enhanced several times over. Just based on the fact that she was a

therianthrope, there was no mistaking that she had a close relation to her

ancestral beast and its symbols. All it took was a ritual to activate its power

within her.

“Totemism is magicka from my world, but because the principle of the

spell is quite primitive, it isn’t impossible that it’s been established in this

world. But... you see the problem, right?”

“Just now, Sister recognized the name Suimei-dono used for it—a term

that comes from your world. In other words...”

It meant Clarissa—or rather, Clarissa’s group—had some sort of

connection to the world Suimei was from. It made him think back to

Romeon’s case. There was something there. Something like a dark shadow

flickering around these people.

Lefille and Clarissa wasted no time squaring off.

“Clarissa Liger. Here I come.”

“Oh spirits that reside within my body, answer my call...”