same. She would leave support to him on the rear line while she acted as the

vanguard. It was a solid plan for a mage and swordsman duo. However,

Suimei seemed to think otherwise.

“No. Not this time. Step back,” he said sharply without so much as

turning to look at her.

“What are you saying? Aren’t you acting like this exactly because he’s

an intimidating opponent? So wouldn’t it be better to fight together?”

“...”

“Hey, Yakagi!”

“...Yeah, he’s an intimidating opponent all right. The kind that dredges

up the worst possible memories for me.”

After practically shouting in his ear out of irritation, she realized

something from Suimei’s trembling voice. He wasn’t rubbing his fingers

together out of restlessness. No, it was out of pure fear.

“Are you that scared?”

“Yeah, I am. You see, it was a dragon back then too.”

“Wait, do you mean when your father...”

“That’s right. We won that day, so I didn’t think I’d ever have to go

through this again, but I was naive. And just at the thought that I might lose

someone else, I can’t stop shaking.”

The reason Suimei was sweating and quaking in fear wasn’t because he

was faced with a strong opponent. It was because he was faced with a deep-

seated fear of loss. Rather than fearing defeat, he was afraid of what that

defeat would cost him. But Hatsumi thought that was all the more reason

for them to fight together. And as she was silently conveying that thought to

him...

“No, it’s fine. Leave this one to me. This guy is different from that

demon. He’s on a completely different level. If you still had your memories,

it would be one thing. But if you can’t pull all of the Kuchiba techniques

and dharani out from the depths of your mind, this guy will be far too much

for you to handle.”

“But even so...”

“I only fought against those demons earlier, but you’ve been fighting all

day, haven’t you? There was the incident at the fortress, and you had to

defend yourself the whole time you were retreating. So even if you think

you’re fine, your concentration is worn out.”

“That’s not...”

“True,” is what she was going to say, but Suimei cut her off.

“That’s my line. Now, seriously, how long has it been since you’ve taken

your eyes off him?”

It wasn’t until he said that that Hatsumi realized it herself—she’d been

completely focused on their conversation. If Eanru made a move while they

were talking, she would have been slow to react. She might have even

fallen to the first blow of the fight. And the simple fact that she couldn’t

properly keep her guard up anymore told her that Suimei was right. Biting

her lip, she relented. Without saying anything more, Suimei stepped

forward. He looked like a knight in shining armor ready to protect her.

She had more to say, but the words would hardly leave her mouth. As

soon as she went to speak, her lips unconsciously shut tightly. It was the

sight of the boy in front of her that had stolen her voice.

That manly figure shielding her from the fight looked just like what

she’d seen so many times in her dreams. He was just much, much smaller

then. But even so, he’d always looked manly to her. That hadn’t changed.

“Ah...”

Indeed, this was just like her dreams—the memories she would recall

while she was sleeping. He was always stepping forward to protect her from

an incoming threat. This was the same boy she’d aspired to be like. He’d

smiled so gently at her when he stood up to that dog. It was a small act of

kindness, but a priceless one in her eyes. And thinking back on it, she

recalled something important.

I hated being the one who always needed protecting. Isn’t that why I

became stronger?

“U-Urgh...”

At the sudden pain in her head, her knees buckled. There was a noise

like a clap of thunder in her mind, and the next thing she heard was the

sound of her knees hitting the ground. Perhaps suddenly recalling part of

her memories had put a strain on her mind and body. But the question that

had caused the shock in the first place had vanished into the ether. The next

thing she knew, Suimei was talking to her.

“Hatsumi? What’s wrong? Are you alright?”

“Y-Yeah, it’s nothing.”

“Then get back... I’m begging you.”

His pleading voice, though quiet, weighed heavily on her. It wasn’t his

words that were particularly compelling, but rather the desperate tone of his

voice. Against that, she couldn’t argue. Silently nodding back to him,

Hatsumi drew back. As she did, Suimei finally looked a little relieved. And

after she got a fair distance away, he turned his attention back towards

Eanru.

“You sure waited for us patiently.”

“It wouldn’t be interesting to take you out with a surprise attack after all

this buildup, would it? To thoroughly enjoy a fight, it’s only proper to wait

for it to begin fairly.”

“Yeah, I don’t get you at all. Despite having a mission you seemed so

intent on, you’re just completely neglecting it.”

“No matter what battles a warrior may be forced to face, the fighting

itself must be done in a warrior’s own style—no matter the cost. Is that not

the case for you?”

Eanru spoke in a dignified tone, but Suimei kept up his provoking

attitude.

“Magicians always try and catch their opponents off guard. Testing each

other out is one thing, but in a fight to the death, there ain’t no such thing as

fair and square.”

“So attacking an unguarded enemy is your style, is it? Certainly, that is

similar to those mages who are unable to fight head-on. However, is that

something you should be revealing before a fight?”

“Chew on it. Be wary of any and everything coming from me.”

As Suimei went from quaking in his boots to baring his fangs, strange

things began happening. Perhaps as evidence of the extreme instability of

physical laws here, the air around him crackled with flashes of blue light

here and there. Debris and soot floated up into the air and vanished as arcs

of electricity bounced between them. And then everything started shaking.

Hatsumi instinctively crouched to the ground like she would have during a

severe earthquake. But standing tall amidst all the chaos was Suimei.

“Archiatius overload.”

Without being drowned out by the thunderous shaking, a chant with a

mysterious echo to it rang in the air. Mere moments later, a rush of mana

burst forth from Suimei’s body. A powerful shockwave followed, as though

there had been an actual explosion.

Hatsumi stabbed the tip of her sword in the ground and used it to

support herself as she endured the blast. From her squinting eyes, she could

see Suimei leap into the sky. Perhaps he was using magic that allowed him

to fly, because he seemed to be able to freely control his movements in the

air. After stabilizing himself like he’d flapped his imaginary wings in the

wind a few times, from what Hatsumi could see, he came to a stop.

Seeing all this too, Eanru smiled, apparently amused at such an

interesting technique. Even with his opponent claiming air superiority over

him, he still seemed to have plenty of composure. Any ordinary combatant

would have been at a considerable disadvantage under such circumstances,

but just as Suimei had said, Eanru was on a completely different level.

Common sense didn’t apply here.

“What excellent mana. The last time my heart throbbed so much was

back against the Man-Eating Evil.”

Eanru smirked, and then, as if the two of them had arranged it

beforehand, they both called out to each other.

“Here I go!”

“Come!”

As Eanru and Suimei’s voices overlapped, the curtain raised on their

battle.

The first thing Hatsumi really saw was that Suimei completely defied

her expectations. Based on the way they’d fought together earlier, she

assumed he would try and keep his distance and make this a long-range

firefight. It would be the safest, smartest thing for a mage.

But it was hardly the strategy Suimei chose. Though he could have

easily targeted Eanru from the air with magic, he closed in on Eanru before

firing a single spell. He was throwing away every advantage he had.

Despite having more combat experience than him, she couldn’t understand

what was going through his head.

It looked like he was just randomly zipping through the air this way and

that. He would even sporadically land, but then immediately leap into the

air again and do it all over. He would change course suddenly midair,

fluttering briefly in place before tearing off in a different direction with no

rhyme or reason. It was like he was trying to bewilder his opponent.

Meanwhile, Eanru was conducting himself with aplomb. At this rate, he

could be attacked from any direction at any time. Knowing that, he kept on

his toes. Every time Suimei entered one of his blind spots, he would

immediately dodge accordingly. On top of that, Suimei was hammering him

with low-powered magic to try and keep him in place, but it seemed to have

no effect. Even when he took it head-on, there was hardly even a change in

his expression.

And then there were his counterattacks. Waiting for Suimei, who was

constantly firing short-range magic and drawing nearer, Eanru would leap

for him the moment he landed. He moved with all the sharpness of a bird of

prey diving on its target. He would come in from above like a flash of green

lightning, only regaining human form right before he was about to strike. It

was like he was some kind of storm god. This exchange repeated many

times, and finally, the green bolt looked like it was just about to catch

Suimei.

“Tch!”

As Suimei clicked his tongue, he snapped his fingers. The air in front of

the approaching bolt exploded, but the bolt passed right through it

unfettered. Before Eanru’s far too speedy attack, Suimei had no time to spin

any words together. And without even a protective spell to shield him,

Suimei took Eanru’s open palm completely defenseless.

Just as expected, its destructive power was tremendous. Suimei, like a

pinball launched by a spring-loaded plunger, was sent flying all the way to

the distant line of trees that Eanru’s opening roar hadn’t devastated.

Watching all this unfold, Hatsumi audibly gasped. If Suimei didn’t land

properly, it would be fatal. But there was far more to Eanru’s attack than

that. The moment Suimei crashed into the ground, the surrounding

darkwood trees and even the earth beneath him were turned to mere pulp.

“You’re kidding...”

Hatsumi could hardly believe what she’d just seen. How could the boy

who’d always saved her without fail be so easily defeated? Obstinately

refusing to give in to despair, she stared hard into the cloud of dust and dirt

that had been kicked up by the impact where he landed. But even when it

settled, there was only destruction to be seen.

“YAKAGI!”

“Don’t scream like that. I’m alive.”

“Huh...?”

In response to her aggrieved cry, she heard an unexpected voice coming

from an unexpected direction. When she turned towards it, standing there

holding his stomach and leaning forward a bit... was Suimei. It looked like

he was using magic to heal himself. Sweat was pouring from his brow, and

a pale green light was coming out of the hand he had placed over his

abdomen.

“Hmph. I thought I managed to get you with that one though,” remarked

Eanru.

“As expected, you can use the draconic eye, huh...?” replied Suimei.

“‘As expected’ should be my line. Knowing that, you moved around to

try and escape my sight. Though, isn’t it a little careless for you to stop to

heal your wounds in the middle of battle?”

Eanru boldly offered a word of warning, but Suimei seemed

unconcerned.

“I wonder. I’ll let you be the judge of that.”

“Ngh—?!”

As Suimei sneered at Eanru, for some reason, Eanru let out a puzzled

groan. He staggered, and then shook his head like he was trying to shake

something off of it. Hatsumi couldn’t tell what had happened. If anything, it

looked like he’d been struck with a sudden dizzy spell or case of vertigo.

But as she was trying to figure it out, she suddenly realized something.