the roof. For her to remain so gracious in a situation like this really rubbed

Lefille the wrong way.

“However,” Clarissa scoffed, “if you obsess over such pride—which is

useless as shit—it’ll stick to you like a stain. There’s not the tiniest amount

of merit in dying in vain like a piece of trash.”

What she said was completely unthinkable in light of her usual

courteous attitude, which had suddenly become vulgar and seething. It was

as if it was all to say, “You misunderstand.” Lefille felt a chill run down her

spine. But it seemed Clarissa was done with chitchat there. She then leaped

off the roof in a flash and headed directly towards Lefille.

Her speed easily surpassed that of a beast and couldn’t be followed by

the naked eye. She bolted across the ground like a sword cutting through

the air. She passed by Lefille’s flank and attacked—Lefille couldn’t actually

tell whether it was with her claws or fangs.

“Ugh...”

All Lefille could see was her afterimage, which she chased with her

sword. However, because she was unable to properly perceive her

opponent, her slashes were all reckless. Each wild strike had enough power

behind it to kill, but a sword that was just swung around in hopes of hitting

its target never actually would.

“Hah!”

Trying to predicting the path of the afterimage, Lefille thrust out her

sword clad in red wind again and again. But no matter how many times she

did, her blade only ever cut through the air. Repeated failure frustrated her,

a sense of panic welling in her chest. At this rate, she would lose. As that

thought crossed her mind, Lefille tried to shake off the doubt in her heart.

She simply couldn’t accept defeat. She had promised herself she would

never lose again.

“In that case...!”

If she couldn’t hit, she just had to make it so that she could. Even if it

meant sacrificing a finger to save the hand, so to speak. She would ignore

the immediate consequences and hang everything on the exact moment she

knew her slash would connect. She just had to make sure it was a killing

blow. Resolving herself, Lefille opened herself to the attack lunging at her

and brought her sword down with all her might.

“HAAAAAAAAH!”

However...

“Too naive.”

She missed. As she sensed that something had slipped in close to her, a

reproachful voice was thrown at her.

“Guah!”

And then, Lefille was blown away by the shock that assaulted her. She

could see that she was being struck with an elbow and managed to twist at

the last second to avoid a strike to any of her vital areas, but she still

suffered the full brunt of the attack. It sent her tumbling across the ground.

She could hear Felmenia and the others screaming as well as Jillbert’s angry

shouting. Her consciousness faded for a moment, but determined not to

faint here, she reeled it back with sheer willpower and used the force of her

tumbling to spring back up.

“As one would expect of the Shrine Maiden of Spirits, I see.”

“Tch...”

Clarissa swept her claws to the side as if shaking the blood off of them

and began walking forward in a calm manner. She was simply overflowing

with surplus composure. In contrast, it was Lefille who’d lost her cool,

which only felt—painfully—like it drove home Clarissa’s earlier point.

Suddenly, a magicka circle drew itself on the ground. Seeing that

familiar scene, Lefille, Felmenia, and the others clenched their jaws and

readied themselves. However, what eventually emerged from the circle was

none other than the one who’d fallen into it earlier: Suimei.

“I don’t know who the hell it was, but they sure fucking did it...”

Down on one knee, Suimei appeared while quietly and profanely

expressing his anger. He had changed into his black suit, but didn’t seem to

be injured in any way. Seeing this, Lefille called out to him.

“Suimei-kun, you’re safe...”

“Yeah... Hey, are you alright, Lefi?!”

“Somehow or other...” she managed to say with a meager, forced smile.

“But it’s probably fair to say that I was defeated.”

Kicking up dust as her feet slid along the ground, Clarissa was closing in

on Lefille. As Lefille spoke in an irritated tone, she glanced bitterly at her

from the corner of her eye.

Judging that Lefille was no longer able to move, Suimei covered for her.

Clarissa seemed to be quite wary of engaging with him, however, and

jumped back to put a large distance between them rather than continuing

her attack. While she was biding her time, Suimei called out to the others to

check up on them.

“Menia, how’re things on your end?!”

“S-Somehow...”

“Hatsumi!”

“I’ve got my hands full here!”

“Tch...”

Felmenia had deployed protective magicka to defend against Jillbert’s

enormous chain halberd. She couldn’t tell just where the attacks were

coming from since the small dwarf manipulated the weapon midair, so her

barrier extended in every direction. With Liliana’s support behind her, the

two of them were working together to pinpoint the impacts.

As such, they were able to defend successfully, but that was all they

could do. Not too far from them, Hatsumi was swinging her sword, locked

in combat with a small girl in a white robe. It looked like Suimei’s only

option would be to handle their opponents one at a time. Coming to that

conclusion, Suimei conjured his mana.

“Yo, Clara!” Jillbert cried.

“I know!”

Clarissa took her distance from Suimei. Jillbert also returned the axe

head of her halberd to the haft and once more stood next to Clarissa.

“Jill, do not let your guard down. Suimei-sama defeated Romeon, and

even Eanru considers him a worthy opponent.”

“I was wondering what he was up to, but I see now... This ain’t the

‘normal’ him. He’s cast aside that damn mask of his.”

Seeing Suimei’s with her own eyes, Jillbert stuck out her tongue at him.

She and Clarissa both were also brimming with an intense fighting spirit.

Seeing that they were holding nothing back, Suimei returned Jillbert’s

words in kind.

“You don’t have a whole lot of room to talk about hiding behind masks.”

“Well, you got a point there.”

As Jillbert honestly conceded Suimei’s point, Clarissa once more made a

proposal to him.

“Suimei-sama, could you not simply take Lefille-san and the others with

you and withdraw?”

“That’s my line, Sister. I don’t know what you’re trying to do, but

maybe you should just think of another way to do it. How about it?”

“If we could do so...” Jillbert began to answer.

But it was there that the flow of events changed dramatically.

“Clarissa, Jillbert. That is enough. Step back,” a deep, masculine voice

said from on high.

As Suimei looked up into the red sky to locate the source of the voice,

he spied the shadow of a person standing atop the point of a gabled roof.

“Tch, another damn— Hah?”

While he was in the middle of cursing, Suimei realized something

strange. It was sundown. It would be dark before long, but right now the

fiery setting sun was beaming on the whole city. Especially on a rooftop

with no cover, this person’s figure should have been perfectly visible. Yet

nevertheless, the one who had ordered Clarissa and Jillbert to retreat was

nothing more than a hazy silhouette like a mirage.

“Let’s go,” his voice once more urged them.

“Is that alright?”

“The opportunity has passed. If we tarry, unnecessary things will get

involved.”

“What do you mean by—”

Just as Clarissa questioned the mirage man, everyone could hear a

nightingale chirping. And immediately following that, the world shook. It

was a mysterious shaking of the air unlike an earthquake, and the chirping

of the nightingale transformed into the sound let out by an enormous

amount of iron creaking.

“...A mana field vibration with this kind of timing?”

Suimei raised a perplexed voice. As a magician, this shaking was a

phenomenon he was very familiar with, but he couldn’t understand what

had caused it in the current situation. Moreover, comparing it to the shaking

that was born of his own magicka, he was left with a rather unsettling

feeling. Meanwhile, Jillbert raised a shocked voice at the bizarre

phenomenon.

“Wh-What is this?!”

It seemed to be her first encounter with it, leaving her completely

bewildered at the shaking which was altogether different from an

earthquake. The same seemed to be true for Clarissa, who was standing next

to her. She quickly looked around her surroundings while remaining

vigilant of Suimei and the others.

“Calm down, Jillbert, Clarissa.”

“But Gottfried-sama!”

“Nothing is wrong. This is within the range of our assumptions. The

shaking will calm down soon, and things will settle once more.”

And just as the voice said, the shaking did eventually stop. After

confirming that everything had settled down, Felmenia called out to Suimei.

“Suimei-dono! What is this?”

“I don’t even...”

Suimei didn’t have a single clue as to what had caused it. Mana field

vibrations were something that occurred when a high-order existence

manifested, or sometimes even omens of the outbreak of grand magicka.

But it didn’t seem either was the case right now. However, simply the fact

that the phenomenon had occurred was a sign of something. Just what was

it? As Suimei wondered, he suddenly realized what time it was.

“Ah, it’s twilight!”

It was the ambiguous hour between day and night, twilight. It was the

hour it was possible for existences known as beasts of the apocalypse, or

apparitions, to manifest in the physical world. As if to confirm his

suspicions, the sun fell below the horizon and an indigo veil of darkness

slowly crept over the ground. It seemed concentrated in areas, and from

those dark spots, pitch black beasts sprung forth.

“Wh-What are those?!”

The pitch black beasts—apparitions—were sprouting up one after the

other in the area, shocking Hatsumi. Lefille, on the other hand, was

relatively calm and observed the creatures she was unfamiliar with.

“Dogs... No, wolves?”

“They are somehow... quite creepy.”

The pitch black beasts reminded Liliana of the sinful figure and the

sinister being. As they came into sight, she reflexively hid behind Lefille.

Certainly, just as Lefille had muttered, the beasts resembled both dogs

and wolves. Their bodies were as black as could be, but the spots where

eyes should have been were blood red. The shadows seemed to dance and

sway around them. Felmenia stared in wonder at the creatures she had seen

once before.

“These are like the monster that appeared at Castle Camellia that time...

No, that phenomenon, was it? If I remember correctly, they are a

manifestation of twilight syndrome.”

“Yeah, they’re apparitions. The one you saw last time was a B-grade

apparition, and these are a smaller version of that. C-grade ones.”

Magicians called the shadowy part dog, part wolf creatures twilight

syndrome. These in particular were C-grade apparitions. The first time the

phenomenon was observed was in France, and was actually the origin of the

phrase “entre chien et loup,” which established their general concept. The

phrase “between a dog and a wolf” was also a metaphor meaning between

safety and danger, which gave form to the phenomenon itself. It was about

as ironic as it could get.

The behavior of the apparitions had no sense of regularity to it.

Sometimes they simply lurked in the shadows, their red eyes shining.

Sometimes they would howl towards the disappearing sun. Or sometimes,

like now, they would attack. And it wasn’t just Suimei’s group—Jillbert and

Clarissa were not exempt. As the apparitions closed in on them, Jillbert

clicked her tongue.

“Tch, those things are also coming this way.”

“Leave them be, Jillbert. They can only be defeated by sword saints and