Within remnants of his mana still lingering around them, Suimei looked

relieved as if something unexpectedly happy had just happened. Hatsumi

looked back at him as she spoke confidently.

“Suimei, I have a long list of complaints for you, but I’ll at least start

with my gratitude. Thank you.”

She was being a little stubborn, though her gratitude was earnest. But for

some reason, Suimei shuddered.

“Y-Your big brother would like to be spared from being smacked...”

“...You sure can talk, seriously. And since when are you my big

brother?”

“Oh, you know, back in the day...”

“That was then, and this is now! But...”

Saying that, she recalled the memory that had terrified her earlier.

“It was... also a dog back then, wasn’t it?”

“Huh? Oh, huh... Now that you mention it, something like this did

happen, didn’t it? Well, setting that aside...”

As Suimei signaled her to step back with his eyes, she shook her head.

“I hate that. I’m not running away.”

“But...”

“I’ll prevent them from reaching the other side, so you take care of

defeating them.”

She was going to fight too. She wanted to fight at his side. Suimei gave

a resigned sigh, then a fearless smile.

“Leave it to me.”

Hearing those reliable words, Hatsumi set out to do what she had to. She

repelled all the apparitions that were trying to cross the bridge. Knowing

she was unable to defeat them, all she could do was knock them down and

back. As she did, Suimei thrust his hand towards the darkened sky. It

seemed his preparations were complete.

“Intra velum. Noctis lacrimarum potestas. Insigne Olympus et terrae

pingito. Infestato ad irrationabilis veritas. Caecato, pluvia incessabilis. Ea

qui lugent sunt vitium. Ea qui fatentur sunt bonitas. Omne perveniunt ex

luce supra tumultum, ex coruscis stellis.”

[Beneath the curtain. The majesty of the tears shed by the night. Colored

by the symbol of heaven and earth. Infest towards the irrational truth.

Dazzle, incessant rain. Those who lament are evil. Those who confess are

virtuous. Everything comes from that light beyond the chaos, from the

twinkling stars.]

A countless number of magicka circles of all sizes were floating in the

night sky and moved as if they were guns pointing towards their targets.

And then, the moment Suimei let out those last words, “Enth Astrarle,” light

overflowed as far as the eye could see.

And after that light calmed down, the apparitions had vanished without a

trace. Even the black holes in the ground they were coming from had

completely vanished as if they’d never been there in the first place.

The quiet night town returned to its previous state. It was as if

everything that just happened was nothing but a waking dream. The

surroundings had become so calm that it left one to think of it that way.

“It’s over, huh?”

“Yeah.”

As Suimei smiled at Hatsumi, she smiled back. Just with that, she felt

like everything that was important to her had returned. Wondering how

Felmenia and the others were faring, they turned to look. But for some

reason, they were all making a loud fuss. Just what had happened? As they

ran over with a sense of unease, Hatsumi could see Suimei suddenly gaze

off in the direction Clarissa and the others had fled with a severe

expression. And before Hatsumi could call out to him...

“Ars Magna Raimundi... No, that magicka was—”

Suimei’s mutter echoed into the dark night sky.

★

Because their hero had been targeted, the Alliance was busy cleaning up

the aftermath. But because they’d predicted that much, most of the chaos

was limited to the riot caused by the Anti-Goddess cult.

Speaking of, not a single one of its members was apprehended after the

incident. After Clarissa and the others disappeared, the cult members also

seemed to have disappeared back into the alleyways and the shadows of

buildings where they had come from.

To the Alliance, such a disturbance was completely unprecedented, but it

had been particularly trying for Suimei and the others. Naturally, the reason

for that was because their opponents had been Clarissa and Jillbert.

Just a few days ago, they’d had a friendly exchange with both women.

They had only known them for a short time, but Suimei owed them both a

great deal. Lefille even considered Jillbert a close friend. They all had

strong emotions about what had happened. It seemed a cruel twist of fate. It

wasn’t like Suimei and the others didn’t understand the world could be

harsh, but being betrayed like that was never easy.

And so, several days after their battle with Clarissa’s group, Suimei,

Felmenia, and Liliana were visiting Hatsumi’s room in Miazen’s palace to

bid her farewell.

Selphy was also there, but having come to an understanding about

Hatsumi’s relationship with her new friends, she took the guards that were

present with her as she left. She was likely being tactful in case they were

going to talk about things that they didn’t want others to hear.

After everyone settled into chairs, what awaited Suimei was an incessant

trickle of dissatisfied complaints from Hatsumi. Asking about why he kept

silent about being a magician, she frankly showed her discontent as she

grumbled about how he never told her what he was up to. This lasted quite a

while, leaving Suimei feeling rather defeated.

Since her memories returned, a great deal of stress came with them. And

after taking a short rest, she frankly cut right back into complaining, but

Felmenia stepped in to stop her with a forced smile.

“U-Um, Hatsumi-dono? How about you leave running Suimei-dono into

the ground at that?”

“What? I’m only halfway through my list.”

“All that... was only half... you say?”

Hearing her talk like she hadn’t unleashed her true fury yet, Liliana

shuddered. Meanwhile, Suimei had already hit his breaking point. He was

making an expression like Munch’s The Scream as he apologized nonstop.

“Everything is my fault, so please let me off around here...”

“I suppose. It’s also true that you couldn’t help some of it, so I’ll let you

get off with just this much today.”

It seemed that she’d gotten the bare minimum off her chest for now. As

the atmosphere in the room calmed down, Suimei tried talking to her again.

“...So, how are you Hatsumi? Do you feel better after regaining your

memories?”

“Mm. Well, I’ve still got the memories from when I had amnesia, so it

feels a little weird altogether, but I’ve got a better grip of the situation I’m

in now.”

Part of the reason she could speak so calmly on the subject now was

because she knew there was a possibility she could return home. That alone

cured a great deal of her anxiety.

“Hatsumi, since you’ve gotten your memories back, I’ll ask you one

more time... Do you want to come along with us?”

“No... I still can’t do that. I said it last time, but I jumped into this fight

on my own. I can’t quit now.”

“Even if nothing can be done?”

“Suimei, you said it yourself a little while back, didn’t you? If the

instructor saw me as I was, I would be punished. If I ran away for fear of

my own safety, my dad would kill me.”

Hatsumi smiled as she talked. She had no misgivings about this. It was

precisely because she regained her memories that she was able to follow

through on her beliefs with such conviction. As long as she decided to

follow the path she was on, there was no need for hesitation in walking

forward.

“I see. I figured you’d say that.”

“You’re not going to bring me along by force?”

“I’ll respect your decision. Besides, I think I’ll be able to bring you back

good news soon.”

“Have you figured something?!”

“I might be on the verge of a breakthrough. For now, I need to go back

to my base in the Empire, organize the information I gained here, and start

on trials for the spell... If that damn Eanru hadn’t blown away the ruins, I

would have been able to solve it all while I was in the Alliance, though.”

“I see...”

Hearing that it would still take time, a slight amount of disappointment

showed on Hatsumi’s face. The same would probably be true for Reiji and

Mizuki.

“I know you probably don’t have any intent on returning until the

demons in the northern Alliance territories are defeated, but... Well, if the

spell is completed, it should be fine to visit home for a bit, right?”

“Yeah, I’m sure everyone is worried. Also...”

“Also?”

She made a stern expression like there was something else serious that

needed to be considered. Suimei immediately asked her about it, but she

answered as if it should have been completely obvious.

“Attendance records, you know. Attendance records. We haven’t been

going to school, right?”

“If that’s all, I’ll take care of it somehow when we get back.”

“How?”

“Heh... I’m a magician, you know?”

As he implied that he would make it work out skillfully, Hatsumi frankly

made an unpleasant expression.

“Ugh, you’re the worst... You’re totally planning on using magicka to

slide by. Ugggh...”

“What? You want to repeat the year? I don’t really care either way, you

know...”

“H-Hmm... that would also be bad, wouldn’t it?”

“Then it’s fine, isn’t it?”

As Hatsumi looked at him like he should be ashamed, Suimei closed up

the conversation with a quip. Felmenia was the next to raise a question.

“It seems that things have been decided with regards to your return, but,

Hatsumi-dono, will you be alright concerning those who are targeting you?”

“You mean that nun’s group?”

“Yes. As long as they claim to need the hero, I am sure there is a

possibility that they will attack again. That being the case...”

What would she do? Really, as long as she couldn’t run away to her own

world, it was a danger that would exist. They could attack anywhere at any

time. Echoing Felmenia’s concerns, Suimei spoke up.

“Hatsumi, honestly speaking, what do you think?”

“It’ll be difficult. This time we somehow got through because you and

the others were there, but with that kind of ability... A swordsman would

need to be about as strong as dad to compete against them.”

“Sounds about right, yeah...”

Suimei recalled the fight from the other day. From what he witnessed of

Clarissa and Jillbert’s abilities, Lefille, Felmenia, and Hatsumi were all

overpowered in battle. The hero’s power was an unknown factor, but on top

of Clarissa and Jillbert, they had Eanru in the woodwork somewhere. Then

there was the mirage man who Suimei thought was responsible for sending

him to the spirit world.

If they all came at once, it was difficult to imagine that even a hero

could win against them. However, Hatsumi seemed to have something else

in mind...

“I can’t win, but I think I’ll be able to run away. I have my memories

back, after all.”

Her expression showed a level of confidence that hadn’t been there

before. Certainly, now that her memories had returned, Hatsumi was

stronger than she was without them. Clarissa and Jillbert were both skilled,

but if she devoted herself to running away, she should be able to escape

them without trouble. The magician on their side, however, was a different

matter. Suimei was unable to say unconditionally that it would be possible

to escape him.

“I’ll complete the spell to return back home as fast as I can. If I do, we

could use it for refuge if things get bad.”

“I kind of hate just running away, though...”

“What are we gonna do? That guy’s stupid strong.”

“Mm... I don’t know much about magicians, but if you say so, then I

believe you.”

After seeing him fight Eanru, Hatsumi recognized Suimei’s strength.

Before long, their conversation came to an end, and they parted ways

with brief farewells. Suimei and the others left Hatsumi’s room, but