“So, Faylia-san, how do we use this... as a weapon?”

“I also do not really know, but when the hero changed it from an

ornament to a weapon, he held it in his hand and recited something. It was

likely an incantation to awaken the Sacrament, but...”

“Do you know it?”

“My apologies,” said Faylia, bowing deeply.

“Did you not hear it?” asked Titania.

“I did hear it, but I could not decipher it. They seemed to be words only

the user could understand.”

“Doesn’t that mean no one else can use the Sacrament, then?”

“I was told that someone worthy of wielding it would know. Why don’t

you just try holding it to start with?”

With that, Faylia picked up the Sacrament and walked over to Reiji. If

he was worthy, he would know. In other words, the weapon would choose

him. Whether the weapon had a will of its own or whether it could only be

used by wielders who met certain conditions, Reiji didn’t know. But as

Faylia suggested, he would have to take it in his hands to find out for

himself. As he stepped forward to receive it from Faylia, Mizuki suddenly

spoke up.

“Reiji-kun!”

“What’s up?”

“I was hoping that, you know... I could give it a try first.”

“Wha... WHAT?!”

“Is that a no?”

“Uh... Well, I don’t really mind, but...”

Though he said that, he was actually reluctant to do so considering

Mizuki’s previous criminal record. In other words, her chuunibyou phase.

But when she got his permission, Mizuki shouted for joy. Graziella

approached Reiji as he smiled bitterly.

“Is this alright?”

“Well, if I don’t let her, she’ll just pout.”

“And what if she’s granted ownership?”

“Then... we’ll just need her to try her best, right?”

“Heh, you came here seeking power. If that power becomes Mizuki’s,

it’ll be quite an embarrassment for you.”

“You sound like you’re way too amused at that prospect.”

“It will make for a funny story.”

Graziella was smiling, but Titania had a grave expression on her face as

she walked over.

“Your Imperial Highness, do you intend to make a laughingstock of

Reiji-sama?”

“What a scary face, Your Royal Highness. It’s because you make faces

like that that Reiji is frightened of you, no?”

“What?! Reiji-sama does not find me frightening!”

“Yeah, I never said that...”

Titania then realized that she was being taken for a ride by Graziella.

“Your Imperial Highness!”

“Hey, you guys! Don’t forget about me! I’m about to awaken a

legendary weapon here! Watch!”

After stamping her foot because nobody was paying attention to her,

Mizuki did a complete one-eighty. She began laughing creepily like she was

a villain about to lay her hands on a treasure that would help her conquer

the world. It was rather foreboding, but Faylia watched over her with a

warm smile. She looked like a doting mother watching a child play hero.

And then, as Mizuki took the Sacrament from Faylia...

“Heh heh heh! Oh Sacrament, heed my call!” she shouted, lifting it up to

the sky. “Recognize me! Me, and me alone! Hnnnnngh! Hnnnnngh!”

Even as she held it aloft and implored the relic to respond to her, the

Sacrament did nothing. And so the potential disaster of Mizuki regressing

back to her chuunibyou days was averted. She looked mortified. Her cheeks

puffed out and on the verge of tears, she huddled up into a nook next to the

pedestal.

“Now it’s Reiji-sama’s turn.”

“Right.”

Urged on by Titania, Reiji retrieved the Sacrament from Mizuki. It was

about the size of his palm. Since it was made of metal, it was somewhat

cold to the touch. But as he held it in his hand, he could sense some sort of

power from it. It was a mysterious pulsation—not quite heat and not quite

the sensation of mana.

Just looking at it, I can feel its power swelling...

This object in his hand was sparkling with a brilliant radiance—the light

of hope. No matter how far into the depths of despair they were, this would

give those who looked upon it the power to live another day. It was the

beautiful blue light that showed the way to tomorrow. Now, Reiji would

summon its power and make it his own. And then, with that power, he

would defeat the demons and restore peace to this world.

But the words needed to make that happen didn’t come to him. Maybe if

he opened his mouth... Trusting in that hunch, Reiji lifted up the Sacrament

and opened his mouth. And just as he did...

Suddenly, directly behind them at the entrance to the grotto, there was a

loud booming that shook the entire cave. Reacting to the shock and the

sound, everyone present turned to look. All they could see for now was a

floating cloud of dust rolling towards them.

To protect themselves, everyone covered their mouths and squinted their

eyes. But before the cloud completely obscured their vision, it split in two

and revealed an outstretched hand. Before long, a whole man emerged.

The tall figure swiped his hand side to side as if he found the cloud of

dust annoying. He had a slender face and crimson lips. There was an

exquisite beauty to him. He might be mistaken for a woman at a glance, but

his bare chest confirmed his manhood. He had coppery rusted chains

wrapped around his arms, legs, and torso. At the tips of his slim fingers, he

had long nails like animal claws. He had fair, white hair much like Faylia,

but unlike an elf, his ears were rounded. To top it all off, his eyes were a

bloody red, which gave him an indescribable, eerie aura.

He turned those haunting eyes on Reiji and the others in an unfeeling

glare. He looked cold, like he barely saw them as living creatures. There

was no compassion in those red eyes. Confronted with them, like his body

was bound by the tension, Reiji was unable to move. But that seemed to be

the going rate. Everyone else stared at this man in surprise, frozen on the

spot. As he looked at them all one by one, Faylia was the first to speak up.

“There should have been a strict order for nobody else to be allowed

through here...”

“There was. That’s why I had to force my way in like this.”

“F-Force your way in...?”

“It’s exactly as it sounds.”

“Who are you, bastard?”

At Graziella’s sudden question, the man abruptly began laughing. He

was smiling like he’d heard something funny, but the scorn in his voice was

undeniable.

“Is something amusing?”

“You would ask my name, offering? A mere meal dares ask my name?”

“M-Meal?”

“That’s right. Every single one of you damn humans is. From the elderly

to wee babes, you’re nothing but free-range pigs. Offerings,” the man

declared this audaciously in an arrogant tone.

This was the kind of nonsense Reiji would ordinarily just laugh off, but

it felt like all too real of a threat right now. This man must be a demon. But

for some reason, Reiji couldn’t sense the power that all demons held

coming from him. No matter how Reiji looked at him, he seemed to be

human. That is, apart from the red light in his eyes and the way he spoke

about humans. Just as Reiji was doubting this man’s identity...

“My name is Ilzarl. I am one of the demon generals who assists Demon

Lord Nakshatra.”

When those words reached their ears, everyone jumped backwards like

they were physically repelled. Even Mizuki, who didn’t have the instincts

of a fighter, had fallen back. They really had been repelled. The cause was

the overpowering fighting spirit that Ilzarl unleashed. But something was

strange. This man still didn’t look like any of them would expect a demon

general to. Perhaps because she was unable to believe his claim, Faylia

began muttering in a search for answers.

“A-A demon general...? No, more importantly, why are you here...?”

But no one would answer her. Her fearful voice was the only sound in

the room. Graziella then looked like she’d recalled something important.

“Wait! Bastard, what happened to those who were guarding the temple?”

“Aah, they’re laid out on the ground here and there. I ate a few of them,

but since I only dealt with most of them haphazardly, there might just be a

few who are still alive.”

“What?!”

“You... ate them?”

Both Titania and Graziella raised startled voices at Ilzarl’s shocking

claim. Seeing their expressions, Ilzarl looked at them like he was having a

hard time understanding their reactions.

“What is there to be surprised about? Did I not just tell you that you’re

all meals?”

“So you’re a demon who eats people?”

“That’s right. Strictly speaking, I’m not a demon... But that is

inconsequential to offerings like you. More importantly, a relic known as

the Sacrament should be here. Where is it?”

Ilzarl’s eyes were sharp. As if being commanded by his gaze, Reiji

looked down at his hands. And when he caught himself doing so, it was too

late. Ilzarl realized what Reiji was holding.

“So that’s it? I heard it was a weapon... Was it just a misunderstanding?

Well, so be it. Hand the Sacrament over to me.”

“No. I won’t let you have it.”

With those words, Reiji pulled out his orichalcum blade and stepped

forward.

“You would stand against me, offering?” Ilzarl asked, looking down his

nose.

“I am a hero. My name is Reiji,” he boldly declared, taking another step

forward.

“Oh, so you’re one of the damned heroes, are you? Now that you

mention it, I can feel some of the Goddess’s power from you.”

Reiji was surprised that he could sense such a thing. But it was what

Ilzarl said next that truly shook him.

“However, in that state, you are still far too plain for my tastes. As a

meal, you’re underripe,” he muttered.

Shivers ran down Reiji’s spine—it was the natural fear of predators that

all living beings instinctually possessed. Even though this man appeared

human himself, he really was looking at Reiji and the others like they were

nothing but food. Rajas had been strong, certainly, and Reiji had felt fear

when he faced him too... but this was completely different.

Reiji was reminded of monsters he saw in storybooks as a child. Such

illustrations were often comical in many ways, but for some reason, there

had always been one thing that struck genuine fear into his heart—the

monsters that ate people. And that fear was surfacing now. Even though he

was facing a man, his prey instincts were screaming. While Reiji was seized

in place as he trembled lightly, Titania began to move.

“Reiji-sama, I will support you!”

“I got it... Mizuki, fall back as far as you can! This demon is

dangerous!”

“O-Okay!”

After confirming that Mizuki had fallen back, Reiji stared down Ilzarl’s

intimidating aura. He could then hear a beautiful voice chanting behind

him.

“Oh Wood. Admonish and pressure my enemy. Serpent born from the

great forest, obey my will and senselessly obliterate the strong. Solid Snake

Constriction.”

Suddenly, the ground around Ilzarl’s feet swelled up. Tree trunks like

thick, twisting vines of ivy burst from the earth and spread out. It looked

like magic of the wood attribute. The thick vines wriggled about like snakes

as they entangled Ilzarl’s arms, feet, and torso. It was quite a powerful spell.

The vines continued to grow. Not only were they entangling their target,

they seemed intent on crushing him. To shake off so many of them would

be difficult. And eventually, the thick, woody vines tangled together to form

what looked like one solid, massive tree trunk. Ilzarl was nowhere to be

seen in it. And as for the caster of the spell...

“Faylia-san?!”

“I will fight too. I will provide support, so while you have the chance—”

“If that is what you call support, your assistance can’t even be compared

to shit. Did you really think mere plants would do anything to me?”