That exasperated mumble hung in the air. The person who said it should

have been entombed within the giant tree... but not a moment after Ilzarl

spoke, a clap of thunder ripped through the cave as a flash of red lightning

burst forth from inside of the tree, tearing it apart. From its remains, Ilzarl

stepped forward while leisurely rubbing his neck. It did indeed look like

Faylia’s powerful spell had done nothing to him at all.

“Wha—?”

“It had no effect...”

Faylia’s surprised gasp and Reiji’s panicked voice overlapped. Ilzarl,

meanwhile, was standing there after being released from the spell, wearing

a tired expression like he was being forced to do a job he found to be rather

tedious.

“I’ll start with you.”

“What...?”

As Ilzarl’s piercing gaze fell on Faylia, he swung the thick copper chain

that was wrapped around his torso. It whipped through the air with ease, as

if immune to its own mass and the laws of physics, and flew at Faylia

together with a red bolt of lightning.

“Oh wood. Clad yourself in sprouting power and become my shield!

Little Forest Bunker!”

Right in front of Faylia, multiple trees sprouted like pillars and shot

diagonally upward. Not only were they thick and heavy, but they were

densely packed with mana. It made them far stronger than they appeared to

the naked eye. And inclined at a forward angle, they were exceptional when

it came to defending against frontal attacks. Or at least, they were supposed

to be.

“As I already said, mere plants will do nothing.”

The chain entwined with red lightning smashed through the line of trees

like a fence made of toothpicks. It flew forward past the wreckage,

wrapping around Faylia and binding her completely. It all happened in the

blink of an eye. She didn’t even have any time to react. And once she was

entangled in the chain, Ilzarl jerked it back, easily lifting Faylia up into the

air as he swung her around, scrubbing the stone walls with her before

finally flinging her aside. Faylia bounced off the wall so hard that she came

flying back towards Reiji and the others like a rubber ball.

“Faylia-san, no way...”

“F-Faylia-san!”

Mizuki quickly rushed over to her side and began casting restoration

magic on her. Ilzarl, however, was doing nothing. It was like he was waiting

for them to bite back at him. There was no reason to ask why. There was

enough of a gap between their abilities that Ilzarl could easily attack

anytime he wanted to. There was not a shadow of doubt in his mind about

his victory.

He simply stood there, as composed as ever. Next, it was Reiji who

stepped forward. Shuffling his feet a little at a time, he slowly closed the

distance between them. But even then, Ilzarl didn’t appear engaged in the

slightest. After shuffling all the way into striking range, Reiji unleashed a

swift downward slash like a lighting strike. He was aiming for Ilzarl’s

shoulder, but...

“How light.”

“Wha?!”

Unfazed, Ilzarl raised his left arm and used it like a shield to bring

Reiji’s orichalcum blade to a complete stop. And despite taking the strike to

his bare, unprotected arm, he wasn’t even bleeding. Reiji hadn’t held

anything back. He’d struck with all of his might, but it hadn’t so much as

penetrated skin. Even Rajas had had to cloak himself in his dark demonic

power to repel Reiji’s blade. Yet Ilzarl had done it with nothing but a sneer.

Witnessing this unprecedented event with his own two eyes, Reiji was

frozen in place for a moment in shock. And in that moment, Ilzarl’s right

hand reached out and loomed over Reiji. No, more precisely, his nails did.

Those talons that looked sharp enough to be used as blades then swooped

down on Reiji, and he promptly held up his orichalcum sword.

“G-Guh...!”

Ilzarl’s nails came to a stop a hair’s breadth from Reiji. Reiji had caught

Ilzarl’s hand with his blade, but when he did, a terrifying shockwave of

power blew right through and past him, kicking up a cloud of dust like a

squall in its wake. If it weren’t for the divine protection from the hero

summoning, he would have been blown up against the wall by it—fatally

so.

“So you can react. Despite being so weak, you put up such a futile

struggle...”

“N-Not yet...”

Ilzarl took advantage of his height and pushed down. His arms were

unbelievably, dreadfully strong. Caught between them and the ground,

Reiji’s body began creaking. His bones were ominously groaning like they

were about to crack. His feet began sinking into the grotto floor.

He couldn’t escape. He couldn’t even deflect the power of Ilzarl’s arms

to the side. It was just too much, and it took all his effort simply to endure

it. Boiling sweat poured down Reiji’s brow, far more unpleasant than any

cold sweat he’d ever been in.

When he paid attention, he could sense mana swelling up behind him. It

was Titania. However, perhaps because it wasn’t especially powerful, Ilzarl

didn’t even shift his gaze. No, he kept his indifferent eyes locked on Reiji.

Titania fired off her wind magic, and even though it struck Ilzarl directly, he

relented nothing. Seeing her spell play out fruitlessly, Titania let out a bitter

groan.

“Ugh, magic is practically useless...”

“I’ll handle him. Your Royal Highness, go save Reiji.”

“Tch... Understood.”

After Titania acknowledged her plan, Graziella stepped forward and

tried a spell of her own.

“Oh Earth. Thou art the crystallization of my tyranny. Take hold of

unyielding power and smash my foe to pieces. Become a monument that

shall extol a glorious death.”

Graziella’s dauntless chant resounded through the grotto. Before he

knew it, Reiji caught sight of Titania’s figure closing in. Her hands were

hidden behind her back as she ran towards him.

“Tia?!”

“Reiji-sama! Summon all your strength and ward him off! Leave the rest

to me!”

“S-Sure!”

Unwaveringly heeding Titania’s instructions, Reiji put all his strength

into pushing Ilzarl’s hand to the side. The instant he did, Titania took him

by the torso and pushed him out of the way. And just as Ilzarl’s hand struck

the ground, Graziella unleashed her keywords.

“Crystal Raid!”

The gypsum on the ground rose to the air, broke into countless splinters,

and then accelerated like cannonballs as they rushed towards Ilzarl, who’d

been left completely open. Since earth spells inherently had a good amount

of weight behind them, they were naturally more destructive than other

magics when used to make projectiles. Additionally, because the stones

Graziella was firing were tapered into sharp points, they were especially

damaging against living creatures. Or at least, they were supposed to be.

“Even this amount of destructive power is futile?! You damned

monster!”

The volley of pointed stones flying at Ilzarl had all struck him and fallen

to the floor. As the mana vanished from them, they were rendered mere

pebbles. Ilzarl stood there towering over them—completely unharmed.

“Oh Earth! Thou art the crystallization of my tyranny! Take hold of

unyielding power and cut my foe to pieces like a sharpened blade! The

monument that extols glorious death is a brilliant, shining sword marking

the grave of my enemy! Refined Crystal Raid!”

Graziella incanted a spell slightly different from the one she’d first tried.

The rocks that floated up into the air this time elongated and became thin

like small swords. When Graziella swung her extended arm out to the side,

they too assailed Ilzarl.

“Then how about this?!”

“Hmph! It doesn’t matter what you hurl at me, woman—it’s futile!

HrrrAAAAAH!”

Just as the small stone swords threatened to pierce Ilzarl’s body, he

unleashed a scream loud enough to shatter the eardrums of all who heard it.

It shook the entire grotto, but more importantly, everything born of

Graziella’s magic fell to the ground on the spot.

“Ridiculous! To repel magic using only his voice...”

As Graziella muttered to herself in disbelief, Ilzarl’s gaze fell upon her.

Feeling his bloodthrist and fighting spirit turned on her, Graziella panicked

and jumped back from where she stood.

“Ugh... This is a bad location. I can’t use Devil Connection here...” she

complained bitterly.

In such a narrow space underground, her trump spell—where she

teleported in a massive boulder—would be impossible to use to any effect.

Ruing not being able to use all her powers, she tried to retreat to the back.

“Too slow.”

But it seemed Ilzarl had identified her as his new target—his prey. He

took a grand leap far surpassing the distance of Graziella’s retreat, putting

them face to face in a single breath.

“Shi—!”

“Look out!”

“Reiji-sama?!”

Witnessing Graziella’s predicament, Reiji escaped Titania’s arms and

made a mad dash to save her. Seeing his companion in danger, his body was

practically moving on its own.

After stepping in with his left leg, Ilzarl let fly his right. Graziella’s face

in that moment was steeped in despair. Titania and Mizuki were screaming.

But as Ilzarl’s kick came flying in to decapitate Graziella, Reiji swung his

sword out with all his might to meet it.

“RAAAAAAAAAAH!”

It felt like he’d struck a mass of hard metal. Due to the sheer difference

in strength between them, he was unable to stop Ilzarl’s kick, but did

manage to dampen its power somewhat. And in the heat of the moment,

Reiji made a split-second decision. Having used up all of his strength, Reiji

let go of his orichalcum sword and jumped at Graziella to break away.

Grabbing and holding tightly on to her, the two of them tumbled to the

ground. Because he’d leaped at her with all his remaining might and did his

best to cover her, the ground repeatedly scraped and knocked against his

back as they rolled along. As they finally came to a stop, Graziella yelled

out as she came to understand what had just happened.

“Are you an idiot?! Why did you save me?!”

“Why? ’Cause you were in danger. I just...”

“Just what?! You’re a hero! What do you intend on accomplishing by

covering for me?!”

Seized by the pain catching up with him, Reiji’s consciousness grew

hazy. He couldn’t help thinking this was a somewhat unexpected reprimand

from the arrogant Graziella. She sounded like she was telling him that he’d

underestimated their enemy, and that, as a hero, his safety should be

imperative above all else.

“Sorry.”

That was the thought that came naturally to Reiji’s somewhat foggy

mind. And it wasn’t just intended for Graziella, but also for Titania and

Mizuki who continued to believe in him, as well as everyone else important

to him that wasn’t present. The reason he was apologizing needn’t be said.

Reiji then heaved Graziella off to the side.

“You complete moron!”

“Reiji-sama!”

“Reiji-kun!”

It’s fine like this...

And just as he convinced himself of that, he could feel a terrifying

presence approaching from behind.

“Saving a woman?! What a boring way to meet your end, hero!”

“Ugh...”

Reiji was going to die here. But the moment he resigned himself to that,

a blue wind suddenly blew past his eyes.

“Oh?”

Just as he thought that he heard a puzzled voice come from Ilzarl, Ilzarl

leaped backward. Seeing this, Reiji promptly turned around. Cutting in

between him and Ilzarl was Titania, with two swords crossed at the ready.

“Huh?! Tia?! What’s with those swords...?”

“Leave that for later, Reiji-sama! For now, just fall back!”

Seeing the wisdom in her words, Reiji retreated from the battle. Before

he knew it, Titania had popped the collar of her overcoat to cover the lower