After puffing at her pipe, Rumeya pointed a sharp gaze at Lefille which

felt like it was piercing right through her.

“...You lost, right, Lefi?”

“That’s...”

“Did you think I wouldn’t know just ‘cause you didn’t mention it? I’d

rather you not take me so lightly.”

As if she had seen the fight herself, Rumeya’s words were filled with

conviction. Having been seen through completely, Lefille honestly nodded

back to her.

“Lefi, do you know the reason you lost?”

“...Because my power couldn’t earnestly reach them.”

“That’s true, but... Are you aware of the other reason?”

Hearing her words, Lefille’s heart jumped in place. However...

“No, it’s just that my skills are still too raw. There is no other reason for

defeat.”

Lefille frowned as she denied there being any other reason. She didn’t

want to accept it. If she acknowledged it, she felt like a part of what had

been supporting her would crumble to pieces. As Rumeya looked at her

obstinate expression, she simply smiled and sighed. This seemed to irritate

Lefille, as she took on an unexpectedly critical tone with her.

“Do you think that there is something else, Rumeya-dono?”

“It would be simple for me to say it here, but... There’s a parental side of

me that thinks it would be better for you to find out yourself and accept it.

There would be no benefit to you if I were too meddlesome after all. Heh,

what to do with you...?”

As Rumeya muttered in a troubled manner, she puffed out the smoke

from her pipe towards the ceiling and tapped the ashes out of her pipe into

an ashtray. And then, perhaps having found her answer...

“That’s it. Well, you’ve got that boy and your reliable companions after

all, so there’s no need to rush it. Along the way, it will do you good to just

look at the fights you’ve had up until now. If you end up losing despite

that... Come back and see me again. I’ll strictly reforge you when you do.”

“...Understood.”

“Mm. In short, don’t get too much into a fighting mood. But that’s oh-so

hard, especially when you’re young...”

As she trailed off quietly, she must have been thinking of her own

experiences. With a faraway look, Rumeya gazed out the window. After

silently finishing her pipe, she suddenly smiled and called out to Lefille.

“Lefi, come here for a bit.”

“What’s the matter?”

“Let me pet you.”

“NO WAY!”

Rumeya was waving her hand up and down trying to appeal to Lefille

for a good petting as Lefille obstinately refused her. Her hat that was far too

big for her body fell over her eyes and she curled up into a ball on the sofa.

“Waah! You’ve become the perfect size to be petted, so isn’t it fine?!”

“It isn’t! Where can you find someone who would be glad to be petted in

this kind of circumstance?!”

Saying that, Lefille abruptly turned the other way as Rumeya broadly

grinned.

“Even if you say you hate it, I’m just going to pet you forcefully.”

The moment those words reached Lefille’s ears, Rumeya’s figure on the

sofa became nothing but an after image. She’d vanished. And then

immediately after that, Lefille’s hat was stolen from her with great force.

“Wawawawawawah! Rumeya-dono?!”

“I got youuu!”

“Augh...”

As she was pinned down by something soft and delightful, Lefille

learned of absolute humiliation. As she was, with her abilities in this state,

Lefille had no chance of escaping. And after Rumeya teased her for a while,

her fox ears suddenly began twitching.

“Oops, looks like they’re here. Well, though it’ll be meager, shall we

throw a farewell party?”

“Very well...”