Moonlight

The utter stillness of the darkwood forest was like a barrier that

prevented any and all from entering. But amidst it erupted a thunderous

roar, a cacophony of whipping winds, and a light so bright that it would

burn one’s eyes just to look at it.

Right after Suimei and Hatsumi defeated Demon General Vuishta, the

dragonnewt Eanru had appeared suddenly and fired off a dragon’s roar. It

was the source of the disturbance, and in its wake, the trees of the forest

were reduced to ash. All that was left were smoldering fires here and there.

The scene was completely unrecognizable from mere moments ago, and the

fiery blast undulated under the night sky like red waves of dawn.

The only two things left standing were Suimei and Hatsumi. Everything

else had been blown away by the power of the dragon’s roar. Even the ruins

of the hero summoning ritual that Suimei had been looking for were

incinerated without a trace.

Both of their gazes fell on Eanru, who stood above the flames. By looks,

he appeared to be a young man. Perhaps even an intellectual. He had a

slender, elegant figure and stylish bangs falling down onto his shoulders.

He could have easily been mistaken for an aristocrat who knew nothing of

the ways of battle, but in truth, he held enough power in one hand to blow

away a group of demons and his feet were firmly planted on the spot like

the roots of a great, ancient tree.

His strength and fighting spirit belied his appearance. He simply

radiated power, exerting an intimidating pressure on everything around him.

Hatsumi held her sword aimed at his head as the dancing flames licked at

her golden hair. Without relenting a single ounce of her vigilant guard, she

sharpened her green eyes like a blade and questioned Eanru.

“You expect me to come with you...?”

“That’s right. I cannot reveal the reason yet, but I need your power.”

“I’m sorry to inform you the power of a single girl like me doesn’t

amount to much.”

“That might be true if we were talking about your strength alone.

However, you have another power within you, no?”

It sounded like he was implying the divine blessing bestowed upon the

hero. But just what did he need a hero’s power for...?

“Based on how things went just now,” said Hatsumi, “it doesn’t look

like you need it in order to defeat the demons, right?”

“Naturally. Those guys are completely secondary. If all goes according

to plan, they’re fated to disappear soon enough anyway.”

Eanru spoke fearlessly. Though he claimed to need the power of a hero,

it seemed his goal had nothing to do with why the heroes had been

summoned in the first place.

“Frankly speaking, you’re just too suspicious,” said Hatsumi. “What’s

with threatening to take me with you regardless of whether or not I

consent?”

“Because to us, it’s necessary.”

“Don’t you think it’s normal to build up trust beforehand?”

“I never had any delusions about sweet talking you into coming with

me. Don’t misunderstand; I have no intentions of treating you politely. I

don’t particularly care whether you consent or not.”

“So you’re going to kidnap me? What exactly do you intend on doing

with me?”

“I told you that I cannot reveal the details... But, really, it’s nothing

much. We have a use for you, and we plan on doing exactly that—using

you.”

“Tch, treating people like they’re objects...”

Listening to Eanru talk, a sneer crept across Hatsumi’s face. Anyone

would have their feathers ruffled by being so blatantly told that they would

be used. Meanwhile, Suimei—who was standing in front of Hatsumi to

protect her—looked directly at Eanru with his piercing red eyes and cut into

their conversation.

“Aren’t you supposed to keep the shady stuff to yourself and at least try

saying something to get her to come along with you of her own free will?

Isn’t that the established tactic?”

“Indeed, you have a point there. But the fact of the matter is that we will

use the hero one way or another. I have no intention of leading you to

believe otherwise.”

“Ballsy...”

Despite plainly announcing that he wouldn’t reveal his motivations,

Eanru was surprisingly frank about his intentions. Suimei wrinkled his brow

at this somehow incongruous conversation.

“Though before that... You come first,” Eanru said, turning towards

Suimei as if the hero were merely a secondary objective. “Man in black, I

would like to hear your name.”

“Mine?”

“That’s right. The name of the man who splendidly defended against my

roar... I simply must know it.”

Eanru’s unwavering eyes gleamed like emeralds as they looked right at

Suimei.

“Is that so?”

“Asking an opponent’s name is a courtesy reserved for the strong. Don’t

tell me you plan on giving me a boring answer like, ‘I have no name worth

giving.’”

As he implied that such a reply would be an utter disappointment, Eanru

unleashed a raging torrent of fighting spirit. However, as a magician,

Suimei was well accustomed to proper etiquette before a fight. And since he

had no reason to refuse, Suimei introduced himself.

“Magician of the Society, Yakagi Suimei... Though I guess you guys

would say Suimei Yakagi?”

For some reason, Eanru’s eyebrow twitched when he heard those words.

“Did you just say Suimei Yakagi?”

“Uh, yeah?”

Baffled by Eanru’s reaction, Suimei was wondering what was wrong

with his name. Eanru, on the other hand, suddenly dispelled the

overwhelming aura of power radiating from his body.

“I see. So you were the one who did in Romeon...”

“What?”

“I believe I owe you both a thank you and an apology. To do so while

postured for battle would be inappropriate.”

It didn’t seem like there was an ounce of fighting spirit left in Eanru as

he spoke. But that wasn’t what had caught Suimei’s attention.

“I’m sorry, I may have misheard you, but did you just say Romeon?”

“That’s right. The elf Romeon. The one who served as a librarian in the

Imperial University Library. I mean exactly the man you’re thinking of.”

Eanru confirmed Suimei’s bewildered suspicion. Hatsumi was

completely lost as to what they were talking about, but even Suimei—

who’d known Romeon—had no idea what Eanru was getting at.

“A thank you and an apology... about that guy?”

“The incident that Romeon caused in the Empire... I heard you were the

one that handled it. So for putting a decisive end to the depravity of a fellow

member of the organization I belong to, I would like to thank you on

everyone’s behalf.”

And then, with a light bow of his head reminiscent of a nod...

“We are in your debt.”

“...In other words, that guy was one of your companions?”

“That’s right. He’s a comrade aiming for the same ideals as the rest of

us. Or rather, he was.”

He already considered his camaraderie with Romeon a thing of the past.

But hearing mention of Romeon’s name at all, Suimei’s distrust towards

Eanru only grew stronger. Suimei knew that Romeon had had honest

desires before he was touched by darkness, but...

“I don’t really get it, but if that’s how you feel, you should’ve kept a

much tighter hold on his leash. There’s no nice way to put it. That guy was

beyond saving, you know?”

“You’re precisely right. I can’t say anything in our defense. His will—

No, our failure to see that he had been taken in by the darkness was sheer

oversight on our part.”

“Based on the way you’re talking, that uproar wasn’t your real goal, was

it?”

“By and large, it is exactly as you say. Though, naturally, I mean the

harm that befell that young girl rather than what happened in the city.”

In other words, the incidents in the Empire were something he—no,

from the way he spoke, it was “they”—stood to gain from. It sounded like

what had happened to everyone but Liliana and Rogue was...

“It seems I may have said too much.”

“I wouldn’t mind if you kept going, honestly.”

“I’ll have to refrain. Your intuition is too keen. Even in the midst of

panicking, you are still shrewd.”

Eanru directed a sharp gaze at Suimei as he spoke. It seemed he’d

completely seen through Suimei. But then Eanru sighed and shook his head

as though lamenting something regrettable.

“We were originally going to dispose of Romeon ourselves. However,

before we could make our move, you ended up defeating him. We cannot

even pay you back.”

Those words came across as a mere excuse after all this time, but with

the way he sighed... It truly did sound like he was ashamed and

embarrassed at his own shortcomings. But there was something else that

had piqued Suimei’s interest.

“I get what you’re saying about what happened with Romeon, but how

do you know that I defeated him? There shouldn’t have been anybody

present observing us at the library that night.”

“Let’s simply say our ability to gather information is just that good.”

They were bold words. But, just as he said, there was clearly no

mistaking the strength of their intelligence network. Suimei knew better

than anyone else there was hardly any evidence of what had happened that

night at the library. Having heard enough, however, Suimei lightly shrugged

his shoulders as he spoke up once more.

“Well, if you’re so grateful for what I did, could you maybe just step

aside?”

“I refuse. Not only is there the hero to retrieve, but now I’ve taken an

interest in you too. In the power you hold that overwhelmed Romeon after

he fell into darkness.”

“Ugh, come on... Give me a break already.”

Eanru turned a ferocious grin on Suimei like a predator that had found

its prey. Just like Graziella—or perhaps even more so than her—he was the

type who found enjoyment in battle. A dragon. A battle maniac. He was

Suimei’s least favorite kind of person to deal with, right behind lunatics.

Seeing Suimei grimace like he was biting down on something bitter, Eanru

narrowed his eyes and curiously observed him.

“I don’t really understand, but what has you so frightened? If you hold

that much power, then there should be no reason for such cowardice. How

strange.”

“Mind your own business. I’ve got my own baggage to deal with.”

“Is that so...? Very well. Either way, it’s about time we begin. Now, how

will you do this? I don’t mind if you both come at me together, you know.”

“So it’s a totally foregone conclusion that we’re going to fight?”

“Based on our little talk, it’s clear that the young hero has no intention of

quietly coming along with me. That being the case, is it not evident that I

must now take her along by force?”

“...”

“There’s no need to make such a grim face. If you don’t like it, then all

you have to do is win against me. It’s as simple as that.”

Eanru gave a rather matter-of-fact reply to Suimei’s scowling, and then

once more fearlessly unleashed his fighting spirit.

★

Even though the whole ordeal centered on her, the exchange between

Suimei and Eanru had completely left Hatsumi behind. All she could do

was hold on to the anger in her heart the same way she did the blade in her

hand, which she kept aimed at the new enemy standing before her.

That enemy was the dragonnewt named Eanru. He’d quite plainly

demanded that she come with him, though he wouldn’t say why, and the

aftermath had devolved into a fight. But the one bearing the full brunt of

this man’s fighting spirit was Suimei. He’d broken out into a cold sweat the

moment Eanru showed up. He looked like he was suddenly confronted with

someone he’d never wanted to see again. He hadn’t shown a single sign of

anxiousness in their fight with Vuishta, but Hatsumi could see it dominating

his heart now. His index and middle fingers were restlessly rubbing against

each other as he fixedly kept his gaze on Eanru.

“Yakagi, I’ll take the front,” she said from behind him.

If they couldn’t avoid battle, she thought their strategy should stay the