The battle in the northern part of the Alliance came to an end when the

demons, at least temporarily, retreated. The various countries of the

Alliance each suffered considerable casualties in the fighting, and so the

human forces also temporarily pulled back to reorganize themselves. So, in

the end, the overall result of the battle was concluded to be a draw.

Upon hearing that the demons had ultimately been—rather unexpectedly

—targeting Hatsumi specifically, the king of Miazen requested Hatsumi and

her party return to the capital. Waiting for their arrival, he gave a royal

order for the city’s defenses to be shored up. It was a kind gesture, but

likely a futile one. When it came to an opponent that could overwhelm both

Suimei and Hatsumi, no amount of soldiers would be able to make a

difference. But nevertheless, it was about the only defensive plan the castle

could realistically put in place. And so soldiers were gathered from all over

Miazen, and patrols were put on around the clock duty all over the city,

arguably to the point of overdoing it.

As far as the inside of the castle was concerned, the royal guard was

hard at work as well. They remained wary of Suimei, but under the present

circumstances, doing anything about him was out of the question. As such,

they largely looked the other way and ignored him completely.

A few days after Suimei and the others departed from the north, it was

decided that there would be a break in the fighting with the demons. As

such, Hatsumi returned from the battlefield as well. Now back in the

capital, she was visiting a certain place on her own.

That place was the boarding house of Twilight Pavilion, where Suimei

and the others were staying. Hatsumi went up the wide staircase that was

installed in the entrance hall, and, following the leather-covered handrail,

headed towards the guest rooms. Before long, she arrived at her destination,

and knocked on one wooden door in particular.

“Um, may I come in?”

Announcing herself only after making it through the foyer and to the

second floor of the building felt a bit odd, but since she was here to visit

someone in particular, Hatsumi thought it was the polite thing to do. After a

moment, Hatsumi heard a female voice and footsteps approaching from the

other side.

“Coming! Oh, it’s you, Hero-dono of the Alliance!”

“Yes. Um, if I remember correctly, it’s Stingray-san... right?”

“Indeed. It has been... Well, not all that long, no?”

The one to answer the door was Felmenia Stingray. She spoke fondly as

she recalled their last encounter, and Hatsumi replied with a calm smile.

Felmenia then made a dignified expression and, in the utmost

demonstration of her proper manners and decorum, put her hand to her

chest and bowed.

“Greetings, Hero-dono. You are most welcome in these humble

lodgings.”

“Er, ah, yes, thank you... It’s lovely to be here.”

Hatsumi hesitated just a little at her sudden change in attitude, but

Felmenia’s formal demeanor quickly crumbled as her friendly tone and

smile returned.

“Incidentally, could it be that you are by yourself? Without so much as

an escort?”

“That’s right. I snuck out on my own. If anyone came along, that would

be a little troublesome.”

Hatsumi spoke with a bitter smile on her face. It may have been

somewhat rude, but she must have been exhausted. No one from the palace

thought well of her going to visit Suimei. She’d tried to come see him

multiple times since getting back into town, but the king and his cabinet

ministers seemed to have passed down orders to the guards to keep the hero

within the palace walls for her own safety after what had transpired. So her

only choice was to find a chance and sneak out. It was somewhat ironic, but

she truly thought that this was actually the safest place to be right now.

“Well, there’s certainly no reason for us to stand here and talk. Please do

come in.”

Felmenia stepped back and opened the door fully, holding it against

herself to make room for Hatsumi to enter.

“Thank you. It seems I’ll finally be able to relax. The palace and even

the streets are all nothing but guards, guards, guards. Just where did they all

come out from...?”

“That is just how dire the times are. And so, Hero-dono, what brings you

here today?”

“I thought I’d drop by to give my thanks for coming to save me the other

day. The guild master said that Suimei would probably be here around this

time.”

“Is that so? Suimei-dono should currently be in his room sorting through

some documents. If you wait a bit, I do think that he should be here before

long.”

“Thank you, I think I’ll do just that.”

Guided by Felmenia, Hatsumi took a seat inside. It seemed Felmenia

was getting ready for a gathering of some sort, as she already had some

local tea prepared. She offered Hatsumi some, and as she took a sip, she

could hear the sound of the door opening again.

“Oh, Lady Hatsumi is here?”

The next to appear was Lefille, who looked a bit surprised to spy an

unexpected visitor. Hatsumi stood up from her seat to greet her.

“Good day. Your name is Lefille, right?”

“That’s right.”

After Lefille nodded with a bright expression, Felmenia explained the

circumstances of Hatsumi’s visit to her.

“It seems the hero has come to express her thanks for the other day.”

“That’s quite courteous of you. Sorry for making you come out all this

way.”

“Not at all. I know I said it last time, but allow me to thank you again for

the assistance and reinforcements. Thanks to you, we were able to return

safely.”

In accordance with standard Japanese etiquette, Hatsumi bowed to show

her gratitude. Taking the gesture to be excessive, Felmenia started waving

her hands as if to say she was exaggerating.

“It was nothing. All we did was lend a hand to Suimei-dono. If there’s

anyone to be thanked, it’s him.”

“It’s true. If Suimei-kun hadn’t said he would go, those reinforcements

probably wouldn’t have shown up, after all. The credit should all go to him,

so please don’t pay us any mind.”

Both girls were speaking modestly. Hatsumi could feel something of a

wall between them. Perhaps it was only natural since this was only really

the second time they’d ever met, but it seemed like they were being vigilant

about something else.

Hatsumi continued sipping her tea as she turned such thoughts over in

her head. Waiting for Lefille to take her seat, Felmenia finally broke the ice

in a somewhat timid manner.

“Um... Hero-dono, might I ask you something?”

“Yes? What about?”

“It is about Suimei-dono... Um, what is your relationship with him?”

“It seems we’re cousins. Did you not hear about it from Yakagi

himself?”

“That is... Certainly, we had inquired about it, but...”

“Is something wrong?”

“Ah, no...”

Felmenia awkwardly looked away. It seemed this was something

difficult for her to ask. Hatsumi couldn’t tell whether her roundabout

manner of asking was supposed to make her realize or say something, but

as she curiously contemplated the matter, Lefille spoke up.

“You can’t beat around the bush like that, Lady Felmenia. Lady

Hatsumi, I’d like to be frank and cut to the point. What do you think about

Suimei-kun?”

“Wh-What? As in...?”

Hatsumi twitched like someone had just pricked her finger. Being asked

what she thought about him, she could only assume they meant in that way.

And then, confirming that she was right on the mark, Lefille’s cheeks

turned pink as she clarified her question.

“U-Um, that’s, you know... That is to say... Do you love him or not... as

a man?”

“H-Hero-dono, what do you think about Suimei-dono?!”

Jumping on the wagon, Felmenia leaned forward intently—nearly out of

her seat—with a dire expression on her face. Both of them were quite

serious, but...

“Wait a sec here! Why are you asking me that kind of thing?”

“Because this is an important matter to us!”

And with that, Hatsumi finally had an inkling about their reasons for

asking in the first place. And as she realized that, Felmenia and Lefille also

seemed to sense just how Hatsumi thought of Suimei. The three of them

reacted near simultaneously.

“Tch.”

“Hmph.”

“Grrr...”

All three girls were now glaring darkly at each other. Like rivals, or

maybe even enemies.

It was then that Suimei arrived. After finishing his organizing and

coming to a good stopping point in his work, he was in a good mood and

entered the room while humming a song. But for some reason, sparks were

flying between the three beauties in front of him.

“Uh... What’s this? What’s happening?”

The battle concerning the thickheaded magician had really only just

begun.

★

Liliana Zandyke had recently developed a strange “cuddling habit.”

After she began living with Suimei and the others, whenever her

loneliness became unbearable, she would cling to one of them for comfort.

In part thanks to this acquired behavior, she became much more aware of

what it meant to be close with someone. To be doted on and loved. It was

something she hadn’t had much experience with up until now. But even

then, when she was alone at night or when she recalled what life was like

before meeting Rogue, her thoughts would turn dark. She couldn’t escape

the feeling that things would just turn out like before, which was immensely

painful.

It was at times like that that she sought the embrace of one of her three

friends, which was a great comfort to her wounded heart. She knew she was

well past the age such behavior was considered acceptable, but Lefille told

her not to hold back. That she deserved this and more for every time she’d

been denied the warm embrace of a loved one as a child.

Loneliness was something that could settle in without any specific

trigger. Such was the case today.

“Who... should I pick... today?”

While walking towards the guest room, Liliana was thinking about who

she should demand attention from. If everything was going as usual,

everyone should have finished their business for the day and be gathering

there for a bit of tea and relaxing right about now.

Liliana normally decided on her cuddling partner by rotation. If she

clung to a single person all the time, she would end up being a nuisance to

them. So after having Lefille dote on her, next would be Felmenia, and after

her would be Suimei, and so on. But while that was the general pattern, she

took into account extraordinary circumstances and would sometimes jump

forward in the order when it was necessary to accommodate one of her

friends.

For the past few days, Suimei had been rather busy organizing all the

data that he’d brought back from the darkwood forest regarding the hero

summoning ritual. And because he’d been so occupied, Liliana had been

leaning on the other two. As such, she was planning on asking him today

for a change, but...

“Suimei, please cuddle with... me?”

What she saw when she opened the door was three young girls glaring

daggers at each other with Suimei was standing in the middle of it all,

dumbfounded and terrified.

With just a glance, the intelligent Liliana was able to discern what had

happened. The fact that her voice had been somewhat drowned out by the

creak of the door opening was a stroke of good fortune on her part. Not

realizing anything was wrong, the young girls simply glanced her way

without saying anything before returning to their standoff.

Suimei, however, was trapped in a situation that felt rather like being on

a bed of nails, and beheld Liliana with a relieved expression. To him, she

looked like help that had come from the heavens.

“H-Hey, Liliana. What’s up?” he asked in an awkward and pathetic