“A picture of an eye?”

On the ground right next to Suimei, different from the one he used when

they had defeated Vuishta, was a simple drawing in the shape of an eye. But

looking carefully, there were copies of the same image all over the ground.

“It’s a nazar bonjuk, a charm against the evil eye. Since the draconic

eye’s origin is based on the concept of the evil eye, this will avert it. I’m not

just recklessly fighting here, you know?”

“What a surprise. To think that there is a means of defending against it...

Could it be that I’ve come into an unfavorable matchup?”

Despite his words, Eanru was stifling a giddy laugh. Seeing that he was

completely joking around, Suimei scowled at him.

“Shut up. It’s seriously unfair that I can’t properly put up a fight unless I

take the time to do something like this.”

“Perhaps. But while my foes are rarely able to make up for the

difference between us, you were rather quick on the draw with a technique a

human should know nothing about.”

“A human from this world, you mean.”

“Aha, I see! You’re a denizen of another world. No wonder the magic

you use is different from the magic used here. That must be the reason

you’re so close with the hero, too.”

“It’s also why I won’t let you take Hatsumi with you.”

“In that case, I understand how you feel. But nevertheless, I have a

reason to take her with me no matter what.” Eanru paused there for a

moment and slowly took up his stance again. “I won’t ask for forgiveness.

I’m well aware that I’ll be resented for what I plan to do.”

“Whatever. After getting this deep into it, I’m not gonna bitch and moan.

That’s not gonna stop me from saying whatever the hell else I want,

however.”

Suimei then boldly stuck out his tongue and wiped the fearful sweat

from his brow that refused to stop pouring. Seeing him like that, Eanru

smiled.

“That’s good. I’m all too used to hearing fools trying to argue against

their inevitable defeat at this point.”

“Sorry, I’m not the type to play the emotional card.”

“No, but you certainly do have a mouth on you.”

“Shut it.”

With that, Suimei snapped his fingers. The sound of bursting air marked

the opening to the second act of their increasingly ferocious battle like a

violent starter pistol.

★

After sealing one of Eanru’s moves, as expected, Suimei’s attacks grew

more intense than before.

As Suimei had explained, he had now completed his preparations and

could finally act as he pleased. He was still racing through the sky while

touching down intermittently, but the magic that he was firing off was much

stronger, and both his casting speed and frequency had doubled. All of this

was about what Eanru had expected, so that wasn’t what had really caught

his attention.

As far as he was concerned, Suimei was truly deserving of praise simply

for knowing how to fight against a dragonnewt. He even seemed more

knowledgeable on the matter than Eanru himself. Whenever Suimei drew

close, he would stay just far away enough to keep out of range of Eanru’s

fists. It would be nearly impossible to gauge that distance just by eye, but

Suimei steered perfectly clear of Eanru’s real threat range.

Normally, when Eanru swung his fist, the wave of wind that followed

would be enough to blow away absolutely everything in its path—just like

he’d done with those demons. But Suimei was moving around like he’d

seen completely through the attack and knew exactly what to do to avoid it.

And then there was matter of the howl wave Eanru had unleashed right

as they met. Suimei called it a dragon’s roar, but he seemed to understand

its nature and devastating power perfectly. If he were merely a normal

human who knew nothing of dragonnewts, he would have been left

standing there dumbfounded as he was evaporated. But he’d sensed what

Eanru was about to do as he was preparing, and played his defensive hand

immediately.

And that wasn’t the only thing he’d seemed to know ahead of time.

There was also the dragon’s eye. Knowing that Eanru held the technique to

crush all within his line of sight by just looking at it, Suimei had jumped

and flitted about to avoid staying within Eanru’s field of vision for any

extended period of time. Moreover, he’d secretly been preparing a

technique to counter it the whole time.

All of Eanru’s powers were deadly. And knowing about them wasn’t

necessarily enough to do anything about them. They were difficult to grasp

in the heat of the moment, and even more difficult to counter. The average

person—even knowing what was coming—still would have been laid waste

by his power. But not Suimei. He’d gotten through every single one, and

was still continuing to put up a fight.

“Heh... heh heh...”

Unconsciously, laughter began to seep from Eanru’s lips. Before him

was a man who was using magic nonstop. All Suimei had to do was tap the

ground, magic circles different from the ones already on the ground would

appear behind him. The magic circles that were appearing continuously

seemed to be substitutes for chanting. Each circle fired off a spell of its

own. The attributes they used varied, and a completely unknown type of

attack filled Eanru’s field of vision to capacity as it came rushing in at him.

Now, just like when he’d arrived, his expectations were all being

betrayed one after the other. Suimei’s casting speed and output were good,

but Eanru was unable to get his head around how he was doing it so

incessantly. Eanru knew that there were ways to improve casting speed, so

he wasn’t particularly surprised that Suimei could cast spells faster than the

average mage. What baffled him was that Suimei didn’t even seem to be

taking a breath between them as he chanted.

When magic was used consecutively, mana was expelled from the

caster’s body. Mana being expelled in such a way would also increase body

heat. The body naturally confused this with physical exertion, and would

leave a caster short of breath. Normally, because of the length of time it

took to chant spells, most mages would never find themselves in such a

state. But everyone knew that a mage should have to take a breather after

casting too many spells consecutively.

But not Suimei. Despite the container of his soul being nothing more

than a frail human body, Eanru couldn’t even hear the sound of Suimei

inhaling and exhaling as he continued to chant. All he could see once in a

while was a pure white vapor made of mana being expelled from his mouth.

He was guessing that there was likely some sort of strange organ inside that

human body of his responsible for all this.

Suimei’s consecutive use of magic was a real threat, but in a sense, his

rapid-fire attack was also a form of defense. From the hail of fire, lightning,

and light magic he was sending out, it looked like he was on the offensive.

But his incessant attacks could also be interpreted as a means of keeping

Eanru restrained. That would explain why Suimei hadn’t yet fired off any

particularly powerful spells in an attempt to deal the final blow.

“If you aren’t going to dig in, then I’ll be the one to make a move.”

With that, Eanru stomped on the ground. It was like an explosion

occurred. The surface of the ground split and sent large lumps of earth

flying. But that was all a precursor for darting forward. Eanru slipped

through Suimei’s incoming spells and arrived right in front of him. Eanru

could see him gulp as he stood there trembling.

“Damn it, you move too fast!”

Suimei Yakagi let out a shriek of complaint on the spur of the moment.

As expected, he was quite flustered. Perhaps due to some bad experience in

the past, he was deeply afraid of Eanru—no, of dragons.

However, that was none of Eanru’s concern. Aiming for Suimei’s lower

jaw, he unleashed a kick. To evade the attack coming up from below,

Suimei dove to the side. Just as Eanru thought that he’d simply thrown

himself to the ground, his powers of flight kicked in. Pulled by an invisible

force, his body took an unnatural path through the air, and Eanru chased

after him with a backhanded fist.

Suimei had anticipated such a serious blow from the wave of power he

felt coming for him, but he couldn’t stop it. It struck him in the leg, and

when it did, Eanru could hear the unmistakable sound of bones breaking.

But the immediate moment after Suimei made an anguished expression, a

green circle with letters and numbers inscribed within it took shape around

his broken leg. It was recovery magic. Every time he was dealt a serious

wound, he’d use it to heal himself.

As such, it was like Suimei and Eanru had come to a stalemate of sorts.

Neither could really get an attack in on the other. As that self-deprecating

thought passed through Eanru’s head, a fire spell came charging at him.

“Mere desperation!” he scoffed.

“Just take it!” Suimei shouted.

Suimei sounded like he’d meant for this attack to finish Eanru off, but

that wasn’t quite how it panned out. The large fire spell that came sweeping

at Eanru was just a smokescreen. A cover. For just an inch in front of

Eanru’s head, a tiny magic circle took shape.

“Tch—”

It was too close. The moment Eanru’s mind told him that he wouldn’t

get off lightly if he were hit by that, his body reflexively took evasive

action. However, the moment he distanced himself from the first tiny magic

circle, another took shape. And just like that, one after one, they chased

after him. No matter how fast he moved, how many times he changed

directions, whether he took to the skies or not, the tiny magic circles formed

a line that chased right after him. Eanru thought they looked like some out

of place child’s toy as they formed an accordion like shape in the air, but it

was then that they finally bared their magical fangs.

“Chain Explosion.”

When Suimei uttered the keywords, consecutive explosions erupted. In

the blink of an eye, they caught up to Eanru’s face.

“Guh—ah!”

Eanru took evasive action, but he was too close to avoid the shockwave.

Its power was on the same level as a strike from Jillbert’s superhuman

strength. He couldn’t take it unfazed, and the force of the blow kicked his

head back. But Eanru wasn’t about to let that stop him. After lightly shaking

his head, however, he could see an ultramarine light coming down from the

starry night sky.

Did he set this attack up beforehand?

The moment Eanru sensed impending crisis, Suimei began chanting.

“Illustre carmen ad operationem simplicem. Armat ad centum et passive

diducit, invocato Augoeides. Strategic Bombing.”

[Illustrious spell at simplified operation. Arm from one to a hundred and

deploy randomly, invoke Augoeides. Strategic Bombing.]

With that, a hail of light fell from the sky. The magic lights raining down

reminded Eanru of the falling stars he’d seen in the Empire, but this wasn’t

quite the same spell. Having lost his chance to evade, Eanru overflowed his

entire body with mana and took a defensive stance. The spell wouldn’t last

long, but...

“This isn’t the end of it.”

With those words, Suimei began preparing his next act. Before Eanru

could even notice, Suimei leaped backwards and was already weaving his

chant by the time he hit the ground.

“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore. Parito colluctatione et

aestuato. Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox.”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment. Give

form to death’s agony and burst into flames. Bestow the one who obstructs

me with a dreadful destiny.]

Several red magic circles were now forming in the air, and at Suimei

Yakagi’s feet, a single large magic circle was expanding. It filled with

words in the center, and it began revolving in the opposite direction of the

secondary circle at its circumference. The ground around it spouted flames

that were reflected in Suimei’s eyes. That red-hot brilliance held a zealous

purpose. And just as Eanru was captivated by it all...

“Itaque conluceto. O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus!”

[So shine. Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem!]

He crushed the gem of light in his right hand. As it shattered to pieces,

an inferno burst out of the large magic circle. The leftover fires still burning

from before were all consumed by Suimei’s superior flame. The very earth

boiled and bubbled like molten iron.

Eanru thought it was common sense that dragonnewts were immune to

fire, but a bad premonition was crawling up his spine. And rather than

common sense—which was often useless on the battlefield—he put his trust

in that feeling. Before the boiling earth could reach his feet, before the

snakelike flames could wind their way around him, he put all of his strength