Mizuki glanced over at Ilzarl. Reiji followed her line of sight. He saw

what looked like an explosion of lava, and from that explosion... emerged

Demon General Ilzarl.

“This destructive power is...”

While Ilzarl was muttering to himself, he looked at his own hands

carefully. He’d undoubtedly been consumed by Mizuki’s lava, but perhaps

through some sort of resistance, the only damage he’d suffered for it was

that his skin was somewhat reddened. It was no worse than a mild sunburn.

“No way... Even after being drowned like that, he’s virtually

unharmed...”

“A monster through and through...”

Reiji could hear Titania and Graziella’s terrified voices, but Mizuki was

letting out a creepy laugh.

“Even against that, only his skin is slightly burned, is it? Heh heh heh, as

one would expect, demi-ogre. To withstand such magic with curable

wounds... It looked to me as if you shook off this magic of mine with only

your mana. Such a profound black even deeper than the darkness thrust

forth by the King of Hell... You may accept my praise.”

Mizuki’s declaration as she fell deeper into the intoxication of her

imagination dealt a painful blow to Reiji. But Ilzarl seemed to ignore her

completely.

“It has been a long time since I’ve seen someone who could properly use

magic. Reminds me of the howl of the dragonnewts...”

“Do not lump me together with beasts! I am the Holy King of the

Heavens, a unique existence throughout all heaven and earth!”

Mizuki continued to rain her haughty and fearless declarations on Ilzarl,

but he merely snorted before making a bored expression like his interest

was quickly waning.

“You really are prattling on about nothing but incomprehensible

nonsense, offering. But no matter.”

Ilzarl then turned his back on Mizuki and the others, and just like that,

started to head towards the exit of the grotto. Seeing this, Mizuki looked

perturbed.

“Why are you resigning? Did you not want that Sacrament or whatever

it was, you bastard?”

“I can feast on offerings like you whenever I please. But if I’m going to,

it would simply prefer to do so when they’ve fully matured. Until then, I

will leave that Sacrament or whatever in your hands.”

“You don’t have to show such patience on my account, you know. Or

perhaps you fear this power of mine?”

“M-Mizuki...”

Mizuki continued to provoke Ilzarl, but Titania looked at her with

pleading eyes to ask her to stop.

“Do not fear. Against one such as I, there is no opponent that cannot be

defeated.”

Without even glancing at Titania, Mizuki remained completely focused

on Ilzarl. Having regressed back into her chuunibyou state, she was

powered by an incomprehensible level of self-confidence.

“You are a mere offering. Don’t speak with such conceit. I’m saying that

I will let you live today. You should be cowering like the others, shivering

in fear.”

“Hmph!”

Ilzarl shot a gaze at her that looked like it could kill someone, yet

Mizuki simply scoffed. Ilzarl then narrowed his eyes and muttered

something.

“Just doing what that guy says... Now that I think about it, that would

peeve me too.”

Nobody could hear what he said, but Reiji could somehow sense

discontent in his expression.

But then, just like that, the demon who handily overwhelmed the hero

and his companions vanished. Reiji and the others were struck with relief as

he left, and at long last, the tension left their stiff bodies.

“W-We’re alive...”

Reiji’s hands couldn’t stop shaking. Titania and the others also seemed

to be completely spent, and all slackly slumped their shoulders as they

stared at the entrance to the grotto dumbfounded.

“Seriously, to think he just up and left...”

“Just what did that demon want?”

Ilzarl had only showed up, laid waste to the group, and left. He seemed

to want the Sacrament at first, but it apparently wasn’t a very high priority.

In the end, he’d left without it and didn’t seem too upset about it. But while

going over what had just happened in his head, Reiji was stuck with a

concern that seemed far more immediate.

“That’s right! Mizuki!”

“What is the matter, my beloved fiancé? Suddenly raising thy voice like

that...”

“Y-Y-Your—?!”

Reiji was too stunned by her shocking declaration to say anything else.

Seeing that he was magnificently bewildered, Mizuki cocked her head to

the side.

“What? Is something strange?”

“S-Strange?! Yes, very strange! What’s going on with you, seriously?!”

“There is nothing at all going on. On the contrary, just why are you so

bothered?”

Mizuki was broadly grinning like she was having fun toying with him,

but Reiji was too worked up to tell what she was thinking at all. In the midst

of their antics, Titania called out to him.

“Reiji-sama, more importantly, shall we get out of here? There’s the

matter with Mizuki, but I am also worried about Faylia-dono’s condition,

not to mention Gregory and the others...”

“Ah, yeah... You’re right...”

Titania’s suggestion was the most reasonable thing anyone had said so

far. And so, carrying an anxiety that could not adequately be summed up in

simple words, Reiji lent his shoulder to Faylia and left the grotto with the

others.

★

As for what had happened outside, the knights of Astel and the soldiers

Graziella brought with her from Nelferia were injured, but not gravely.

They’d all escaped without life-threatening wounds.

From what they told Reiji, after they saw him and the others off, Ilzarl

arrived at the temple. At first they thought he was just some shady figure

and the monks from the Church of Salvation tried to turn him away, but

Ilzarl didn’t hesitate to tear into the monks when they opposed him. From

there, battle broke out. The spellcasters from the church weren’t able to

contain him, and every last one of them that tried was apparently eaten.

But, perhaps because he’d already eaten his fill, by the time Ilzarl

reached Gregory and the others, he seemed to have lost interest and didn’t

even put much effort into fighting. If there was something to be thankful

for, it was just that.

Presently, the survivors had all been treated with restoration magic and

were resting in a recovery room with Faylia. Reiji and the others were

gathered together in a separate room they were borrowing from the temple.

Recalling the fight with Ilzarl, Titania let out a heavy sigh.

“He certainly was a preposterous opponent.”

“Demon General Ilzarl... So that’s the kind of enemy we’ll be up against

from here on out, huh?”

Reiji could only offer a weak reply. There were a meager three things

that he could appreciate with certainty right now. That Ilzarl had been a

terrifyingly formidable enemy. That he’d been powerless against him. And

that he’d been extravagantly foolish in declaring that he would fight despite

such powerlessness.

The fact that they’d be up against truly strong enemies had first been

impressed upon Reiji back during their fight against Rajas. Naturally,

considering the nature of his mission, it was something he’d prepared

himself for. But for them to be so overwhelming... For an opponent to show

up that he’d literally been unable to even harm on his own...

Reiji had awoken the Sacrament at some point during the battle, but the

sword had reverted back to its form as an ornament. Even when he tried

calling out to it now to transform, it wouldn’t answer. If they ran into

another demon general as things were, he would again be useless.

Was that... Was this really okay? Such questions filled his heart with

doubt, but he wasn’t the only one gripped by anxiety. Both Titania and

Graziella felt the same way. Recalling their respective fights with Ilzarl

depressed them, and their usual energy was nowhere to be seen.

Ilzarl and the Sacrament were both important matters, but Reiji would

be forced to set them aside for the moment.

“My, my, whatever is the matter? My dear fiancé for whom my desire

burns hotter than a fiery dragon’s heart as it slumbers at the core of the

earth, and whose existence is more precious to me than all the angels who

call me master... For some time now, your complexion has been rather poor,

you know?”

“Whose fault is that...?”

“Are you implying that the fault is mine? How rude... Well then, I shall

let it be.”

Mizuki’s speech and conduct were one thing, but that wasn’t all that

seemed different about her. Her very attitude as “Io Kuzami” had changed,

conjuring some very unpleasant memories for Reiji. Ever since they’d left

the grotto, she’d stood with her arms haughtily crossed, overflowing with

confidence. But what stood out the most were unmatching eyes. Indeed, her

left eye was no longer black, but gave off a unique golden glow.

Reiji looked over at her with a complex expression. Titania and

Graziella, equally unable to hide their bafflement, also beheld her with a

certain degree of confusion.

“How do I put this...? Mizuki, isn’t it about time you put an end to this

act? Do we have to relive your dark past?”

“I am not Mizuki. I am the Holy King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami.”

“That’s what I’m talking about. I got tired of hearing that a long time

ago... Ugh, we’re not getting anywhere like this...”

Mizuki... No, Io Kuzami was unabashedly telling Reiji exactly what he

didn’t want to hear. At his wits’ end, he felt a strong headache coming on.

However, Io Kuzami seemed completely unaware of all this.

“There is no act. Everything is exactly as I say. I am the supreme ruler

who oversees all children born under the heavens. Indeed, I am the Holy

King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami.”

“Every time you open your mouth, the act just gets grander and

grander... Hahh, as I thought, you’ve completely regressed into your dark

days...” Reiji let out an anguished groan, then looked back over at her.

“Hey, Mizuki...”

“How often must I repeat myself? I am not Mizuki.”

Io Kuzami once more asserted her identity, but this time Titania called

out to her.

“Um, pardon... But are you really not Mizuki?”

“Indeed, I am genuinely not the true proprietor of this body—this girl

known as Mizuki. I am the holy one descended from the heavens that hears

the wishes of all who live in this world.”

What’s genuine about it? Much less holy?

Reiji grumbled to himself in his own mind, but couldn’t actually bring

himself to say anything as he winced at her words. It was then that Graziella

turned a question to him with a curious expression on her face.

“Reiji, I don’t really understand what’s going on with this Io Kuzami...

Could you explain it?”

“...Do I have to?”

“Whatever the situation, it seems we’re stuck with it for the time being,

no?”

“How do I put this...? It’s embarrassing to talk about...”

“Why are you embarrassed about it?”

“You know... It’s like when you’re sitting happily together with your

family watching TV, and all of a sudden something very adult comes on...”

“I do not understand these expressions from your foreign world.”

“I can’t think of any other good examples...”

As Reiji hesitated to explain, Io Kuzami proudly puffed out her chest

and spoke for herself in her typical self-assured tone.

“So be it! If you wish to know about me, I shall inform you. Everyone

other than my fiancé should humbly bow down and listen.”

“Who’s going to bow? Just talk.”

“Man, she’s really going to say it... You’re really going to just confess,

huh, Mizuki?”

As Reiji started muttering in despair, Io Kuzami took a daunting pose

atop one of the beds. The other three people present resisted asking whether

that was really necessary. But only after Io Kuzami finished lording over