“I haven’t properly counted, but I turned five hundred a little while ago.”

“Th-Th-Th-Th-That old?!”

“A-As expected of an elf...”

Reiji sounded bewildered, but Mizuki stood there dumbfounded with her

mouth hanging wide open. It had been quite a while since they’d come to

this world, but this was their first time meeting someone centuries old. It

was indeed quite a shock. It was unremarkable, however, for Titania and

Graziella, neither of whom seemed the slightest bit fazed.

“So, were you acquainted with the hero who used the relic?”

“Yes, I met him when I was quite young.”

“What kind of person was he?”

“The hero of my day was famous for three things: he had extensive

knowledge that surpassed anyone’s, he held a great power, and he saved this

land from the hand of the tyrant.”

After walking and talking for a while, they arrived at a room deep inside

the temple.

“Is this it?”

“No, that which you seek is kept under watch in a room further inside.”

“Hmm? Then what’s this, Faylia-san?”

“Ah, this?”

Faylia took down a wooden box from the shelf and opened it up so Reiji

and the others could see. Inside, there was something that had a shape

similar to a pocket watch from the modern world.

Considering it would be easier for them to see for themselves, Faylia

took it out of the box and handed it over to Reiji. As Reiji got a closer look,

it really did strike him as a pocket watch. There were symbols written along

the circumference of it that resembled Roman numerals that clearly weren’t

of this world, and it had curved needles that looks like an hour and minute

hand. It was quite a mysterious device.

“What is it?”

“It is called the Lachesis Meter. Along with the Sacrament, it was

something the hero of old left behind.”

While listening to her explanation, Reiji looked for the crown of the

watch, but there didn’t seem to be any sort of spring mechanism to make it

move.

“It’s not moving. How does one use it?”

“That... We do not know either.”

“You don’t know? Was its use not passed down along with the item?”

“The hero did not give us a detailed explanation of it at the time. He said

that it was likely irrelevant to this world. And unlike the Sacrament, it does

appear to be completely meaningless.”

“Completely meaningless...?”

“You see, the hero said the end of the world has not yet begun here.”

“The end of the world hasn’t begun?”

“Yes.”

The hero’s words relayed to Reiji by Faylia struck him as quite odd. The

end of the world was exactly that—an end. It wasn’t a meaningful

expression of time. There was no beginning to it per se. By the time it

happened, everything would already be over. The phrasing puzzled Reiji

and the others quite a bit, and Faylia offered an apology.

“I do not fully understand myself. When he spoke of the end of the

world, he described it as something that was predetermined once it began,

but he explained it with vocabulary that was largely beyond my

comprehension. In the end, we didn’t pay it much attention because he said

it was irrelevant, and we left it at that.”

With that, Faylia concluded her explanation of the Lachesis Meter. Reiji

and the others judged that spending any more time on it would be

meaningless, and moved on to the main point.

“So, could we see the other relic he left behind?”

“About that... I must offer my apologies, but we cannot go any further.”

As she gestured towards deeper into the temple, Faylia apologized. It

sounded like she was going back on her word, and Titania questioned her

with a somewhat sharp tone.

“What do you mean? I do believe you were informed of what we came

here for.”

“Before you stands the Hero of Salvation. Are you saying you will not

cooperate with us?” demanded Graziella.

“No, I do not mean that we refuse to surrender the relic. It’s just that

access to the Sacrament is strictly controlled. The door was sealed by the

hero of old’s magic, and undoing it will require a ritual performed by

myself and several specialist mages. It will take nearly half a day.”

“So we can’t go through yet?”

“Precisely. We will let you through as soon as the preparations are

complete, but that will likely have to wait until tomorrow.”

“Tomorrow... That’s quite strict.”

Graziella, whose stiffened shoulders suddenly fell slack, felt like they

were on a fool’s errand. She was probably thinking that if they weren’t

going to hand it over right away, there was no need to drag them through

the temple today. Mizuki, however, had a different question.

“It’s supposed to be something that can’t be used by just anyone, right?

So why do you have to go so far?”

“The hero of old said that it was not something that should exist here.

He told us that it had a tremendous power that could twist the very

principles of our world. And so, to prevent its power from being studied and

recreated, it was sealed along with the tyrant’s relics.”

Faylia’s explanation was noble, but came across as a bit over the top to

Reiji. Pondering what she’d said, he was left with one big question in

particular.

“And just what is this tremendous power?”

“From what I have seen, it is a power that can freeze all creation.”

“All creation?”

“Yes. The hero said it held sway over anything and everything in

existence. They say that there was nothing that the Sacrament’s power was

unable to freeze. Even the other heroes of the day said it was an exceptional

weapon. Under the right circumstances, they said it was capable of slaying

even gods.”

“S-Slaying gods, you say?”

“Are you saying that it’s such an overpowered weapon that it would

bring about such conceit?”

Hearing Faylia’s explanation, Graziella and Titania showed their

surprise and indignation. To the people of this world living under the

Goddess Alshuna, the idea of killing a god had a blasphemous implication.

As if to defend the hero of old, Faylia shook her head.

“No, its original purpose seemed to be different.”

The first to pick up on what she meant was Mizuki.

“Could it be... something related to ‘the end of the world’ you

mentioned?”

“Yes. The Sacrament was made to forestall that event, which in turn

made it a preposterously strong weapon.”

“That’s what’s kept here...?”

Reiji gazed at the door leading further into the temple as if staring

through it. What he was thinking about was the weapon that lay beyond. A

weapon that could forestall the end of the world—a weapon that could save

the world. It would be within his grasp soon, but doubt that it would deem

him worthy was coming and going in the deep recesses of his heart.

★

The ritual to undo the seal would begin that night, which meant that the

relic would only be accessible the following day. Reiji and the others parted

with Faylia for the time being and boarded their carriage again to return to

Attila.

Inside the carriage, there was a strange, stuffy atmosphere that made it

hot and uncomfortable. But it was only natural. The explanation they’d

heard from Faylia would agitate anyone. Even Titania, who was always

calm, was restlessly moving her legs.

Similarly, Reiji was also unable to cool his excitement. He might be on

the verge of obtaining a powerful weapon—something extraordinary that

nobody else had been able to use since the time of the hero who brought it

to this world. He didn’t feel like a “chosen one,” but it was nice to think that

he might be. He wanted to get his hands on it as soon as possible and find

out. Ruminating on all of this, he gazed down at the palms of his hands. It

was then that Mizuki called out to him.

“Hey, hey! Reiji-kun!”

“Hmm? What’s up, Mizuki?”

“I was thinking about something Faylia-san said. Did you not notice?”

she asked, putting a little extra emphasis on her question.

“Notice what?” Reiji asked in turn.

Mizuki made a grim face before continuing.

“Well, earlier, Faylia-san showed us that relic called the Lachesis Meter,

right?”

“Mm, that’s right. What about it?”

“Think about it. ‘Meter’ is English. And ‘Lachesis’... If I remember

right, that’s the name of some god.”

“I don’t know much about gods, but you’re right about the ‘meter’ part.”

She was right, but Reiji didn’t really think it was anything they needed

to be concerned about. And as he looked at Mizuki curiously for making a

big deal out of it, she started to grow frustrated that he didn’t understand.

“Augh... Really think about it, Reiji-kun.”

Reiji did as he was asked and tried thinking about it again. He went over

what happened in his head, and couldn’t remember anything strange about

anything Faylia had said or done while she was talking about the relic. It

seemed like Mizuki had fixated on the name of the item—the Lachesis

Meter. That’s what Faylia had called it. And...

“Ah! The movements of her mouth!”

When he realized what Mizuki was talking about, Reiji suddenly jumped

to his feet in the carriage. Seeing that he’d finally put it together, Mizuki

was happily nodding her head repeatedly.

“Exactly! Faylia-san actually said ‘Lachesis Meter’ in English. In other

words, she was using language from our world.”

“So it’s language from your world, is it? Your Royal Highness, you try

saying it.”

Because it was used to describe something that wasn’t of this world,

there was no equivalent for it in the native tongue. That being the case, the

magical translation shouldn’t work on it and Reiji and Mizuki should hear

exactly what Titania said instead. It being a completely foreign phrase to

her, her pronunciation was far from perfect.

“Pfft...”

“Heh...”

Hearing the weird way Titania had said “Lachesis Meter,” Mizuki and

Reiji were unable to keep their snickering to themselves.

“Please don’t laugh, the both of you! Good grief!”

“Sorry, sorry.”

Titania had gone completely red from embarrassment, and Reiji

apologized. Meanwhile, the person who’d tricked her into saying it—

Graziella—was smirking contentedly. Titania huffed as she turned her gaze

on Graziella. Seeing them like this, they really did seem to get along like

sisters. But setting that aside...

“That means the person who brought the relic here was from our world,

too.”

That seemed to be the logical conclusion considering the name. It was

highly unlikely other worlds used the English language. That was what

Reiji thought, but Mizuki’s mind was somewhere else.

“That may be. But in that case...”

According to legend, three heroes were summoned to this world to

defeat the tyrant. One was the wielder of the Sacrament, and the other two

were mages. The story went that they were all from the same world.

“You mean... that there are also mages in our world?”

Reiji caught his breath. The ultimate conclusion he’d arrived at was

absolutely shocking. He could scarcely believe that the stuff of sword and

sorcery novels really—secretly—existed in his world. He was inarticulate at

just the thought. But while he was sorting through his feelings, he could

hear a creepy chuckle coming from beside him.

“Heh heh heh... Amazing, just amazing! Reiji-kun, Reiji-kun! Magic

really exists! In our world! It’s like the curtain to a great dream has finally

been lifted!”

“Mizuki, that’s corny...”

“Whatever! You don’t need to retort every single time!”

Mizuki puffed out her cheeks in response to Reiji’s quip. But she was

too excited to stay like that for long. She quickly began smiling again, and

wouldn’t stop for quite some time.

“This means you and Suimei-kun can’t say I have chuunibyou anymore!