You’re pressing down too hard, daaamn iiit!”

As Lefille pinned down both his shoulders, everyone around them was

observing them in bewilderment. Not just because of what they were doing,

but because of what they were talking about.

“Suimei... This isn’t... like him...”

“He really must have been at his wits’ end. I have seen Suimei-dono act

like this once before...”

Felmenia was reminded of when Suimei first came to this world and

went on a rampage in the audience chamber. Back then, he completely lost

his composure at the unreasonable situation thrust on him. He at least had

the self-control not to go berserk with magicka, but he did apparently act

his age every now and then. Before long, after Suimei managed to calm

down, Gaius was the one to get the conversation back on track.

“Did you at least get his name?”

“Y-Yeah... He called himself Eanru.”

“Eanru, huh?”

“Hmm? Now then, just where have I heard that name before...?”

Gaius didn’t have a clue, but it seemed to ring a bell for Rumeya.

Suddenly realizing it for herself, Selphy’s face became completely pale.

“I too have heard that name before... Over a hundred years ago, there

was a terrifyingly strong dragonnewt who defeated the ‘Man-Eating Evil’

that nobody was said to be able to take down.”

“That’s who he was?” asked Suimei.

“If I remember right, my master told me his name was Eanru. It’s

probably...”

“Good grief, so that crazy bastard was... Well, I guess if that was a

hundred years ago, they’ve got hellaciously long lifespans, huh?”

Suimei let out a sigh like he was annoyed. Rumeya was the one to

answer his question.

“Dragonnewts, elves, and dwarves are all similar in that they have long

lifespans. I’ve also heard stories of the Man-Eating Evil too. That

dragonnewt is probably already two hundred years old or so, I imagine.”

“Great. There are plenty of people in this world that live that long? That

gives me chills.”

Suimei exaggeratedly grabbed his shoulders and trembled, and it was at

that point that Felmenia joined the conversation.

“Is it bad if they live long?”

“Back in my world, most of the guys who live for a long time are

dangerous. That’s kind of the standard. Even those who live for just a

hundred years are all dangerous. Like, super dangerous.”

“Then for you to go so far, Suimei-dono...”

While Felmenia made a grim expression as she muttered, Suimei

recalled the list of such monsters he’d come across. It included the leader of

the Society, the chairman, the monster professor, and the Greed of Ten.

They were all magicians who possessed dreadful power. During this pause

in the conversation, Hatsumi spoke up.

“Is it alright with everyone if we bring this to a close? I’m alright, but...”

Hatsumi tossed a glance Suimei’s way. He didn’t even bother putting up

a strong front.

“I just wanna sleep. Let’s call it a night here.”

Guessing that Hatsumi was also tired, he expressed his own desire to get

some rest. It was a man’s job to stay tough in situations like this, but it

would do the army well to see Hatsumi get some rest. Just as he was

thinking of finding a place to do the same himself, Suimei stood up and

suddenly felt a presence behind him. And as he tried to figure out who it

was...

“Since you can’t move, Suimei-kun...”

“Huh?”

Just as he thought he heard Lefille’s voice, someone grabbed his arm.

He was then lifted up and confusingly turned around in the air. By the time

he realized what was going on, Suimei found himself on Lefille’s back.

“Wai— ＠×〇△?!”

“Suimei-kun, you’re speaking gibberish, you know?”

“Whatever! What the hell are you doing, Lefi-san?!”

“You seemed to be having trouble moving on your own, so I thought I

would carry you?”

He was thankful for her consideration, but being a man carried on a

woman’s back, he was getting weird looks from everyone.

“S-Stop, stop, stop it! Let me down! I’m fine, so just let me down!”

“No way. You’re tired, right? It’s better not to force yourself.”

“Forget forcing myself! Being carried by a girl is far too lame!”

“That’s too bad. This is what you get for using your power up to its

limits.”

“That’s not my...”

He was going to say “fault,” but was suddenly distracted when he

realized Rumeya was snickering at him.

“Heh heh heh...”

“Wha— You! Don’t laugh!”

“But, you know....”

“I don’t know, damn it! Menia, what the hell are you laughing for too?!”

“It’s just so unusual for Suimei-dono to be so intensely perturbed.

Heehee...”

Felmenia pointed this out to him, but she was making a gentle smile the

whole time. He was quickly running out of allies. Suimei was reaching his

breaking point, but it didn’t stop Liliana from taking her turn.

“Suimei, accepting the goodwill of others... is the adult thing to do.”

Those ever-so-innocent words were what dealt the final blow. In the end,

judging that he would be unable to escape his fate of being carried away,

Suimei could only grandly scream out his resentment.

“God daaaaamn iiiiiiiit! You guys, I’ll fucking remember thiiiiiiiis!”

After spending a night resting in the fortress, Suimei’s party returned to

Miazen.