“U-Urgh!”

The moment the crystals were about to reach Ilzarl, he must have sensed

the subtle nature of their power. He leaped back, but the tip of one of his

chains didn’t make it far enough away. When the crystals touched it, it

froze, turned blue, and shattered. Indeed, the chain that had broken through

Faylia’s powerful magic was destroyed with ease.

“The crystal sword Ishar Cluster...”

The name of the sword suddenly came to Reiji’s mind. Faylia had said it

was something that could freeze anything in existence, but that wasn’t quite

right. Objects simply appeared to freeze before its sheer power.

And for some reason, Reiji could see that Ilzarl’s movements had

become sluggish. When the sword appeared, when it awoke, when he used

its power... Even though Reiji had left himself open plenty of times, Ilzarl

hadn’t taken the initiative to attack him even once. Was it simply the

negligence of an arrogant opponent? While Reiji was pondering this, he

firmly gripped Ishar Cluster’s hilt and leaped forward.

“Huh?! What?!” he immediately stammered.

Much to his surprise, rather than leaping, he nearly went rocketing

through the air. It was unlike anything he’d experienced before, and he went

much further than he’d anticipated. Feeling like he had lost control, he

panicked in the air. Realizing crashing into something at this speed would

be bad, he flailed in the air before reaching down with his left hand and

spreading his braced legs wide. He tried to catch as much ground with those

three points of contact as possible, and kicked up a trail of sand and dirt

behind him as he gradually slid to a halt.

“I stopped...”

Facing the wall he’d nearly hit, Reiji let out a sigh of relief. But then,

suddenly realizing he was wide open...

“Behind me?!”

“Huh...?”

It was Ilzarl who’d yelled out in shock, and Reiji who was left

bewildered. By the time he realized what was going on, everyone was

staring at him in surprise. They looked like the unthinkable had just

happened. Observing this, a thought crossed Reiji’s mind. He wasn’t the

only one who’d been surprised at his speed—but the reason everyone else’s

astonishment came later was because nobody had been able to react in time.

Even Ilzarl was slow to respond. Adding it all up, the only explanation

seemed to be that Reiji’s own senses had been accelerated.

Keeping his theory to himself, Reiji focused on Ilzarl’s movements. And

just as he thought, Ilzarl seemed to be moving much slower than before.

Slow enough that Reiji could see openings to attack. But he saw something

else in those openings—hope. All of a sudden, the absolute despair of

fighting an impossibly doomed battle vanished into thin air.

He blocked the copper chain that came flying at him with Ishar Cluster.

He could feel the shock of the blow, but it was nothing compared to what

he’d experienced trying to stop Ilzarl’s bare hand before.

“This is... the power of the sword...”

“I see... That’s why that guy said it could reach even Zekaraia. To think

it could elevate a mere offering to being able to put up a fight...”

Reiji could hear surprise in Ilzarl’s voice, yet he kept his composure. It

was true Reiji was no longer dominated by the despair of fighting an

overwhelming opponent, but even so, he could still feel the dominating

strength coming from Ilzarl. It told him that he had to fully unleash the

power of the sword. As such, he stabbed the tip of Ishar Cluster into the

ground with all his might.

“HAAAAAAAAH!”

Reiji roared, and Ishar Cluster began to radically suck in his mana. As it

did, the ground began to crystallize into enormous, glacial, vitreous ores.

Rather than specifically surrounding Ilzarl, they spread out through the

entire grotto. Ilzarl used his chains entwined with red lightning to fend them

off, but the smashed crystals only continued to spread. And eventually, even

the chains that were being used to smash the crystals began to freeze. At

this rate, Reiji could do it. He could take Ilzarl. And just as he was thinking

that...

“Huh? Urgh, ah... Wh-What...?”

Suddenly, his vision grew shaky like he’d been struck with vertigo. Just

like that, his knees gave way. He no longer had the strength in his legs to

stand. And as he fell, the blueish crystal ores all shattered as one.

“Reiji-sama?!”

“My body... All my mana... was sucked up...”

“With this kind of power, it’s obvious it would require a significant

amount of mana to sustain. It just means that this weapon is more than you

can handle.”

Talking down to Reiji like he knew everything, Ilzarl drew closer. And

once again, Reiji was left utterly powerless.

★

Ilzarl was closing in on the vulnerable Reiji, who had used up his mana.

This time, there really was nothing he could do. Watching this all unfold

right in front of her, a restlessness stirred in Mizuki.

It was exactly the same as when they’d fought Rajas. She was forced to

taste the bitterness of her own helplessness. Perhaps this was even worse.

Here, because she was a hindrance in battle, she’d had no choice but to fall

to the back. And if this was how it was going to be, was there any meaning

in her coming with Reiji? She’d promised to help him, but what could she

even do? She asked herself all this, but her questions were almost

immediately overwritten.

“Do you wish to fight?”

She swore she heard a voice from somewhere.

“What? Who is that?”

While supporting Faylia, who was sweating and panting in pain, Mizuki

looked around for the source of the voice. It wasn’t the voice of anyone

present, and she couldn’t see that anyone else had entered the room. As she

sat there completely bewildered, she heard the voice again from seemingly

nowhere.

“Tell me: do you wish to fight, or do you not?”

Mizuki couldn’t understand the intent behind the question, but she’d

known her answer for a long time now.

“I... want to fight too. I want to be useful to everyone...”

Immediately after putting her true feelings into words without the

slightest hint of pretense or falsehood, Mizuki’s consciousness slipped into

darkness.

★

In another sudden turn of events, right as Reiji fell to his knees...

BAAAAAAAANG!

With a utterly strange and incomprehensible sound, the air between Reiji

and Ilzarl exploded.

“W-Wuh....”

“Wh-What is it this time?!”

Reiji covered his face to defend from the explosion in front of him.

Ilzarl leaped back in an attempt to escape it, but the explosion chased him

all the way to the grotto wall. When it began to subside, Reiji could hear

something behind him...

“FUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

It was a familiar voice, a loud laughter that he remembered hearing

before, that rang through the cavern. Reiji suddenly had a terrible feeling

and quickly turned around. Behind him, he could see Mizuki standing there,

her arms crossed in a haughty pose as she continued to laugh loudly.

“M-Mizuki?!”

“H-Hey, what’s the matter all of a sudden, Mizuki?!”

Titania and Graziella both directed their confused inquiries at her. And

the answer they got...

“My name is not Mizuki!”

Hearing that nonsensical declaration, question marks were floating over

everyone’s heads. If she wasn’t Mizuki, then who was she? Their puzzled

gazes all seemed to be asking the same thing.

“Every single one of you! You shall do well to listen carefully! I am the

ultimate ruler who controls everything in all three thousand worlds, the

Holy King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami!”

In answer to her bold declaration, Reiji shrieked.

“WHAAAAAAAAAAAT?!”

Indeed, Reiji had entirely forgotten that he was sitting on the ground

exhausted of mana. He let out a tremendous wail at the top of his lungs. To

him, the least likely scenario conceivable had just unfolded. It was too

much to take silently. Seeing him completely lose his composure, Titania

called out to him in bewilderment.

“R-Reiji-sama?”

“M-Mizuki! Mizuki, that’s... just... This isn’t the time for that!”

“What are you saying?! If not now, then when would you say is the

time?! FUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Just what had come over her? Totally ignoring Reiji’s pleading, she

began laughing more heartily than ever. Watching this curiosity develop,

Ilzarl, who had retreated back to the wall, looked almost daunted as he

raised an astonished question.

“What? Did you lose your mind?”

“What a rude fellow. I assure you this exquisite mind of mine is exactly

as it should be!” With that, Mizuki suddenly clutched at her left eye. “Ah, it

throbs... It aches, this left eye of mine... It throbs sonorously as it furiously

demands I obliterate the scoundrel who has wronged me...”

Looking closely, one of Mizuki’s eyes was shining with a golden glow.

Even though both her eyes had always been the same color before, Reiji

could see for himself that they had become heterochromatic—just like she

always wanted.

“Hear me, half-naked man! I shall now grant you a fate beyond this

plane, dropping you into the eternal glacier known as the depths of hell,

born of God’s twisted mind!”

“...”

“You should feel honored! For soon, you will be lining up before the

great Demon King! FUHAHAHAHAHA!”

Mizuki thrust her finger out at Ilzarl as she unflinchingly pronounced his

fate. Meanwhile, Reiji was pointing at Mizuki, his mouth gaping like a fish

out of water. As for Ilzarl, as expected, Mizuki’s boasting didn’t sit well

with him and he seemed to be rather irritated. He left impressions in the

ground as he firmly stepped forward, exuding a strong, terrifying presence.

“To think that you would be unable to comprehend the glory of the

words coming from my divine mouth! You absolute fool of woefully

inadequate intellect! Take this!”

With that, a colossal amount of mana was released from Mizuki’s body.

“Huh?!”

“What?!”

Both Reiji and Ilzarl were stunned—one a close friend who had been

traveling with her all this time and was surprised at this irregular display of

mana, and the other an enemy in absolute shock at the dreadful display of

power being put on in front of him. Ilzarl rightfully put up his guard as

Mizuki began chanting.

“Oh Fire and Earth. Raise your glorious, innocent hymn. My temple

stands firm in this place. Become the red hot iron and the fully-blown

furnace, and flood all before me. Follow my hand, Cathedral Forge!”

What Reiji heard was a composite spell unlike anything he’d ever

witnessed. He’d never heard those keywords before, either. But as soon as

she’d said them, multiple stone pillars shot up from the ground beneath

Mizuki. They lifted her up at their center, right up to the ceiling of the

immense grotto. Just as Reiji was thinking they looked like they formed a

temple, the stone pillars became red hot, seemingly heating the floor

beneath them. It looked like they were melting it.

“Climb up! If you bastards waste any time, you too will be caught in the

flood of this incandescent red blood of mine!”

“Huh? R-Right!”

Following Mizuki’s directions, Reiji and the others climbed up to her

position. And not a moment too soon. The floor of the grotto then sank into

boiling red lava, which rippled into a tsunami and rushed towards Ilzarl.

“This is bad! We won’t be able to breathe, Mizuki!”

Seeing the growing amount of surging lava, Reiji panicked. He was

worried that the gas it emitted would quickly overtake the oxygen in the

grotto, leaving them to suffocate. He immediately urged Mizuki to dismiss

her spell, but...

“Do not fear. Even in this enclosed space, as long as you remain within

this Cathedral Forge of mine, you need not worry about air. Though there

seems to be an exception outside as well...”

“An exception?”

“Cast thy gaze upon that.”