up to the sky and then came crashing down on him. He thought surely

Suimei would know better than to think an attack like this would work on

him, but Eanru would yet again be surprised. It wasn’t exactly an attack.

“Ground Seal.”

All Eanru could see was an incessant avalanche of dirt. And before long,

it completely covered him up.

★

As the rising cloud of dust settled down, the ground fell smoothly into a

shape like a whirlpool. Seeing Eanru sink under the Ground Seal spell,

Suimei could hear Hatsumi shout out in exaltation at their apparent victory.

“You did it!”

“Nope.”

It was too soon to declare this a win. Hatsumi, however, was rather

baffled at the disparity between what she was seeing and Suimei was

saying. Suimei held up his hand and urged her to step back, and just as he

did, the whirlpool of earth burst open with a thunderous roar. What soared

into the sky from below was none other than Eanru.

“When I heard you say that you fancied attacking people when their

guard was down, I thought you meant surprise attacks. But now I see this is

what you meant, isn’t it?”

Praising Suimei, Eanru spoke in a refreshing tone like he hadn’t been

wounded at all. Secretly grinding his teeth to see his opponent like that,

Suimei replied frivolously.

“It’s just the difference between cowardice and elegance.”

“My goodness, I’ve learned a lot from you. Since it’s standard for mages

to chant and fire, my actions have unexpectedly become quite monotonous

and dull, it seems. But... it’s also refreshing to be surprised once in a while,

you know.”

“Well, you’re welcome.”

Suimei’s tone of voice made it clear what he was really saying was “shut

up.” Eanru looked at him questioningly, a dangerous glint in his topaz eyes.

“You realized I wasn’t defeated from that just now, right? Why didn’t

you prepare anything else to follow up?”

“Who knows?”

“I didn’t think you were the type to overlook such an opportunity. It was

the same when your magic unnaturally paused earlier. In that case... there

must be a reason you couldn’t fire.”

“...”

“From the looks of it, it seems I hit the mark.”

Seeing Eanru’s increasingly confident expression, Suimei once more

ground his teeth. Eanru’s guess was indeed a bullseye. Just as he said, the

reason Suimei had stopped firing magicka was because he couldn’t. Due to

his repeated use magicka, entropy in the area was nearing its limit.

As such, he was unable to deal a decisive blow. Just using some half-

assed magicka that wouldn’t trigger the magicka melt phenomenon would

be completely futile. That’s why he’d chosen a spell that would at least buy

him some time.

Magicka woven together using modern magicka theory could be cast

quickly. However, it also increased entropy greatly, creating a bottleneck of

sorts. There needed to be an interval between spells, and when there wasn’t,

a magician could end up a single step away from disaster like Suimei was

now. He knew the risks of what he was doing, but nevertheless, falling into

this kind of situation was vexing all the same.

After wiping off the dirt and sand on his clothes, Eanru once more took

a combat stance. He—unlike Suimei who had been hamstringing himself all

this time—was composed and didn’t have a single wound to show for their

entire fight. He looked truly unstoppable.

Based on appearance, he reminded Suimei more of an Eastern dragon,

but his fighting style was just like that of the Western version. The

distinction was also a bit hazy, especially concerning the origin of the evil

eye that became the draconic eye. Since the eight great dragon kings from

the Lotus Sutra also had poisonous eyes, Suimei had assumed that this was

somehow related. But because his ground sealing spell didn’t work on

Eanru, it was difficult to imagine he came from those water gods. The

power to suck up and scatter the earth was distinctly a Western dragon’s.

There was no mistaking that.

Just the fact that Eanru resembled a dragon at all terrified Suimei, but

what was truly dreadful were his attacks and the weight behind them. For a

while now, Suimei had been carefully observing his strikes and

shockwaves. Such power should be impossible with Eanru’s slender body,

but if his weight wasn’t properly reflected by his appearance—which was

relatively common in inhuman creatures—it might be a different story. It

was a power different from magicka, born purely from brute strength, it

worked similarly to the Long Sword of the Absolute Edge that Hatsumi

used. Their attacks were simply that powerful.

This man was a master in close-range combat. But it was also a poor

move to stay too far away from him. Looking at it from a scientific angle,

he had something like a high-output microwave shockwave combined with

a noise weapon like a plasma emission device. From a magicka angle, it

could be described as exponentially increasing the heat in the area and

causing forced combustion. That was how he’d leveled their surroundings

before the fight. And just like his breath, he could control its directionality.

“Though lightning breath is way scarier...”

Suimei was reminded of a similar attack he had seen before. It was

different from a dragon’s roar, but it had come from a creature that took the

shape of a human and let out an attack that annihilated all living things—all

from its mouth. Of the destructive organic attacks that creatures above

ground could use, breath attacks were considered one of the most atrocious.

Because they were so unique in nature, they were nearly impossible to

properly defend against.

And the monsters that could use them stood at the top of the pyramid in

terms of power, even in the modern world. Their prowess boggled the mind.

It was mythical—like it came straight out of legend. It was like such power

came from a completely different time and era. A completely different

dimension.

And these monsters cold take humanoid forms. Perhaps that was true in

this world as well, and the dragonnewt was one such example.

As if to confirm this, Eanru began moving in a way that could not

merely be described as “superhuman.” He leaped about like he was toying

with Suimei who, even with the eyes of a magician, was unable to keep up

with him. Rather than just being fast, Eanru was moving in ways that were

impossible for a human to conceive.

As the green bolt of lightning struck the ground and leaped to a new

location, Suimei would try and follow the trajectory with his eyes. But

before he knew it, he’d looked too far the wrong way and lost sight of him.

When he realized and looked back, the only thing he could catch a glimpse

of was the trail of light Eanru left in his wake. Looking this way and then

that, Suimei’s eyes darted around fruitlessly. He just couldn’t keep track of

him.

Before such otherworldly power, Suimei had no card to play. And so he

decided to increase the output of his mana furnace. With that single thought,

the reactor core within his body was released, and with that figurative

kindling thrown into the furnace, his heart rate skyrocketed. The pounding

in his chest was louder than anything else he could hear. Surpassing his own

limits, he pushed his body on as far as it could go.

“Just how much mana...”

Eanru was still untraceable, but he let out a few words of admiration.

The mana furnace was a sort of organ that generated mana

commensurate to a magician’s mana consumption and helped support them.

For a normal magician, there was a limit to the mana they could use stably

without triggering an overflow, called “regular mana.”

The mana furnace would generate mana alongside that to manifest the

mysteries. And after a magician’s regular mana was exhausted, the mana

from the furnace would overtake it and essentially shut down the magician.

Releasing the reactor core was a way to prevent that by releasing the

limiters on regular mana to match the output of the furnace.

When that happened, up to what the magician’s body could withstand, it

was possible to continuously build up more mana. And the more mana a

magician had, the bigger and more powerful spells they could use. It would

push their bodies to higher-order existences, and increase the mysteries that

they could manifest.

Suimei still couldn’t see Eanru. This would be fatal if he couldn’t track

him down, and he could only think of one way to accomplish that. The

moment Eanru went on the offensive was the first time Suimei was able to

identify his location.

Suimei activated spells to reinforce and strengthen his body. After he

finished casting them, his back was struck as if assaulted by lightning. The

strike could have been fatal in and of itself, but Suimei was able to hold his

ground with his heightened body. And that presented him with an

opportunity.

Eanru still had his fist planted in Suimei’s back. Before he could break

away, the space in their surroundings was twisted by magicka. Reality

appeared as though it twisted like the inside of a marble, and Eanru’s center

of gravity was altered. His movements dulled. From there, Suimei went on

to amplify gravity itself.

“Gravitatem, duplex coniunctum!”

[Gravity, twofold concatenation!]

That wasn’t enough. Without dwelling on the spell, Suimei moved right

into the next and added on to it, completely negating any lag.

“Gravitatem, terci contexit!”

[Gravity, unite threefold!]

If Eanru had even a single free moment, he would be able to escape

from the gravity cage. Suimei knew he couldn’t stop his hands, mouth, or

magicka.

Suimei caught a glimpse of Eanru’s bitter yet delighted face. “Enchant

me more. Make me grind my teeth harder.” Suimei could understand what

he was thinking just from his expression. And that didn’t waver at all even

inside the gravity cage. In a way, it was terrifying.

Suimei fired magicka from the five elements. Using the teachings of the

five practices of the Bodhisattvas that mutually helped each other and

organized the world, he instead manifested the elements that antagonized

each other and gave birth to destruction. After creating a defensive circle

below Hatsumi, the raging five elements gradually reacted with each other

and caused an annihilation effect that blew everything away.

The scale of the blast surpassed that of Eanru’s roar. This time, the entire

darkwood forest was wiped off of the map without a trace. But lo and

behold, the dragonnewt was still there. Apparently resistant to attacks that

were pure force and power, Eanru was standing just outside Suimei’s range

while laughing delightedly.

The effect of the five elements was too weak. An attack based on a

higher-order concept wasn’t enough to strike down the dragonnewt. When

Suimei came to this conclusion, he let out a deliberately loud, belated

scream from the pain that assaulted his back. Unexpectedly, his feet

stumbled. His cold sweat turned to ice as it dripped off his back. And right

before him was now that green bolt of lightning that would never miss an

opportunity like this.

“I’ve got you, Suimei Yakagi.”

Suimei immediately moved to protect his head with his arm, and a fist

came flying right at it. The left arm he’d held up to protect himself was bent

backward. And as if that wasn’t enough, each of his legs took a strike.

Finally, an extraordinary kick was driven into his torso.

“G-Guuuah...”

Sent flying by the kick, Suimei’s body rolled across the ground. While

conscious that he was rolling as his head was whipped around and jolted

into a haze, he immediately started to apply healing magic to his broken

limbs. Even though he was immediately making a recovery, Eanru’s

shadow lurked right over him. He was open once again, and Eanru would

attack without fail.

“Ugh, rrgh, gaah....”

For every strike he received, Suimei applied healing magicka to his

body. But his magicka couldn’t keep up now. Taking blow after blow like

he was being hit with a giant iron wrecking ball, Suimei was receiving an

unprecedented beating.

I’m... going to lose here? Me?

Rolling across yet again, Suimei came to a stop lying face down. He

could taste blood and dirt in his mouth. His body was screaming. But even

so, he tried to stand. He clawed at the ground and grasped lumps of earth.

“Is this the end?” Eanru asked, unfeeling.

“Shut up...”

“But you can’t stand, can you?”