Felmenia shortly turned to him.

“Now that I think about it, Hatsumi-dono isn’t seeing you off?”

“Nah. I was always leaving home to head off somewhere, so she got out

of the habit of walking with me.”

“When you say it like that, it sounds like you were living together.”

Felmenia seemed to have fallen into ill spirits as she looked at Suimei

with a reproachful gaze.

“What are you pouting for? We’re cousins and our houses were right

next to each other. We were just like family should be. Besides, don’t I live

together with you right now?”

“Huh? Ah, that is true, but...”

In a complete one-eighty from her pouting, Felmenia was now broadly

grinning in a happy manner.

“Besides, Lefille and Liliana also live with us too.”

“Yup.”

As Suimei declared that they all lived under the same roof, he didn’t

really seem to pay any mind to Liliana nodding alongside him. To him, he

probably only saw the girls as companions and roommates. He was

probably conscious that he was getting along on better terms with all of

them, but because each of them had their own reasons—Felmenia had been

sent by king Almadious and Lefille had her curse to consider—the late-

blooming Suimei who had no experience with love was unable to properly

grasp their affection.

“Felmenia Stingray, this is the beginning. It all starts here. You only

started learning magicka, and you promised to go visit another world. There

are still plenty of chances to get closer. Plenty!”

Felmenia turned her back on them and began mumbling to herself in

encouragement. Liliana then tugged on Suimei’s sleeve.

“What’s up?”

“About that mage... with the large build... from before. Is it true... that if

you properly fought him... you wouldn’t win?”

“Probably. With a magician of that level, it would be quite difficult.”

“Of that level...?”

“Yeah. It’s probable that the magicka system he used is quite ancient,

and therefore troublesome... In short, his techniques are outrageous.”

Hearing Suimei’s turn of phrase, Felmenia and Liliana both tilted their

heads to the side.

“Suimei-dono, you just said it was ancient, but what does that mean?”

“Exactly as it sounds. It would be an old magicka system from my

world. He’s probably someone who is somehow related to my world.”

There was enough evidence to suggest that— No, there really was no

other explanation that he could think of. The savage names that Romeon

used, the totemism that Clarissa used, and that magicka the mirage man

used at the end. There was no mistaking their sect had some kind of

entanglement with his own world.

“There is also Hatsumi-dono’s case, so I am not really surprised after all

this...”

“It’s just getting to be a bigger and bigger pain...”

After his small preface, Suimei went on to answer their suspicions.

“To break through that magicka, I need to go back to my world at least

once no matter what. I need to be taught by a magician who knows that

spell to find out just what its origins are. Until then, there’s probably

nothing that I can do.”

Hearing Suimei’s reply, Felmenia and Liliana both looked quite

concerned. Suimei then offered some conjecture.

“It’s only maybe... And this is completely subjective, but what he used

was a composite concept. Using two or three concepts that are in no way

similar, I think he created something that mixed them all together.”

“Mixing together concepts and c-creating a new one?!”

“Yeah.”

Felmenia raised her voice in surprise. Both she and Liliana looked as if

this was incredibly difficult to grasp.

“That kind of thing... is it something that can... be gathered and given

form?”

“Because they’re mixed, I think it can be given form. It’s the same as

anything else. For example, let’s see...”

“For example?”

“A hoe carries the concept of ‘plowing the earth.’ It’s a concept

understood by the symbol of an iron bar fastened to a pole. But by fastening

another tool to that, a new symbol is made that carries with it a new

concept...”

It was something like a crest. As Suimei spoke, he looked to his left and

right, and the two girls still looked quite stumped. But that was only natural.

Accepting what he was talking about was like denying pragmatism in the

world of magicka; it would be a breakthrough in the immutable laws of

magicka. Even if one did not know that, it was still something that could

not be easily understood.

“Aaah, sorry. Even though I don’t really get it myself, I was a bit hasty

in trying to explain it. Just forget what I said.”

As Suimei tossed that subject aside, Felmenia suddenly asked him

something else.

“Are there many magicians in Suimei-dono’s world who use that

magicka system?”

“No. That’s also the first time I saw it. I think there should only be a

couple people who use it, though.”

“Even though there are that few, you still know them?”

“I’ve got about three guesses. The magicians who used that magicka

would have been active during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.”

“Meaning?”

“They’ve all lived about five hundred years.”

“Five...?! Are they elves?”

“Nope, humans. Or, it would be better to say they were humans. They

stopped being human long ago, after all.”

“Stopped being human...? That’s...”

“They’re all monsters, you hear? Monsters.”

“Monsters that surpass you?”

“Just for the record, I’m basically a baby chick compared to them. Well,

at that level, pretty much every living being in the world would just be a

baby chick compared to you...”

The true abilities of such magicians could be completely grasped just by

ranking them. The reason he estimated himself lowly compared to them was

because of that. If one was not at their actual level, even as a high-ranking

magician, there was hardly a comparison. They were mere babes.

“...”

As Suimei fell silent, he recalled an incident from quite some time ago.

It was an unusual occasion where Nestahaim settled a dispute between

fellow magicians. Along with the magicka they were firing, he let out a

single word and reduced them all into infants in an instant. To be able to

make his targets abide by his will without even using a spell... It was a

technique completely beyond Suimei.

“Suimei... that phenomenon... Was it also that magician?”

That phenomenon—in other words those things that attacked them at the

end.

“Nope. That was caused by something else. They aren’t things that

people bring about intentionally.”

“The name... if I remember right...”

“Twilight syndrome.”

He never actually formally explained this to Liliana. However, Felmenia

had seen it once before.

“Suimei-dono, why did they appear then? When I last asked you, you

said that it was something that did not occur in this world.”

“That’s what I thought. In reality, the natural power in the world is

strong, so it shouldn’t be at the stage where twilight syndrome occurs.”

“But if it occurred at that time despite that, it means...”

“Just what does it mean, I wonder...”

Suimei began scratching the back of his head awkwardly. While he was

acting a bit exaggeratedly, he did seem to be actually thinking about it.

“Well, if I had to guess... What those guys are up to, taking that event

into account, they’re moving to hasten the end of the world... Wouldn’t that

be about right?”

Hearing that, Liliana cocked her head to the side.

“End... the world? But all they did... was swoop in and attack, right?”

“That’s true, but two sayings come to mind. ‘Important matters happen

more often than trivial ones,’ and ‘nature does not make great strides.’

Everything in nature proceeds gradually; there are no sudden leaps forward.

Thinking of it that way, the reason they attacked was... In short, their goal

was to abduct the hero, but it’s also possible one important matter that

comes out of this is that they are hastening the possibility of the end of the

world by doing so.”

Clarissa and the others had a goal in abducting heroes, that much was

clear. It was unknown whether it had anything to do with the demise of the

world, but something had brought about the twilight syndrome incident.

“I can’t completely throw out the possibility that it was a complete

coincidence... But that kind of thing is out of my area of expertise. I’m not

one of the denizens of twilight, so I don’t really know.”

With that, Suimei brought the conversation to an end and brought up

another of his worries.

“All that’s left... is Lefi, huh?”

“Lefille...?”

Suimei nodded bitterly as he recalled Lefille’s current condition.

“She’s... the same as always... no?”

“She’s probably dwelling on her defeat. It doesn’t show normally, but I

bet she’s frustrated.”

It affected her quite deeply that she was forced to taste defeat at

Clarissa’s hands. Since then, Suimei caught glimpses of her acting

somewhat impatient.

“Well, it’s not only that.”

“It’s that, right?”

“So it is.”

Thinking about what happened to Lefille’s body alongside her defeat,

the three of them each hung their heads down heavily.

★

While Suimei and the others were in anguish, Lefille was taking action

elsewhere, and was in the office of the Twilight Pavilion’s guild master,

but...

“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

AaaaaaaaaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

“Rumeya-dono, please don’t laugh! This isn’t something to laugh

about!”

“But, but... You know?! If you, if you show me something like that...

I’ll, I’ll... Hah! HAHAHAHAHA, HAAAAA!”

Rumeya was rolling around on the guild office floor, her tails whipping

about as she laughed with all her might. It sounded like she might choke

and die as she gasped and wheezed for air. Meanwhile, sitting on the sofa in

front of her was the one who was laying bare her innocent anger—Lefille,

who had once more become tiny.

“There’s nothing I can do! It’s not like I became like this because I

wanted to...”

“Aaah, aaaah... My stomach hurts. This is the best laugh I’ve had all

year.”

Seeing that she was still unable to stop laughing, Lefille was on the

verge of tears as she scowled bitterly at Rumeya. However, her expression

was just far too cute and didn’t carry a hint of dignity. After finally calming

down from her fit of laughter, Rumeya reseated herself on the sofa.

“No, but really... To think that your body becomes smaller when you use

too much of the spirits’ power. This never happened to Aldephize. Well, it

just shows how large a portion of Lefi’s body the spirits occupy is all...

Pfft!”

Clamping her hand over her mouth, Rumeya tried to stop herself from

breaking out into laughter once more. However, she was at her limits, and

her cheeks began to swell out as her mouth filled with air and a small laugh

leaked out. On the other hand, Lefille could only let out an exasperated

sigh.

“Please put a stop to that already. Suimei-kun and the others will be

coming over to say their farewells soon.”

“Is that so? Hmph... Then before they get here, there’s something I

wanted to talk with you about.”

She held her pipe close as her expression turned serious. Seeing that,

Lefille naturally responded in kind.

“Rumeya-dono, what is it that you wanted to talk about?”