No sooner than Lefille finished her chant did a vortex of red wind build

up around her, ripping through the blue sky. And the moment Clarissa

unleashed her fighting spirit, her ferocious mana sliced through the air like

silver slashes. Then they came at each other. Lefille let fly one powerful

slash after the other, but Clarissa was evading them with sharp movements,

returning her slashes with fierce attacks from her claws.

Perhaps because she was strengthened by totemism, or perhaps because

of the ferocious mana forming a sort of barrier around her, Lefille’s red

wind had practically no effect on her. Normally, that red wind would have

blown Clarissa away. And if that didn’t work, Lefille could ride it to make

an incredible, decisive attack. But neither seemed to be possible now.

Clarissa’s combat ability was on par with or even beyond Lefille’s,

meaning she possessed strength that rivaled Demon General Rajas. While

observing their battle with sidelong glances, Suimei and the others were

each dealing with the cultists swarming in on them in their own ways.

Hatsumi with her sword, Felmenia with wind magicka, and Liliana with the

exorcism magicka she was using before. Between the group of them, they

were making serious headway.

As for Suimei, he was snapping his fingers, the violent sound of which

played out like a rhythm as he continuously unleashed his strike magicka. It

didn’t take long before the ground was carpeted with the white-robed

figures.

“That’s the end of the idiots surrounding us! I’ll go and help... Huh,

wha?!”

Just as Suimei started to call out to Lefille, a magicka circle suddenly

appeared at his feet. Even with all the magicka circles he could summon

himself, he didn’t recognize this one at all. The words, numbers, and design

within it were all brand new to him.

“My foot is sinking?! Hey, it can’t be... This is a hole to the spirit

world?!”

As if he had stepped into a bottomless bog, Suimei’s body began sinking

into the magicka circle. He attempted to struggle and use flight magicka,

but was unable to escape the circle. The spell’s structure seemed to be

interfering with Suimei’s magicka and negating it as it swallowed his body,

which was now sunken hallway into the ground.

“Suimei-dono, take my hand!”

As Felmenia thrust out her hand, Suimei smacked it away with a severe

expression.

“You can’t! If you grab on to me, you’ll just get dragged in too!”

“But—”

“I’ll manage somehow! I’ll be right back, so I need you and the others to

take care of—”

Before he could finish talking, Suimei sank away into the ground. With

a ripple like he had fallen into water, the magicka circle trembled. Seeing

this happen before their very eyes, Felmenia and the others were touched by

astonishment and despair.

“S-Suimei-dono...”

“Impossible... Suimei was...”

“You gotta be kidding...”

The fact that Suimei had been caught by magicka was as big of a shock

to them as if heaven and earth had been suddenly reversed. Facing the

consequences of that, they were more flustered than ever before.

“Just now, who could have...?”

It meant that there was someone around who was capable of taking a

magician of Suimei’s caliber. As Felmenia scanned the area, she saw no one

who gave off that impression. And that only amplified her panic.

“Felmenia, we’ll talk later... Right now, everyone should focus... on the

enemies before us.”

“We’re already down to one!”

Liliana and Hatsumi called out to Felmenia and urged her to focus on

Jillbert. In response, Jillbert suddenly lifted her left arm into the sky.

“Unfortunately for you...”

Jillbert snapped her fingers and more cultists began appearing from the

alleyways. Seeing that they kept coming and coming no matter how many

of them were defeated, Hatsumi let out a groan.

“There’s no end...”

“Ain’t that obvious? The Hero of Salvation, a magician on par with

Eanru, the Shrine Maiden of Spirits, and important mages from Astel and

the Empire... With all of you as opponents, we literally couldn’t bring

enough.”

Jillbert swung her arm down, unleashing a wave of power that gave birth

to a violent wind. As it blasted forward, it ripped up the very ground

beneath it. The first to react to Jillbert’s attack was Felmenia.

“Wind, be my guardian. Surround me and repel those who face me!”

Quickly putting her magicka to use, Felmenia shielded everyone from

the incoming blast and fragments of earth. Seeing that, Jillbert flashed a

broad grin.

“Ooh, nice.”

“What... was that just now?”

“That? Oh, nothing. I just swung my arm. There’s nothing to it, really.

That damn dragonnewt can do something similar too.”

Suggesting that her technique wasn’t anything special, she spoke

frivolously. The others could barely imagine just how much strength would

be needed to bring about such a result.

“Alright, ’ere we go!”

Jillbert rotated her waist and brandished her weapon high overhead.

Even though she was quite far away, she seemed to be aiming for

something. Hatsumi immediately called for her allies to be wary, taking into

consideration she might be able to attack outside of her physical range.

However, completely skirting her prediction, Jillbert swung her halberd

with her whole body behind it... sending the axe head flying from the haft.

“Wha?! A chain weapon!” Felmenia gasped.

“Damn right! This here’s my special chain halberd. Better hurry up and

dodge it, kiddies!” Jillbert replied elatedly.

The axe was attached to the haft by a chain, which was sailing through

the air. Using centrifugal force to her advantage, Jillbert drastically changed

the trajectory of the axe by swinging the haft as it closed in on Felmenia

and the others. As the attack came in from a blind spot, Felmenia

immediately jumped out of the way to evade. And it was a good thing she

did. The axe head hit the ground like an exploding meteor, sending dirt and

rubble flying everywhere. Felmenia endured the wave of destruction, but

groaned bitterly.

“What a completely muscle-headed fighting style...”

“I’ve only known how to fight like this since I was a kid. Well, I’ll let it

pass that I don’t have any brains.”

With a smirk, Jillbert retracted the axe head to the haft of her halberd.

On the other side, Liliana stepped forward.

“Felmenia... I’ll back you up.”

“That’s—”

“Hey, no! You stay away! I don’t wanna fight with little kids!”

At Liliana’s offer to fight, Jillbert suddenly started making a fuss. She

didn’t want to fight against Lefille, nor she did she want to fight against

children. Apparently she was a rather a picky opponent.

“In that case... you don’t have to fight back.”

“But I can’t do that either! Aaaaah, damn it! Hey, White Flame! Don’t

you dare use Liliana Zandyke as a shield, you hear?”

“Of course not!”

In response to Jillbert’s commanding tone, Felmenia yelled back like it

hadn’t even needed to be said. To help cope with this rather unexpected

situation, Hatsumi stepped forward too.

“Felmenia-san, I will take the front!”

“You have my thanks, Hatsumi-dono!”

Making good on her word, she immediately ran past Felmenia and

bolted towards Jillbert at full speed. Her sword was still in its sheath, held

at her waist so that she could draw at any moment. She was planning on

letting out a slash while running, but as she approached, something came

flying at her.

“Urgh!”

In no time at all, Hatsumi reacted by drawing her mithril sword to block.

It caught two orichalcum daggers mid-strike. Looking down the daggers,

Hatsumi saw a young girl in pure white vestments with a hood covering her

eyes. She was holding the orichalcum daggers in a reversed grip, and was

unrelenting in her attack. She unleashed a violent flurry of slashes, and

Hatsumi responded in kind. Despite it being two blades against one,

Hatsumi handled it skillfully while slowly falling back. She could see a

flash of the girl’s eyes from under her hood every now and then, but they

looked almost hollow, as if she wasn’t really focusing on anything.

“So you’re saying you’ll be my opponent?”

“...”

She questioned the girl, but received no reply. Like the other white-

robed cultists, she was completely unresponsive... but something about this

was different.

“That one’s one of your companions,” called Jillbert.

For a moment, Hatsumi thought of Selphy and the others upon hearing

the word “companion,” but she quickly realized another grim possibility.

“A companion, you say...? You mean this person is also a hero?!”

“Bingo. Appropriate for the opponent of a hero, ain’t she?”

Hearing that question like she was being made light of, Hatsumi gave

Jillbert a sharp scowl. The little girl’s eyes were completely hollow, which

made her think that her will had been taken. In other words...

“If I go along with you people, this is how I’ll end up, huh?”

“If you refuse to cooperate, yeah.”

After saying that, Jillbert once more held her halberd at the ready. This

all happened as the afternoon sun began to fall low in the sky overhead.

★

“Lefille-san, I can perceive both anger and panic in your sword.”

On top of a triangular roof, Clarissa had her back to the red sun as she

looked down on Lefille and admonished her. Some time had passed since

the beginning of the fight, and it was now quickly approaching evening. As

Lefille squinted up towards the dazzling setting sun, she turned a question

to her opponent.

“What do you mean by that?”

“Exactly as I said. Your blade is impatient. Not so much that it is

distracted, but it is certainly not in equilibrium.”

Lefille snorted as she denied Clarissa’s words.

“I fought an enemy once who used such wiles. In a desperate ploy to

seize victory, they played a cowardly game in speaking nonsense to try and

shake me.”

“This is a warning. You mentioned victory, but I have nothing to gain

from this battle. If you knew our objective, you would naturally understand.

Besides, have you not already realized it? To speak of victory so, you must

already be shaken.”

“...I’d rather you not speak like you knew what I was thinking.”

“It would not hurt you to heed my warning. But I understand. There is

nothing more bitter than hearing unneeded, meddlesome advice from

someone with an advantage over you.”

Shrewd, and true. To hear a warning in the middle of a battle was in fact

supremely irritating. Having that pointed out on top of everything only

needlessly increased Lefille’s irritation.

She wanted to use her sword to shut Clarissa’s mouth. But she couldn’t

easily do that in the position she was in, which frustrated Lefille even more.

Clarissa wasn’t out of range where she was standing, but even if Lefille

unleashed a wave of red wind from her sword, it would never actually hit

her. And, unable to shut her up, Lefille had no choice but to listen to

Clarissa’s belittling speech.

“Lefille-san, only by accepting such advice are people able to attain

strength. For everyone to gain strength that will not lose to anyone, that is

my wish. No, that is our wish.”

Clarissa was making a grand sermon no one had asked to hear. In the

moment, she truly looked like a priest from the Church of Salvation.

However, Lefille had something to say herself.

“Then, Sister, I shall also give you some advice. Voicing your opinion to

an opponent is only something you get to do after winning. Only once your

foe is beaten to the ground to the point where they cannot speak do you earn

the privilege of lecturing them.”

“Certainly. It is exactly as you say. I am greatly obliged for your

advice.”

“Tch...”

She listened attentively. She extended her gratitude. Though Lefille

reproached her severely, Clarissa respectfully bowed back to her from atop