everyone walked in a wall around her, it would be much harder for the

military police to see her face. With their plan settled, Suimei and the others

surrounded Hatsumi and left the boarding house. After walking down the

street towards the palace a ways, Hatsumi suddenly turned to Lefille.

“I’m sorry about earlier. I ended up shouting all kinds of things...”

“We don’t particularly mind. There’s no need to apologize.”

Lefille accepted her apology with a refreshing smile. Suimei looked at

her like she was crazy and meant to object, but Felmenia scowled at him.

Remembering what he had just gone through with a frown, he found

himself unable to say a word.

“Goodness me. Really, it is all Suimei-dono’s fault for saying things that

invite misunderstandings in the first place... Hero-dono, we all said a great

deal earlier, but I do hope we can get along from now on.”

“Huh? Get along?”

Hatsumi was under the impression that she and the other girls had all

acknowledged each other as rivals, so Felmenia’s proposal came as

something of a surprise. Seeing her confusion, Lefille shook her head and

explained.

“That is that, and this is this. There’s no need to compare apples and

oranges, is there?”

“That’s how we see it, Hero-dono.”

“You might be onto something there... Mm, all right. Let’s get along.”

“I don’t know what you guys are talking about, but I’m fine with it if it

means everyone’s going to get along now...”

With things finally taking a turn for the pleasant, Suimei took in a big

breath of the freshly cleared air and let out a relieved sigh. His peace

wouldn’t last for long, however. Sensing something else afoot, Liliana got

his attention.

“Suimei... There’s a commotion up ahead.”

“Hmm?”

Upon hearing Liliana’s report, Suimei focused his eyes forward. There

was indeed something going on further down the street.

“What? A riot in broad daylight? You gotta be kidding me.”

Whatever was happening had gone well beyond the scale of a mere

brawl. There was a fairly large mass of people rampaging violently. The

shouting was audible even from a distance, and it was only growing louder

and angrier.

“I wonder what happened...”

“This can’t be anything good.”

Spotting a man fleeing from the uproar, Suimei questioned him as he

passed by.

“Excuse me. About the commotion... Did something happen?”

“I-I dunno. Those guys... We thought they were just gonna get on their

soapboxes like normal, but they suddenly got violent.”

“‘Those guys’?”

“I dunno, man. If you wanna know, go ask someone else!”

With that, the man quickly ran off down the street in the opposite

direction of the uproar, leaving Suimei and the girls in the dust. Realizing

they wouldn’t get any answers out of the panicking crowd, they gradually

made their way through the increasing waves of people fleeing the riot. And

eventually, at the source of the commotion, they found...

“These guys...”

“We saw them before, right? The Anti-Goddess something or other?”

Through a break in the crowd of people, they could see several figures

in white religious garb carrying metal canes. Lefille had introduced them to

Suimei as a suspicious cult that liked to sermonize in town.

But there wasn’t just one or two of them this time. There was quite a

mass of them all acting together as they struck their canes against the

ground and tore down the eaves and fences of the surrounding houses. And

strangest of all, not a single one of them was saying a single word. They

were like a silent, violent assembly line, attacking one building after

another. It was an odd, strangely eerie sight.

Suimei could hear angry, confused shouts from the crowd asking the odd

group what they were doing and calling for them to stop, but the white-

robed figures ignored all such pleas like they couldn’t even hear them.

There were probably plenty of people who’d tried to talk them down before

Suimei and the girls arrived, but it seemed all such efforts had ended in

vain.

“They’re coming... this way,” Liliana warned.

“What do... Well, guess I don’t need to ask, huh?” Suimei murmured.

“Isn’t it obvious that we’re going to subdue them?!” Hatsumi retorted.

“Naturally,” Lefille simply declared.

It seemed they both found Suimei’s question rather foolish. They wasted

no time in acting, either. They stepped forward and began taking out the

armed cult members. Hatsumi used her sword in its sheath to precisely

strike her opponents’ vitals to stop them from moving without mortally

wounding them. Lefille was also using her enormous sword in its sheath to

beat down the cult members. Shrieks like frogs being stepped on filled the

air.

Before the skill of the two talented swordswomen, the cult members

were utterly defenseless and fell on the spot. But just as Hatsumi and Lefille

thought that they had brought the commotion to an end, they realized that

more people in white robes were pouring out of the nearby alleyways.

“Hang on, just where are these guys all coming from...?”

As Hatsumi’s baffled voice reached his ears, Suimei looked over to

where the cult members were appearing and activated a far sight spell. He

used his magically enhanced vision to follow the line of white robes all the

way to its source, and...

“Hey, yo, hold up... This isn’t the only god damn place these guys are

rampaging around?!”

“What do you mean?”

“They’re rioting like this all over the city in every direction. Looks like

they haven’t gotten to the palace yet, though...”

But even so, they were still stirring the city into an uproar. Hearing

Suimei’s report, Hatsumi knocked down the cult member in front of her and

turned around.

“Yakagi, where’s the most concentrated chaos?”

“Hang on... Around the blacksmithing district. The guys over there don’t

just have canes, they’re armed with actual weapons.”

“They probably raided the workshops there. Suimei-kun, what are the

military police doing?”

“Looks like it’s taking all they’ve got just to chase down the robed guys

appearing all over the place, but there’s just not enough of them... They’re

normally just loitering around in droves. Didn’t security get strengthened

after what happened last time?”

“I can only guess, but I assume most of them are at the palace.”

“So because of that, everywhere else is basically defenseless? There’s

way too few... Ah.”

Suimei suddenly made a face like he’d realized something while he was

talking. Picking up on this, Felmenia questioned him.

“Is something the matter?”

“Suimei... You also noticed... didn’t you?” Liliana asked in turn.

Suimei nodded back to her. But it seemed it wasn’t just him who’d

noticed. Lefille nodded too. Suimei then took a moment to explain things to

Felmenia and Hatsumi, who both looked clueless.

“It’s likely that they’re mixing in with the supplemental guards or

something.”

From those few words alone, Hatsumi’s expression turned sour like

she’d just remembered something unpleasant.

“Ugh, it’s like the modus operandi of a certain terrorist organization...”

“My thoughts exactly.”

It differed slightly from what she was referring to, but it certainly did

smack of terrorist behavior they’d heard of in West. Terrorists would mix in

with refugees, tourists, and immigrants to make their way across

international borders in order to carry out their deadly deeds. Wolves were

blending in with the sheep, just like was going on here.

Once all the cult members in the immediate area were taken care of,

Suimei called out to Hatsumi.

“What are you gonna do? Go to the palace?”

“You said the blacksmithing district was where it’s really going down,

right? I’ll head there.”

“You would, huh?”

That much was to be expected of her sense of responsibility. That

serious side of her hadn’t changed at all, even after she’d lost her memories.

“Then... I will open up... a path for us.”

Liliana emerged at the front of the group, tottering along like usual. She

then thrust out her index finger like she was pointing at the approaching

group of white-robed figures that stood between them and the

blacksmithing district. She brought her arm into her line of sight and held it

up perfectly level with the ground. Then she pushed her finger forward ever

so slightly.

“Bang, bang!”

Immediately after making those imitative sounds with her mouth, the

cult members straight in front of her were thrown into the members behind

them with terrifying force. The whole line of white-robed figures started to

fall like dominoes, each one screaming as they dropped.

“Ugeh!”

“Hey, what are you— Gwah!”

“Wh-What?! H-Hey! Oof!”

They were standing so close together that each one who fell kept

crashing into the next in succession. But even though they were practically

taking themselves out, Liliana continued childishly mimicking the firing of

a gun, sending more and more of the cult members flying into each other.

Since her attack was one with no physical substance, the cult members at

the front weren’t even preparing magical shields to defend themselves.

Felmenia made a curious expression as she watched this play out.

“Suimei-dono, what’s that Lily is using?”

“It’s a kind of exorcism magicka that makes use of the ethereal. It

extends your astral body to directly strike your opponent’s.”

It was but one of many spells that fell under the great umbrella of

exorcism magicka. It made use of the idea behind an out of body experience

to purposefully manipulate one’s ethereal nature as an exorcism technique.

Using a guide like one’s finger or a staff, one could give their ethereality

direction, extending it with force to push away an opponent’s astral body.

And because the astral body and the physical body had an inseparable bond,

when the astral body was sent flying, the physical body would be pulled

right along with it, sending both of them flying together.

So in short, it was an astral attack, and could be considered quite

powerful magicka. But as Suimei explained all this, Felmenia looked quite

dissatisfied for some reason.

“You never taught me this magicka...”

“Come to think of it, I guess not, huh?”

“You guess not? Why did you not teach it to me?”

Felmenia seemed angry that she hadn’t been taught the technique, and

drew nearer to Suimei as she addressed him critically.

“Don’t pout just ’cause I taught her things a little out of order...”

“It is not just a little!”

“Technically, this isn’t even a particularly high-level spell.”

“Even so!”

There, she started yelling. She was far more obstinate than Suimei

imagined. In a surprisingly unusual turn for her, she was being quite selfish.

While they were having this little exchange, Hatsumi cut in and spoke up in

a slightly reproachful voice.

“Hey, would you guys mind saving this for later?”

“Y-You are right. My apologies...”

“They’ll all... be down soon. When the way is clear... let’s start running.”

At Liliana’s behest, the group made a break for it and crossed the bridge.

On the other side, they arrived in the blacksmithing district. They were

expecting to find cult members everywhere like Suimei had seen through

his magicka, but...

“The uproar settled down?”

The street was lined with stores and smithies, so it had a rather eccentric

look compared to other districts, but right now, it was surprisingly desolate.

The signs and boxes left outside the shops were all damaged, but they

couldn’t hear any shouting or ruckus in the area. It was like the storm had

already passed through.

“Yakagi, I thought you said the chaos was concentrated here?”

“Yeah. Up until now, it was, but... Just what does this mean?”

Suimei observed their surroundings dubiously. There was nobody

around. Were the people of the district and the dwarves who ran the