With the third imperial princess of the Empire, Graziella Filas Rieseld,

now accompanying them on their journey, Reiji’s party arrived at the self-

governed state of the Saadias Alliance. It lay in the west end of the northern

region, and was a long, narrow territory that overlooked the ocean much

like Chile in South America.

The puzzling title of “the self-governed state of the Saadias Alliance”

came from its history of repeatedly joining and leaving the Saadias Alliance

over administrative problems and events like the rise of the tyrant. Because

of that, its official name had never been solidified. Currently, its regional

administration was entrusted to an autonomous parliament independent of

the sovereign state Miazen.

After arriving at the border, Reiji and the others boarded a carriage

prepared by the Church of Salvation, and were now headed towards the

center of the self-governed state, the city of Attila. Following behind the

carriage were the three knights from Astel, as well as several of Graziella’s

subordinates from the imperial army. Riding along in the carriage was

Reiji’s party of four. Because of their previous hostilities with Graziella,

they thought it would be impossible to get along with her before leaving the

Empire, but...

“Listen to this! When we were in the audience chamber in the Empire,

when His Imperial Majesty looked down at me, he was scowling, you

hear?! I didn’t even do anything! Don’t you think that’s mean?!”

“Truly, he’s like that with absolutely everyone. He only holds back a

little with relatives and close associates. But that man... He pushed this duty

on me despite always treating the word of the Goddess and the church as

nothing but nonsense. It’s only at these incomprehensible times that he

lends an ear. There’s got to be a limit to his emotional instability.”

“Oh, and...! Duke Hadorious, was it?! That guy is super evil! He sets

traps for people, you know? And he takes hostages, you know? And he

bothers Reiji, you know?!”

“Hmph. All those men who pretend to be important are complete good-

for-nothings.”

“Right?!”

For some reason, Mizuki and Graziella were having a perfectly casual,

gossiping conversation in the carriage. The targets of their complaints were

the terrifying Nelferian emperor and Duke Hadorious. Even Graziella had

just insulted them both. Timed alongside the rattling sounds of the carriage

as it rolled down the road was their nonstop chatter as they continued to stir

themselves up. Titania eventually looked over at the two of them curiously.

“Mizuki... is surprisingly not a timid child in the least.”

Hearing the words she’d spoken out loud in wonderment, Reiji

responded from next to her.

“Really. To think that meek girl could talk about someone like that.”

“There’s that, but I am also surprised that she has already reached the

point of being able to talk with Her Imperial Highness Graziella on equal

terms...”

The person Mizuki was chattering on with so genuinely was a member

of an imperial family. Graziella had previously told them not to be reserved

with her, but they’d only been together as a group a short time. Reiji and

Titania still couldn’t help speaking politely to her, as well as minding their

words and manners in her presence.

The reason none of this applied to Mizuki was partially because she was

simply ignorant. As a modern high school girl, she could scarcely grasp the

absurd concept of lèse-majesté at all. However, fundamentally...

“It’s because Mizuki can get along with just about anyone. Whether it’s

how she immediately closes the sense of distance between her and other

people, or how the people she talks to somehow never think that she’s being

rude... It’s one of Mizuki’s good points.”

“But you also know her bad points too, right? Heehee...”

“Hahaha, well, yeah... It was all quite the disaster. In more ways than

one.”

Reiji returned a dry laugh to Titania’s smile. With what had first come to

mind when she mentioned Mizuki’s bad points, he suddenly felt tired.

Seeing his expression, Titania had an idea of what he was talking about.

“Could it be... that serious illness I heard of before called chuunibyou?”

“Yeah, it’s a terrifying thing. Mizuki’s case was quite severe, you see.

On top of talking completely incomprehensible nonsense, she wrought the

unthinkable.”

“The unthinkable, you say?”

“Yeah. They say that thunderstorms start as the tiny gust of air from a

butterfly’s flapping wings. In a frighteningly similar fashion, the things

Mizuki said had all kinds of ridiculous effects on her surroundings and

ramifications you would never believe.”

“I don’t quite follow, but I suppose I get what you’re trying to say.”

“Mm. Suimei called it a kind of curse that induced recognition bias, or a

transmitted curse that becomes a repetitive spiral of fear, or something like

that.”

“Suimei said that?”

“Back in the early days, Suimei also said a bunch of incomprehensible

things. With a completely serious face, too. Though he was nastier, there

was more truth to his nonsense than Mizuki’s. Whenever weird things

would happen around us, he was always right there with us, though.”

“Reiji-sama... Could it not be that Suimei was actually the one causing

such situations?”

“In a way, you may be right. Mizuki would be four parts, my meddling

would be four parts, and Suimei would be the remaining two parts out of

ten or something...”

Reiji looked out the window with a far-off gaze. Watching him like that,

Titania fell silent. Meanwhile, Mizuki’s idle conversation with Graziella

had ended, and she put on a smile as she leaned in towards Reiji.

“Hey, Reiji-kun, what were you talking about with Tia just now?”

“Huh? Oh, nothing in particular.”

Reiji didn’t think that she could have possibly been listening. But just as

he was regretting saying too much, he was betrayed.

“Just a little about your past, Mizuki. Reiji-sama was filling me in,

weren’t you?”

“T-Tia?!”

“Oooh, Reiji-kuuun! You know that I have a heap of stuff about my past

that I don’t want people to know, right?! RIGHT?!”

“But most of that is just reaping what you sow...”

“That may be so! That may be so, buuut...”

Mizuki was gripping both of Reiji’s shoulders while violently shaking

him back and forth. As she was getting her adorable revenge on him,

Graziella cut in to the conversation.

“Oh? I’m quite interested in Mizuki’s past. Tell me about it too. It seems

amusing.”

“No, it’s fine! Graziella-san doesn’t need to hear it!”

“What? Am I the only one being left out?”

“That’s not it, but— Aah, geez! This is all your fault, Reiji-kun!”

Yelling in distress, Mizuki just shook him even harder. In the end, Reiji

—the main reason for her tantrum—was the one to calm her down. Seeing

this all unfold, Graziella flashed a smile.

“It doesn’t get dull here, does it?”

“That does seem to be the case, does it not? The two of them are quite

cheerful, after all.”

After agreeing with a smile, Titania’s expression took a turn for the

serious. She then looked at Graziella, who was still watching Reiji and

Mizuki.

“But is this really alright, Your Imperial Highness?”

“What?”

“For you to take action alongside us.”

“Regarding that, did I not communicate that there was nothing that

could be done about it? The Goddess has spoken.”

“I understand, but what I am asking about is that with the current state of

the Empire, is it fine for you to be away from the imperial capital?”

Hearing Titania’s roundabout question, Graziella shrugged her shoulders

in exasperation.

“For a foreign princess to worry about our country is something else

indeed. Could Your Royal Highness be plotting to prey upon the weakness

of the Empire?”

“While the demons are getting stronger, discord and antagonism

between fellow humans is simply foolish. A crisis between allied nations

could be said to be as bad as a civil war.”

“That’s certainly true.”

“So?”

“Aah, honestly speaking, I didn’t want to leave. Because of that

incomprehensible disturbance, despite the scoundrels out there decreasing

in number, the power of the nobles has also been somewhat diminished.

And I can’t deny that the war potential of the Empire has declined, either.

Even if that wasn’t the case, relations with all the neighboring countries

have deteriorated.”

“I do recall Your Imperial Highness invading Astel’s territory at your

own discretion.”

“That may in fact have been overbearing, but in reality, was it not a

necessity? It was because that man defeated most of the demons before I

arrived that my act of goodwill was taken poorly.”

It was true. Astel and Nelferia were allied nations. If they had fought

together that day against the hordes of demons, Graziella’s actions would

probably have been praised. But with the threat diminished, she only ended

up being criticized for being hasty. Considering her actions were a wager to

improve the reputation of the Empire, however, she hadn’t done anything

ill-intentioned. Kicking away Titania’s poisonous words, Graziella gazed

off in the direction of the Empire.

“I have my misgivings. Now that the number of nobles that can take

their place on the battlefield has decreased, if the demons launched a large-

scale attack on the Empire, it would be a serious blow to us. And with the

current state of affairs, it’s entirely possible that our allied nations would

not raise a hand to help us as it happened.”

“In other words, the Empire would end up having to fight all on their

own, no?”

The reason she was troubled about being unable to get the cooperation

of other nations was not simply a matter of reinforcements. The Empire

would also lose access to strategic points along its supply lines. Goods,

information, and many other forms of support would stagnate. It would be

devastating in terms of battle. Because the Empire was such a vast nation,

its relationship with the surrounding territories was vital.

“Now, just who is it pulling the strings from behind the scenes...”

Hearing Graziella mutter that in a troubled voice, one man came to

Reiji’s mind.

Duke Hadorious.

Remembering the figure of the duke sitting at the desk in his office,

Reiji stood perfectly still where he was. His hunch hit him like an electric

shock. Seeing him abruptly go stiff, Mizuki cocked her head to the side.

“Reiji-kun, what’s wrong?”

“No...”

Without giving a real answer, Reiji started to turn his thoughts over in

his head. It was only a possibility, but Hadorious might be pulling the

strings behind the scenes. He might have even manipulated things so that

Graziella came along with them.

That would mean that he was the one to leak information to Graziella

about the demon attack in Astel, which would line up with what Suimei had

guessed. Suimei annihilating the demon forces was unexpected, certainly,

but Suimei had still been used as a decoy. Even if Hadorious ordered

Gregory to take Reiji and his party somewhere safe, it would have been

easy to predict they’d come running to save their friend. And if they just

happened to run into Graziella there... With Gregory’s family hostage, it

was a simple matter for Hadorious to coerce them into going to the Empire.

But if that were really the case, Graziella joining their party didn’t seem

to add up. Hadorious wanted to keep Graziella in check, which is why he’d

sent Reiji and his party to the Empire to keep an eye on her. And in order to

observe her in her role as princess, they would’ve had to stay in the Empire.

On top of that, there was no consistency in Hadorious pressuring the

church in order to control Graziella. Once Graziella joined them, they were

free to move and do as they pleased. It would be a different story if his

intent was to have Graziella join their party from the start, but it seemed far

too roundabout. If he was going to put pressure on the church, it would

have been simpler to do that from the start and have her join up with them

when they first met. Moreover, Graziella’s command to join them had

allegedly come from an oracle of the Goddess herself.

“The Church of Salvation and Duke Hadorious...”