Hearing Reiji suddenly mutter that, Mizuki questioned him.

“What about them?”

“I was thinking the reason we’re in this situation might be because of

them, is all.”

“What do you mean?” Titania asked.

“As Her Imperial Highness suggested earlier, if someone is jerking us

around, I think we can say for certain that they’re involved.”

“You mean to say that the Church of Salvation and Duke Hadorious got

together to orchestrate this?” chimed in Graziella.

“No, that would be hard to imagine. If that were the case, I don’t think

things would have panned out in such a roundabout fashion.”

“Hmm...”

Hearing Reiji’s thoughts, Graziella began stroking her jaw. Since this

involved her, she couldn’t just ignore it. Meanwhile, Titania gave her own

opinion on the matter.

“Duke Hadorious’s territory is adjacent to the Empire, so if the Empire

becomes isolated, it would likely be a welcome development for him.”

“My, that’s certainly a blunt denunciation of a lord from your own

country, is it not?”

“I hate that man.”

“Because you lost.”

“Urgh!”

Graziella landed a bullseye, causing Titania to let out an unusual groan.

While they were having this exchange, Mizuki recalled hearing about this

before.

“Tia lost? Ah, now that you mention it, Luka-san said something about

that once...”

“It’s nothing! Please do not pay it any mind!”

The princess of Astel was frantically trying to change the subject,

waving her hands in a rather wild and unprincessly fashion. Fortunately for

her, Mizuki didn’t actually seem all that interested in pressing the matter.

“But even if that’s true, why would he do that, I wonder? I can kinda get

the church getting involved, but Duke Hadorious...” she said.

“I also don’t know. I guess we’ll have to talk to Suimei about it again,

huh?”

“You’re right. It’s no surprise we’re lost without him, huh?”

In their little group of three, Suimei always played the brains. He was an

indispensable member of the team. As Reiji and Mizuki wished he was

there, Graziella called out to Reiji.

“At any rate, Reiji, you really value that man quite a lot, don’t you?”

“‘That man’... as in, Suimei? Mm, well, yeah, I do.”

“Suimei-kun is really reliable when there’s trouble. He’s always coming

up with ideas that we’d never have thought of.”

“And at times when everyone else is panicking, Suimei always keeps his

cool.”

“But then again... he blows his cool at the weirdest times. He’s always

disappearing, too...”

If it weren’t for that...

Thinking that with a bitter smile, Mizuki sighed. Graziella then leaned

over so she could speak with Titania privately.

“Reiji and Mizuki do not know of his true strength, correct?”

“That’s right. However, they do seem to know that he is very cunning at

critical times.”

“In other words, he’s too meddlesome to be able to conceal it all, huh?

What a naive man.”

“The reason Suimei’s conduct seems so unstable is probably because he

finds himself stuck between the things he wants to do and the things that he

must do. If you think of it like that, even his actions up to this point make

sense.”

“Oh?”

“Well, I do also believe it’s mostly because he’s awkward.”

Titania gave her honest impression of Suimei, and found Graziella

looking at her strangely.

“...What is it?”

“I was just thinking that the reason you’re speaking so bitterly about that

man is perhaps because you also lost to him.”

As Graziella implicitly pointed out that Titania was a sore loser, her face

turned bright red from shame.

“Absolutely not!” she yelled.

“As I thought. My goodness. Contrary to your refined appearance, you

really are quite the sore loser aren’t you, Your Royal Highness Titania?”

“You certainly have no room to talk, Your Imperial Highness Graziella!

In the end, you were also completely outwitted by Suimei, were you not?!”

Titania shouted to hide her embarrassment as she threw Graziella’s

words back at her. In the end, it didn’t change the fact that the both of them

were irritated over having more losses than wins when it came to Suimei,

but neither wanted to admit it. While they were bickering, Titania noticed

that Reiji and Mizuki were watching her little outburst intently.

“...Whatever is the matter, Mizuki?”

“Oh, nothing. I was just thinking you two get along unexpectedly well.”

“I do not particularly get along with Her Imperial Highness!”

“That’s right, Mizuki. Don’t misunderstand. I also have no intention of

making friends with Her Royal Highness.”

They both denied it, but Reiji and Mizuki were already convinced.

“But you know...”

“Right?”

As they gave each other knowing smiles, Titania yelled out once more.

“You too, Reiji-sama?!”

“I believe this is your fault, isn’t it, Your Royal Highness? If you hadn’t

asked in the first place, we wouldn’t be having this conversation.”

“Why are you acting like a victim?! Were you not talking nonstop as

well?!”

“What did you just say?”

“What?!”

And so the two princesses continued to quarrel. The carriage would stay

full of their shouting until the coachman informed them that they’d reached

their destination.

Because they had sent a messenger to the Church of Salvation

beforehand, everything proceeded smoothly after they arrived. It seemed

that the relic Reiji and the others were looking for was actually kept

somewhere off of church grounds. So after finishing their greetings with the

head bishop, they boarded another carriage and were taken to a large temple

a little outside the city.

A large building made of gypsum with a large dome was surrounded by

a great many stone pillars. The temple looked like a merger between the

Greek Parthenon and the Roman Pantheon. It was an impressive sight, and

that impression only grew stronger as they approached. Mizuki was

particularly enthralled, staring at it like she was in awe of a World Heritage

site.

“Whoooa... It’s amazing!”

As she shouted, Mizuki began running about like a child. Titania called

out to her, sounding like a concerned mother.

“Mizuki, if you run around like that, you’ll trip, you know?”

“It’s fine! The shoes I got from Suimei-kun are super high quality, so

they’re even more comfortable and perform better than my sneakers from

home! I can run and skip and hop and jump all over the place with these!

Look!”

Pointing at her boots made of an unknown animal leather, she happily

began prancing about to show them off. Titania followed her with an

astonished yet gentle smile. Lagging behind a bit were Reiji, Graziella, and

the escorts. After a short walk, they found themselves at the temple entrance

where a number of guides from the Church of Salvation wearing religious

habits were lined up waiting for them. It seemed they’d been informed of

the hero’s arrival beforehand. One of the nuns stepped forward as a

representative for the group.

“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am Faylia, the one who

has been entrusted with the care of this temple. I wholeheartedly welcome

you, Hero-sama, our guest from another world. You as well, Your

Highnesses.”

After introducing herself and welcoming them, Faylia gave a deep bow

and removed her hood, revealing white hair and long, tapered ears. With

green eyes and pink lips, she was a fair and fascinatingly elegant elf. She

appeared to be in her late twenties or early thirties. She was dressed plainly,

but the color of her prominently luscious lips alone gave her an

otherworldly sex appeal. While Mizuki was admiringly going on about how

pretty she was, Reiji stepped forward to return Faylia’s greeting.

“I am Shana Reiji. I’d like to thank you for taking time out of your busy

day to meet with us.”

“Thank you for your considerations, Hero-sama, but we are not

particularly busy here.”

“You’re too kind. Please accept my humble thanks nonetheless.”

Faylia smiled playfully, and Reiji gave her a refreshing smile in return.

Watching them from the side, Graziella spoke to the others.

“I see. So he’s a sweet-talker...”

“That’s Reiji-kun for you. It doesn’t matter who it is, that’s just his

default way of interacting with people...”

While Graziella and Mizuki were discussing such matters, Reiji began to

follow after Faylia, who led him into the temple. It seemed they were going

to walk while talking. The inside of the temple was somewhat gloomy. The

lights coming from the ceiling looked like sunlight shining through prison

bars. But the building had a reverence to it, like a cathedral in the early

morning. As they walked along, Faylia cut to the matter at hand.

“I have already been apprised of your story. You would like to take

charge of the relic, correct?”

“Yes. I was hoping that you would be kind enough to allow me to use

it.”

“I don’t mind placing it in your care, but I don’t know whether or not the

relic you seek will be of any help to you, Reiji-sama.”

“The hero of El Meide informed me that it chooses its user. Is that

right?”

“Yes. And so far, no one has ever been able to take possession of the

weapon left behind by the hero of old, so I do not know if it will yield you

any assistance...”

“That’s quite alright. All I ask is for the chance to see if I myself can

wield it, if you’d be so kind.”

Hearing his courteous request, Faylia replied with a nod and a smile.

Meanwhile, Graziella was looking around the interior of the building with a

dubious expression.

“They have something like that here?”

Hearing her skeptical tone, Titania spoke up.

“Your Imperial Highness, do you know of this place?”

“I’ve only visited here once before. I was given a tour much like this,

but I hardly recall anything of interest. It says something that they didn’t

want to show me their treasures.”

Saying that, Graziella frowned in discontent. If Suimei were around, he

would undoubtedly have a comment, something along the lines of: “No

duh.” But at Graziella’s mention of it, Titania took a look around at their

surroundings as well.

“Certainly, it does look like there is nothing here, but...”

“Indeed, there’s nothing here. There must be a place for keeping relics

and such deep inside, so the temple is mostly just for appearance’s sake.”

“So... basically this is just a glorified storage shed?”

“Mizuki, that is putting it a little too bluntly...” said Titania in a tired

voice.

She looked like she had a headache after hearing Mizuki’s grade

schooler-like impression. Mizuki, on the other hand, paid her no mind and

turned her attention to Faylia.

“Faylia-san, this place is awfully pretty. How long has it been around?”

“Ever since the tyrant was defeated. In those days, there was an urgent

need to seal away those relics, so a small storage area was made here. After

that, we built the solid temple around it that we’re standing in now.”

After a short pause, Mizuki cocked her head to the side.

“You sound like you were part of it.”

“Indeed, I saw it all happen.”

“Heh?”

Mizuki made a comical noise, but Faylia only looked at her with a

gentle smile. Unable to tell whether she was being serious or not, Reiji felt

obliged to ask.

“Um, I know that it is rude to ask about a lady’s age, but... Faylia-san,

how old are you?”