“Shut up.”

“If you can’t come after me, then I’ll take that woman with me, you

know?”

“SHUT UP!”

“That’s it! Scream! If you can never hand her over, then scream out your

feelings! Howl! Lay everything bare! There should be more to your power

than this! You can’t hold back this late in the game!”

He didn’t need to be told that. Just as a swordsman accepted that they

might be inviting death when they drew their sword, a magician also put

their life on the line the moment they decided to take action. They would

burn both their souls and their mana to exhaustion.

And so Suimei got back up. And he would again and again until his

body would was rendered completely immobile. Until his heart twisted and

broke. Until the day that he lost sight of the dream he’d been chasing.

“O flammae, legito! Pro venefici doloris clamore! Parito colluctatione et

aestuato! Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox!”

[Oh flames, assemble! Like the cry of the magician’s resentment! Give

form to death’s agony and burst into flames! Bestow the one who obstructs

me with a dreadful destiny!]

“You’ve already shown me that spell!”

He was right. Suimei had used this one before, but it was just an opener

now. As if replying to his deep desires, the magicka took on a different

shape. Fire shot out behind Suimei like a jet engine, and as he grasped

Ashurbanipal’s gem within his right hand, a dazzling conflagration wrapped

around his arm.

Pouncing at this opening, Eanru leaped in from the front. Showing

contempt for that lapse in judgment, Suimei slipped into the chest of the

leaping dragonnewt. As Eanru opened his eyes wide in surprise, Suimei put

all his might into his magicka.

“Itaque conluceto! Atque deicito! O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus!”

[So shine! And shoot through! Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem!]

His right hand that grasped the gem became a fist, the flames bursting

towards the back became a mechanism to aid in acceleration, and that fist

buried itself in Eanru’s solar plexus. Eanru was unable to escape it in any

way, and was sent flying backward. And before he could regain his posture,

Ashurbanipal’s flames rushed in after him. From within those flames,

Suimei could hear Eanru’s howl.

“NOT YEEEEEEEET!”

He let out a loud roar that threatened to pierce Suimei’s eardrums and

blow away the flames around him. Even after taking a hit of brilliant

radiance from a gem that could bestow death on all living things, the

dragonnewt’s knee did not hit the ground. As such, it was inevitable he

would retaliate and they would clash again. Without basking in the glory of

his magicka, Suimei prepared his last hand as he steeled himself for the

close-range battle that was once more about to begin.

Immediately, a light made of mana formed around his right hand shaped

like a blade. It sparkled like the light of dawn, and using that, he quietly

drew out letters and symbols that would give birth to magicka.

A magicka circle instantly sprung forth at his feet. As he continued his

actions, magicka circles began to take shape outside the circumference of

the first. As he wove his magicka, terrible memories surged through him.

Despite having power, his heart was weak. That’s why on that fateful day at

that fateful hour on that fateful battlefield, the unthinkable had happened.

It was there that he’d lost something important. All because when he

stood before an excessively powerful existence, he was unable to move. His

defenses were late. And to protect him, his father took a dragon’s roar that

was meant for Suimei.

It was on that day that he’d inherited his father’s wish. In his place,

Suimei would do what he hadn’t been able to. He would save that woman.

He swore he would. On that day, the weak, young Yakagi Suimei had died

alongside his father. And now...

“I’ll never let anything like that happen again...”

What he wove as he muttered like he was expelling all the air from his

lungs was a chant. A true chant.

“The Progenitor emerges from the sky at dawn, and accomplishes the

wishes of all heaven and earth. To release the Apostle from his mission, and

to release the Apostle from his own hands, the Progenitor descended before

the Apostle.”

As the chant was exposed, the world began to shake. Quietly, steadily,

and eventually violently, and as if no one would be allowed to stand.

Having finally shaken off the flames, Eanru held his breath at the stark

change in his surroundings. At this distance, even if he ran right away, he

would be unable to do anything about the magicka before it was complete.

“And thus the Apostle fell to the ground. Because his wings of light

were plucked. And thus the Apostle fell into hell. Because his body deemed

it acceptable to be a nest of malice. And so he fell. And the Progenitor

passed Judgment, and drove the Apostle away. And so I pray. Just as the

Progenitor demonstrated. Yes, to manifest that infinite light with no end just

as he did.”

And just as Eanru got into range...

“Everything becomes unknown and is—!”

The last word he needed to pronounce was on the tip of his tongue. All

he needed to do was grasp that infinite light in his hand. But it was still too

strong. It was too soon.

“U-Ugh, shit... DELIVEEEEEEEERED!”

No matter how strong the will of a magician, an incomplete chant would

mean a failed spell. The aftermath of that torrent of power he was unable to

control wrapped around the two colliding men and caught them.

As the blinding light died down, a cold night air blew through the

battlefield. All that was there was the scorched earth and the carbonized

wreckage of trees that piled up as charcoal on the ground. Looking up from

where he’d been blown back to, Eanru spoke doubtfully.

“... What did you do? The air has reverted to how it was a little before?”

“The aftermath stagnated time, it seems. It’s something like space

rewinding. It’s probably an effect of the outbreak of low-speed light.

Because it broke out, time is flowing to match it, or something... Well, that

kind of thing doesn’t matter...”

From the heat filling his inner organs and the red-hot feeling assaulting

his throat, Suimei let out a bloody cough. His internal organs had suffered

from his stunt just now.

But even so, the single strike that he staked everything on had failed.

What had happened here was a far cry from how he’d intended this to go

down. Because he hadn’t been able to get to the last word in the spell at the

right time, it ended in failure. No, it was because he was still insufficient to

use such magicka.

Due to the rebound caused by magicka failure, also known as turning,

Suimei slowly fell to his knees. He’d staked everything on this bet, and was

left completely wiped out. A strong numbness assaulted his body. He would

be unable to move for a while.

“...”

It was a fatal mistake in a battle, but his opponent wasn’t moving either.

No, he couldn’t move. It was likely that Eanru was also wounded. He had

completely taken the surprise attack from Ashurbanipal’s flame, and the

torrent from the infinite light without end. Even though it hadn’t fully

manifested, it still had an effect on him.

While Suimei remained immobile, a shadow suddenly appeared before

his eyes. As he raised his eyes, he could see a girl in a uniform drawing her

sword from its sheathe.

“Hatsumi... I told you... to step back...”

“You can’t move, right? It’s time for me to step forward.”

“If you were watching just now, you should know that you don’t stand a

chance.”

“Ugh, I know that without you saying it. But I can still buy you some

time until you can move again... And besides, both of you are wounded

now, right?”

“Heh, certainly so.”

Eanru smiled as he slowly stood. With Hatsumi stepping forward, this

could be a once in a lifetime chance, but even so, Eanru was being finicky

about putting his burned clothing and battered body in order. Meanwhile,

Hatsumi took a stance and aimed the tip of her blade at Eanru’s eyes.

However, her hand gripping the hilt of that sword was sweating coldly and

slightly trembling.

“Are we doing this?” she asked.

“No, I’m done. I’ll have you allow me to leave here,” Eanru replied,

shaking his head.

“Huh?”

“What?”

Hearing Eanru’s unexpected words, Hatsumi and Suimei both raised

their doubts.

“What, is that strange?”

“Well, that’s...”

“Since the fight has been interrupted, I’ll leave it at that. The chance to

retreat has just come around, is all.”

They couldn’t tell if that was his real intention. Hearing his casual way

of talking about it, however, Suimei questioned him in a dubious tone.

“Yeah? Weren’t you gonna take Hatsumi with you?”

“Indeed, but she’s something I was to acquire after being victorious over

you. Besides, I don’t want to leave you with a grudge.”

“A grudge?”

“That’s right. If I took the hero with me, you would hold it against me.

The fight between us would become a fight riddled with a surplus of hatred.

That is not what I wish for. An enjoyable fight, even if it’s unfair, is

something that must be done in earnest.”

“That’s why, since there was an excess of it this time, you didn’t fight

with me to the end?”

“That’s right.”

Eanru closed his eyes as he quietly nodded. It was an absurd reason, but

it didn’t seem like a lie coming from this strange man. Suimei was still

suspicious, but Eanru made to withdraw. It seemed he really did have no

more intention of fighting. Dispersing his overflowing fighting spirit, the

hot atmosphere around him returned to a cool breeze. Seeing that figure just

before his eyes, Suimei sat cross-legged where he was, and let out a

somewhat astonished laugh.

“You’re really something, you know that. I’ve never met a guy like you

up until now who so genuinely liked fighting.”

“I can think of no more flattering praise. It makes all the time I spent

polishing my skills worthwhile.”

Eanru humbly smiled and turned around, then turned to leave. And as if

leaving behind words for a fellow comrade in arms...

“Now then, Suimei Yakagi, I shall see you again.”

“Yeah.”

It was a promise for a rematch. Even though Suimei didn’t want to ever

fight someone like that again, even though he was completely reluctant, he

couldn’t help but acknowledge Eanru’s implicit request. His heart may have

simply been replying to his opponent’s sincerity.

After Eanru left, the quiet of the forest eventually returned. There was

still the sound of crackling embers, but even so, it felt silent because what

had been making a racket in his heart had finally vanished. The tension that

had been mounting in Hatsumi’s body seemed to have dispersed, and she

sat down right where she was with a thud.

“He’s gone...”

“Yup.”

“Just what was he?”

“Who knows? All I can say for now is that he’s a strange enemy. And a

battle maniac.”

After giving his brief personal opinion on Eanru, Suimei let out all the

breath in his lungs.

“Shit. Next time, I won’t lose...”

After spitting out all the unpleasant air in his lungs, he leaked out a

vexed vow to overcome a future obstacle. He wasn’t defeated. To the

contrary, he accomplished his goal this time around, so if he was pushed to

say it, this was a victory. However, the battle ended with Suimei at a

disadvantage. It didn’t make him feel like he’d won. So conversely, he

really felt like he was defeated.

“Are you alright?”

“Well, as long as I’m alive, I’ll manage somehow or other.”

“I see.”

After answering Hatsumi and hearing her brief reply, she suddenly

seemed to remember something and once more began speaking.

“Now that I think of it, you seemed to be listening to what he said pretty