Lefille took the opportunity to ask the soldier a question of her own.

“Is she alone?”

“No, the young man in black is with her. In fact, Hero-sama seems to be

the one lending him a shoulder to walk...”

Hearing that report, Lefille and Felmenia bolted out of their seats.

“Is he wounded?!”

“Is he alright?!”

Terribly startled by their sudden terrific shouting, the soldier fell

backward onto his butt. But rather than the messenger, they cared far more

about Suimei’s wellbeing, and as such, continued to question the man on

the floor without restraint. Though completely bewildered, he somehow

managed to answer them.

“Er, uh... No. From the looks of it, he does not appear to be injured, but

it’s quite clear that he is not well, either.”

“Get to the point! Tell us what you mean, and clearly!”

“This is extremely important! Please pull yourself together!”

“Don’t be so unreasonable, you two. Come on, step back a bit.”

As Rumeya attempted to calm them, Liliana suggested a much easier

and direct solution to the matter.

“Let’s go...”

At that, it was decided that the war council would be adjourned for the

moment, and everyone inside the tent left in quick succession.

★

After passing through what was left of the darkwood forest, Suimei and

Hatsumi had returned to Alliance territory. From there, they’d made their

way to the main fortress, and were now safe within its protective walls.

Hatsumi took a seat on a wooden box while Suimei plunked down on the

ground to take a breather. It wasn’t long before Felmenia and the others

came running over. Spotting them, Suimei waved at them with a smile.

“Yo. I’m back.”

“Welcome back, Suimei-dono. I’m so glad to see you safe.”

Felmenia sounded relieved. She held her hand out to Suimei, and from

where he was sitting, he gave her a high five. Meanwhile, Liliana looked at

him with a pleasant but astonished smile.

“You always wear yourself... to tatters, don’t you?”

“I can’t say anything back to that.”

“Welcome back... Are you alright?”

“Just wicked tired.”

Between his fatigue and mana exhaustion, Suimei could barely move.

But apart from that, all of his injuries had already been healed. Watching

this reunion scene unfold from the side, Hatsumi lightly cocked her head to

the side.

“These people are...?”

“My companions.”

“I see... Not that I care, but it’s nothing but girls, huh?”

“Huh? Well... yeah.”

“Uhuh.”

Hatsumi looked at Suimei suspiciously. Suimei, however, unable to tell

what had caused such a change in her attitude, simply looked back at her

dumbfoundedly.

“What?”

“Nothing. At any rate, aren’t you just a little reckless? Despite coming to

save me, I had to lend you my shoulder to return.”

“Yeah, well, what are you gonna do? It was a pain to walk on my own.”

“How lame.”

“I don’t have too much room to talk considering I came to save you of

my own free will, but... just whose fault is it I ended up like this again?”

“Oof... When you put it like that, I can’t exactly argue...”

As Suimei looked at her with half closed eyes, Hatsumi could only

groan. Serious by nature, she would never argue when confronted with the

truth. And while they were having that little exchange, the next wave of

people came out of the tent. Spotting Hatsumi sitting atop the box, Selphy

dashed over to her.

“Hatsumi!”

With a cry of delight, Selphy threw her arms around her. Hatsumi was

both surprised and flustered at the sudden embrace.

“Oomph! Selphy, hang on... If you suddenly do that...”

“Hatsumi... I’m glad you’re safe.”

“Thank you. Really, I’m safe because of all of you.”

When Selphy expressed her relief, Hatsumi replied in kind. They were

both glad to see each other. And as things calmed down between them,

Weitzer and Gaius—who had been watching from the side—at last called

out to her.

“Hero-dono. Welcome back.”

“Thank you. And thank goodness you’re all safe.”

“Sweet. Now I can finally relax and have some booze.”

“That’s all you care about, isn’t it, Gaius?”

Going along with Gaius’s carefree attitude, laughter began to make its

way through the group. Even Suimei, watching on from the smile, gave a

broad grin.

“Hey, geezer. I did what I said I would do, didn’t I?”

“You sure are a piece of work, lad.”

There was a complicated expression on Suimei’s face as he looked

away, but it wasn’t an unpleasant one. Rumeya, who at some point had

seated herself on a nearby box, took the opportunity to call out to Suimei as

she puffed on her pipe.

“I heard you had to borrow the hero’s shoulder.”

“Yes, that! Just what happened?!” Felmenia cut in. “For you to be

unable to walk on your own...”

“Indeed, it’s strange... If all you’d done... was search for the hero... there

should be no cause for this,” added Liliana.

“Was it demons?” asked Gaius.

“That’s... hard to imagine.”

Liliana had been the one to say it, but each and every member of

Suimei’s party was nodding. In their eyes, no matter how many mere

demons came flying at him, they could never be a threat to Suimei. Still

waiting for an answer to the question at hand, however, Lefille raised an

eyebrow.

“Well, Suimei-kun?”

“There was just one bad dude that showed up.”

“By that, you mean a demon general?” asked Gaius.

“Huh? A demon general?”

Suimei cocked his head to the side. Seeing that reaction, Hatsumi looked

totally stunned.

“We did fight one, you know. Did you actually forget? You’re kidding,

right? That’s just...”

Hearing Hatsumi’s dumbfounded tone, Suimei began rubbing his chin.

Had there been something like that? Groaning like his head hurt, he looked

up at the sky, then the ground, and then finally the light bulb came on.

“Hrm... Ah, oh yeah! The guy who used that shitty knockoff technique!”

“Seriously...?”

Hatsumi’s exasperated voice hung in the air. She never dreamed he

would up and forget about it. Seeing her firmly plant her face in the palm of

her hand, Suimei could only smile bitterly. The shock of fighting Eanru had

completely put their encounter with Vuishta out of his mind. Judging that

she wouldn’t be able to get to the point with Suimei like this, Selphy turned

to Hatsumi and continued the conversation.

“Then a demon general really did appear?”

“Yes, and we fought him.”

“Are you kidding? We destroyed him. A dweeby small fry like that is

nothing. More importantly...”

“A-A demon general... a small fry...? A... dweeby small fry?”

Suimei sounded completely unconcerned, and Selphy began to mutter

his words repeatedly in a dumbfounded tone from within her hood. To

them, the demons were a major threat. It was hard to take what Suimei was

saying seriously, and it wasn’t just Selphy. Both Weitzer and Gaius were

frowning as well. Urging on the conversation from there was Lefille.

“From the way you’ve been speaking,” she said to Suimei, “some

opponent other than the demon general was the one to put you in this state.”

“Yeah.”

After Suimei nodded, Hatsumi cut in.

“Thanks to Yakagi, we were able to defeat the demon general

successfully, but after that, he showed up right away.”

“And just who is ‘he’?”

“He called himself a dragonnewt.”

“Dra—?!”

“A dragonnewt?!”

Both Gaius and Weitzer yelled out in surprise. Hatsumi looked at the

two of them curiously.

“...Is that bad?”

“B-Bad? You kiddin’? Rather than bad, I’d call it...”

Gaius was so seized by shock that he was unable to get to the point.

Suimei looked around to get an answer from someone else, but every

member of the group was making the same surprised expression. The only

one who still seemed calm was Rumeya, so he fixed his gaze on her.

“Wow, a dragonnewt, huh? They’re a race that lives in the mountain

range to the north of the Alliance. It’s said that they have the strongest

bodies of all the beings in this world. In truth, they are indeed outrageously

powerful. They’re not the type to stick their snouts into worldly affairs,

however. But you’re saying you fought one of them?”

“Yeah.”

“Don’t tell me you absurdly did him in?”

“Not even close. It took everything I had just to end things in a draw,

which was really more like a loss.”

“Wonders never cease with you, do they?”

Even with that addendum slapped on to the end of Suimei’s declaration,

Rumeya’s astonishment only increased. As their exchange drew to a close,

Suimei looked to Lefille.

“I’d like to get your opinion on this too for perspective.”

“I can confirm what Rumeya-dono said. Dragonnewts are strong. They

inhabit land bordering demon territory, but not only have they not been

destroyed, they’re thriving. Despite being completely outnumbered, they

have enough power to put up a fight with room to spare.”

Hearing her say that, Suimei was reminded of Eanru’s monologue when

he first showed up.

“Yeah, now that you mention it, he did say something about demons

being pests.”

“Yeah, he did...” replied Hatsumi. “But this only confirms for me that he

was a truly outrageous man.”

As the two of them recalled what had happened and both sighed, Selphy

raised a question.

“But why was a dragonnewt fighting with you two?”

“Who knows? He said he wanted to take Hatsumi along, but we weren’t

able to get more out of him.”

“H-He wanted to take Hatsumi?!”

“He said he needed the hero’s power or something. I wonder what for...”

As Suimei rubbed his chin, Weitzer let out a thunderous shout.

“You bastard, how could you not get such important intelligence?!”

“Huh?”

“This is an important matter concerning the hero’s safety! To not get

such an—”

“Aah, damn it, just shut the hell up already. He wasn’t the kinda

opponent you could get answers out of with force. Capisce? Or are you

saying that you wanna go ask him yourself? From beginning to end, it was

nothing but a trauma festival for me, you hear? He was a dragon—a

freaking dragon! Could you fight against a monster that could bring ruin to

a world of seven billion people and life as we know it?! Huh?! HUH?!”

“Th-That...”

Suimei bared his fangs as he glared daggers at Weitzer. He was so angry

he was practically growling. Seeing this, Felmenia and Lefille started to try

and soothe him.

“Whoa, there...”

“What am I, a horse?!”

“Please calm down, Suimei-dono. This is not like you...”

“No shit! This guy’s driving me berserk!”

“Suimei-kun, you’re not making much sense anymore. Whatever you

fought was different from the opponent you fought in your world, right?”

“Yes, but a dragon is a dragon—URRRGH!”

“We can’t have you acting violently now, Suimei-kun.”

“GYAAAAAAAAH! Lefi-san, I’m breaking! I’m seriously breaking!