into his legs and took a great leap back.

He managed to escape the attack, but the sweltering heat spreading in

the air scorched his body. The strange pulsing pain he felt on his skin was

something he’d never experienced before in his life. As he’d suspected, this

was no mere flame. It was likely that rather than just a burst of fire, there

was a curse applied to it. Just as Eanru judged that it would be bad to take

such fire head on, alarm bells began ringing in the depths of his mind.

Piercing through the flames right in front of him... was Suimei. Just as

Eanru was caught up in bewilderment at the sight of a mage closing in on

him single-handedly, the mage in front of him turned into smoke and

disappeared.

Seeing that, Eanru once more let out a smile. Before he could ascertain

where the dispersed smoke had gone, he could feel a presence behind him.

As he hastily turned around, Suimei was standing right in front of him with

a small magic circle in the palm of his hand.

“OOOOOOOOH!”

“HAAAAAAAAA!”

Both men unleashed their fighting spirits at the same time. A crash of

howls. In answer to Suimei thrusting out his magically inscribed palm,

Eanru threw his fist. Immediately following the collision of power, an

explosive shockwave was released that sent Eanru flying. As he corrected

his posture and looked up, he saw that Suimei has also been sent flying—

very likely by the same shockwave.

Just how much would this fight make his heart dance? Eanru hadn’t had

such an engaging fight since the day he was born. To think that he would be

blessed right now with the magnificent, unending fight that he’d been

seeking all this time...

“What’s so funny?”

“Hmm? Was I laughing? Aah, no, it’s just a battle like this... Doesn’t it

make you happy?”

“Yeah, okay... You’re that kinda guy, huh?”

Suimei Yakagi quietly muttered something about “battle maniacs” in

annoyance. It was a fair way to describe Eanru, and though Suimei spat

such words loathsomely, it was unmistakable praise to Eanru’s ears. Being

considered a formidable enemy by a strong opponent gave meaning to the

way he’d lived his life up until now. It was validating.

Therefore, this battle had significance. This was Eanru’s very raison

d’être. His only regret was that it was happening now. It was pure

serendipity that he’d gotten embroiled in such a fight in such an unexpected

place. However, because he was in the middle of a mission, he didn’t have

the leisure to fight to his heart’s content. That saddened him.

“Aah, it’s beyond my control...”

It seemed that his quiet lamenting sigh reached Suimei’s ears. Suimei

furrowed his brow, perhaps puzzled by the complete change of tone that had

come over the previously excited dragonnewt. However, for some reason,

he wasn’t shooting out any magic. Despite the fact that he had been firing

ceaselessly until now and showed no signs of being short of breath, he was

apparently taking a short break.

It was possible that he was simply preparing another trick, but

concluding he would deal with whatever it may be, Eanru stepped forward.

He unleashed a flurry of consecutive strikes, but the mage before him

seemed accustomed to close range combat. He skillfully warded off Eanru’s

blows. For a mage, engaging at a distance like this was fatal. But not for

Suimei. He didn’t even bat an eye, leaving Eanru once again astonished.

But even if he was competently dealing with the situation, he was a poor

match for Eanru who specialized in such close quarters combat. Naturally, a

human could never compete with the physical strength of a dragonnewt.

The arms he was using to ward off Eanru’s strikes were becoming red and

bruised in the blink of an eye.

“Urgh...”

While letting out a groan, Suimei put some distance between them.

When Eanru refrained from chasing after him, Suimei looked back with a

puzzled glance.

“It’s such an exquisite feeling to be engaged in a difficult battle.”

“Huh?”

“Isn’t it? If your opponent is tough to deal with, it makes the fight last

that much longer. And then, it’s possible to test out all the techniques

you’ve been fostering.”

“...Bewitching others with techniques and having that reciprocated is

certainly enjoyable. Just not in situations like this.”

“Agreed. My, aren’t we birds of a feather?”

“No, my grievances are different from yours. That much is obvious.”

“That kind of thing is trivial.”

“...That’s your deal, isn’t it? You’re one of those people who gets

everything you’re not interested in over with quickly, aren’t you? You’re

really something, seriously.”

“Hmph.”

While amusing himself with their conversation, even now, cold sweat

was pouring down Suimei’s forehead. But it had to be said that it was

perhaps less than before. It was likely that he too had become stronger for

the sake of accomplishing his goals in the fight at hand. Even though

Suimei spoke to the contrary, their conversations up until this point were on

the same wavelength, so it seemed he’d gotten into his element somewhat.

Even if they were trying to get there for different reasons, their goals

were the same. That elevated peak that nobody could reach, and a dream

stimulated that desire... They were both staring down the same thing—their

dreams.

“It’s hard to get, huh? Really. You have a different kind of radiance from

that man.”

“...?”

Just like a light within the darkness was more dazzling than anything

else, Suimei was brilliant. Jillbert had certainly been right on that point.

“At any rate, you sure talk a lot.”

“Honestly, I surprise even myself. Even though talking in the middle of

a battle is the height of folly— Aah, that’s it, isn’t it? That’s what this is.

That thing where you become overexcited and start talking as you get worn

out, right?”

Such idle conversation in the heat of battle was something Eanru had

never engaged in before. However, the reason he was unable to stop in spite

of himself was because it was difficult for him to understand. That made it

important. And if he was exposed to it too much, he would no longer want

to destroy it. Unconsciously, he may have been taking that into

consideration. But because he fought for the sake of destruction, this was a

tremendous contradiction for him.

Then, it seemed that Suimei was finished with his break. Eanru watched

as the fallen trees were swept up and hurled into the air with a roar. The

trunks of the darkwood trees were thick and sturdy. If a human was struck

by one, it would be gruesome. Good thing Eanru wasn’t human.

“Such play won’t even serve as a distraction to me.”

Just as he implied, he could see Suimei’s shadow darting between the

gargantuan trees. Eanru smashed through one with his fist to come after

him, but Suimei used that opening to attack. Wielding a silver sword, he

came in with a thrust, but...

“That will never work.”

The point of his blade reached Eanru’s chest, but could only pierce his

clothing. There was no way a mere blade made by a human could pierce a

dragonnewt’s skin. So just who had the upper hand here?

“I’ll be taking that arm.”

Using his hand like a blade, Eanru severed Suimei Yakagi’s right arm.

Losing his dominant arm was the price he paid for daring to come into close

combat with a dragonnewt unprepared. His right arm flew off, and blood

started gushing out of the stump left behind.

From a distance, Eanru could hear the hero screaming. And before him,

he could see Suimei’s face twist in anguish. Nevertheless, he didn’t falter or

fall back. Quite the opposite. He stepped forward like he had an opening to

attack.

But even this was within the realm of Eanru’s expectations. Striking first

and sacrificing a piece of oneself to gain an opening was a common enough

tactic. However, what Suimei did next baffled him. He was moving the

stump of a right arm he had left.

That would never even reach him to hit him. It wasn’t long enough. Had

he misread the distance? No, it had to be an act of sheer desperation. That

was a human flaw. Instead of thinking things through properly, they

prioritized attacking. But in that moment, Suimei calmly opened his mouth.

“Here you go.”

The severed right arm that was tumbling through the air suddenly

changed trajectory and jumped towards Eanru. Seeing that, he couldn’t help

smiling.

“Haha! So it’s come to this?”

There was the thrill of joy in his words. This was the first time in a long

time that a technique had completely and utterly surprised him. But the

surprises wouldn’t stop there. The arm flew right back over to Suimei and

connected where it had been severed.

“HYAAAAAH!”

Immediately following that, a magic circle formed between the arm and

the stump, and rotated with a green brilliance. He then stomped his foot,

planting it firmly in the ground. The earth shattered below and there was a

shockwave of wind and mana. From there, Suimei unleashed a strike.

“U-Urgh!”

His fist caught Eanru right in the face. He never once thought that a

human would hold such destructive force in their fists. The earth beneath

his feet was unable to withstand the force from the blow, and it nearly

collapsed beneath him as he was pushed back.

Remaining upright, Eanru put a hand to his jaw when he finally came to

a stop. As if to investigate the damage done, he craned and cracked his

neck. Then, without wasting another moment, Eanru leaped forward and

approached Suimei swiftly.

“Seriously? That barely did anything...”

“Unfortunately, I’m quite a resilient being.”

“Even though you have a humanoid form, there wasn’t any damage to

the brain? This is a damn scam. A rip-off.”

Both that complaint and the pain he received felt good to Eanru. He

pushed on his neck with his hand and cranked it around as he continued to

inspect it. The man who had dealt him such an unexpected blow was

already making his next move, but Eanru couldn’t help yielding to the

pleasant sensation welling up in him that he hadn’t felt for so long. As

Suimei fired a spell, Eanru kicked the ground, creating a grand cloud of

dust.

“You punk! Copying a human now?!”

“Not at all. Smokescreens are a valuable technique.”

The cloud of dust completely concealed Eanru. He couldn’t see, but with

this he also couldn’t be seen. Abandoning all unnecessary thoughts, he

devoted his senses completely to reading presences around him. His

opponent was a mage who held a vast amount of power. If he followed the

mana, he could accurately locate Suimei even without his eyes.

Or, he would have been able to if he hadn’t suddenly multiplied.

“He split? No, multiplied?”

“It’s called Fast Replication.”

It wasn’t just his mana presence that had multiplied. Eanru could start to

see multiple figures through the dust. It was as if several Suimeis had

suddenly appeared. And mere moments after Eanru heard him talk, the

ground suddenly shifted and split.

“What—”

Eanru stumbled. He couldn’t tell what happened. Even as he replayed

the situation in his mind, he couldn’t tell where the spell had come from.

The ground that had been boiled by Suimei’s fire magic wasn’t so brittle

and fragile that it would just crumble like that.

As he promptly focused his gaze right below his feet, he could see the

light of mana. Just when had that circle been put in place? When he looked

up, he could see Suimei smiling.

I see, that light spell from before...

It must have been an effect of that rain of light. Suimei wasn’t just

attacking with it. He was sowing magic circles in the earth.

Before the fight began, Suimei had plainly told Eanru that it was a

magician’s style to catch an opponent off guard. Certainly, this chain of

unexpected attacks was a splendid tactic. Eanru wasn’t at all wounded by

the ground shifting beneath him, but he was now forced to brace himself

and robbed of his mobility. And like that, he was a sitting duck for Suimei’s

next attack.

The earth began to rise up around him. Coiling like a vortex, it stretched