carefully.”

“Hmm?”

“You talked, right? With that guy.”

“Now that you mention it, you’re right.”

“Why? There’s no need to listen to what the enemy has to say, right?

You also talked to him pointlessly in the middle of the fight.”

“Well, that kind of thing happens. The subtleties behind that kinda fight

to the death turning into something else gets all jumbled up. There’s a tacit

understanding.”

“It would’ve been fine to trap him while he was talking.”

“I agree completely. But with that kinda opponent, I just can’t help but

feel it’s too boorish. You know? An enemy you have to defeat head on...

Anyone out there has one or two of those no matter what. That’s why I

don’t want to lie to myself. Of course, I was thinking of ways of letting only

you get away you know?”

Honestly speaking, that was Suimei’s true desire. If Eanru’s objective

was Hatsumi, in the worst scenario, he could just get her somewhere that

Eanru couldn’t get to her. However, Hatsumi frowned as though she heavily

disapproved of this.

“And... you don’t look happy about that.”

“Of course not.”

“Hey, you saw my power, right?”

After Hatsumi nodded once, Suimei continued.

“I’m still midway on my path, but I’m well aware that the power I hold

is great. In short, I’m something like an autonomous powder keg. If a guy

like that did as he pleased, and flung around his power without knowing

anything, you can tell what will happen, right?”

“That’s...”

“I’m a magician. Not just monsters, I’ve also beaten several people to

death with magicka. But they all attacked me. I didn’t have a choice. But

what if that wasn’t the case? If I swung around my power without properly

understanding the circumstances of those around me, and if that turned into

something that couldn’t be undone—”

A heavy silence filled the air. Hatsumi could say nothing back to him. It

was obvious. This was something that Hatsumi, who had no memories yet

possessed power, had to be acutely aware of regarding herself as well.

“I don’t want to regret anything after I’ve done it. That’s why I’ll have

things I want to know, and things I’ll doubt partway through. The

opponent’s personal circumstances are occasionally something that can’t be

immediately intuited. Just because they’re hostile, it’s far too hasty to

decide that they have to be defeated no matter what. Well, if you’re too

cautious, it’s also possible to lose an opportunity, so I can’t really say which

way is better. It’s all a load of trouble, huh? All of it...”

As he let out a self-deprecating laugh and looked down at himself,

Hatsumi still had nothing to say back to him. While she made a face like

she was carefully scrutinizing something, Suimei gave her his real

impression of Eanru.

“Well, even so, it didn’t seem like he was in the right to me.”

“The moment he said he said he’d use me, there was no more room for

negotiation.”

Hearing Hatsumi’s gloomy declaration, Suimei let out a dark sigh and

nodded. And then, he suddenly fell to the ground with his arms and legs

splayed out.

“Yakagi?”

“I’m so tired I could just die. I really, really want a futon right now.”

At his idiotic declaration, Hatsumi drooped her shoulders in a crestfallen

manner. It didn’t seem she would be able to pull him up anytime soon.

★

The battle that was taking place on the plains between the Alliance army

and the demon army had already come to a close. It had concluded in a

draw due to sustained casualties on both sides, but the Alliance army—who

had underestimated the strength of their enemy—had suffered significantly

greater losses than the demon army.

Currently, outside the fortress that served as the main stronghold in the

area, the Alliance army was collecting itself. The surviving generals,

Hatsumi’s companions, Rumeya, Lefille, and the others were all inside the

main tent, and the atmosphere there was absolutely stifling. The war council

meeting about how to proceed was heated, to say the least. Weitzer, whose

position demanded he consider all available options, was listening to each

and every proposal from the generals and staff officers.

“Your Highness, how about we pull the army back for a short while? If

we retreat into an area with a ravine, it would put us in an advantageous...”

one officer suggested.

“No, a ravine is just as likely to be a disadvantage. Plenty of the demons

possess the ability to fly. It would be better to resolutely pull back the entire

line at once and rally the army...” suggested another.

“Both are out of the question. Until the hero has returned, we will not

pull back,” declared Weitzer.

All sorts of ideas were being thrown around, but Weitzer put his foot

down on that matter. Despite his firm stance, however, most of the staff

officers and generals were scarcely able to keep their opinions to

themselves. One even tenaciously clung to the conversation.

“But Your Highness, if we remain like this too long, we will be unable to

break the deadlock. If it comes to a fight on the open plains once more, we

will take catastrophic casualties.”

“That is exactly why we have requested reinforcements from every

vassal state. We will wait until the soldiers and supplies arrive.”

“But while we wait, the soldiers only grow more and more anxious! It’s

now that we need to present to them a firm plan! If we don’t, they will

believe all is lost and morale will plummet!”

At that, Weitzer seemed to reach the limits of his princely patience

before his men who wouldn’t listen to him. Slamming both hands on the

desk in front of him, he kicked back his chair and stood up abruptly.

“If we do not put ourselves in order, the soldiers will certainly lose

hope! But without the hero, there will be no hope for the army! Moreover, if

we abandon the hero and run away after she saved us, can we even call

ourselves soldiers?”

“Hrk!”

“You hear me?! The hero saved us, and we will do the same for the

hero! Those who would dare abandon her have no right to rely on her! Heed

my words and engrave them into your hearts!”

Weitzer’s booming shout thundered through the tent with enough force

to silence all present. It was like time stood still for a moment. Meanwhile,

Rumeya, who was sitting at the end of the table at the war council, began

speaking to Lefille, who was sitting beside her.

“My goodness. Seems to be quite the sticky situation for them, eh?”

“Please don’t talk like it’s none of your business, Rumeya-dono.

Shouldn’t you also have a say in this matter? As the head of a guild branch,

please offer your words of support.”

Hearing Lefille’s somewhat exasperated opinion, Rumeya shrugged her

shoulders.

“I’ve got no sense for the delicacies of tactics. That being said, no matter

how this goes, I’ll at least listen.”

“Is that really alright...?”

“It’s fine, it’s fine!”

Rumeya puffed away at her pipe as she completely, irresponsibly wrote

off the matter. Both Felmenia and Liliana, who were also sitting next to

them, looked like they were troubled by her indifferent attitude. Not

minding them, Rumeya called out to one of the nearby soldiers.

“Hey, hey... You over there. What’s the word from the scouts?”

“Ma’am! The demon army has already retreated. The latest from each of

the other fortresses report the same. Regarding the possibility of an

advance, however, they are still unable to come to a conclusion.”

“But the demons are retreating, huh? It’s weird, innit? Even if we rallied

at the end there, if I had to say, they still held the advantage. Lefi, what do

you think?”

“There are two reasons for them to retreat. Either they fulfilled their

goal, or they took unsustainable losses. They had serious casualties,

certainly, but I don’t think it was enough to cause the whole army to

retreat.”

“In other words... the demons accomplished their goal. That’s what...

we’re left to assume.”

“It’s just as Lily says. And in that case, the problem is...”

“What exactly was their goal? Well, Lefi, what have you come up with

for us on that front?”

“The Alliance army suffered great casualties and is at a disadvantage,

while their hero, Hatsumi-dono, is currently missing. The damage done to

the army was serious, certainly, but the odds are much higher that their goal

was the hero.”

Lefille’s answer was undeniable, and Felmenia showed a somewhat

perturbed expression upon hearing it.

“S-So... Suimei-dono failed? Is that what you mean?”

To Felmenia, who had complete and absolute faith in Suimei, the idea

that he’d failed to rescue Hatsumi was unthinkable. However, Lefille shook

her head.

“No, that’s not necessarily the case. The demons’ plan was largely to

separate Hatsumi-dono from the army. And in that respect, you could say

that they accomplished what they wanted to. They may have begun pulling

back as soon as they heard that happened. And besides, we haven’t heard

any declarations from them that the hero was defeated. There’s a good

probability that she’s still alive.”

“I see...”

If the hero had been defeated, the demons wouldn’t hesitate to raise her

head to the sky with a great roar of celebration. There could perhaps be

nothing more damning to the Alliance army’s morale. If that happened,

despite whatever losses they’d taken, they’d press on in attacking. The path

to victory from there would be a short one.

“That’s assuming that the demons have that level of craftiness and

intelligence, though.”

“Those things are cunning. They take advantage of weaknesses

immediately. That’s why they targeted Hatsumi-dono specifically.”

That, essentially, was the conclusion to Lefille’s explanation—and her

answer to Rumeya’s original question.

“The Alliance army will likely be licking their wounds here for a while.

If they make the poor decision to pull back their army for fear of greater

casualties, the demons will take that opportunity to pounce, which will only

further deteriorate morale. In the worst case, the retreating demon army

might just turn around.”

“So that’s what you want me to tell them?”

Rumeya was pointing over to Weitzer and the army representative, and

Lefille nodded. Rumeya glanced over Weitzer, and then back at Lefille

again. The other side of the tent was still as tense as could be. Rather than

cooling down, it seemed things had only gotten more heated. The staff

officers were still unable to let go of the idea of a retreat, and even Gaius

and Selphy—who had been quiet up to this point—had joined the serious

discussion.

“Aww, no way, no way, no waaaaay! Instead of jumping into that hot

mess, I’d rather just go cut into the demon forces... Hey, I said that on

impulse, but should we just go do it? We can head right out. Wouldn’t that

be best?”

Rumeya’s tails were shifting around restlessly as she gave the group a

wink. Seeing this, Lefille let out a grand sigh like she was fed up with her.

“Why are therianthropes all like this...?”

“It seems... it’s simply... in their nature.”

“Clarissa-dono is really the odd one out, I see.”

“Seems so.”

“Yup.”

Lefille, Liliana, and Felmenia all nodded repeatedly. As they continued

to talk amongst themselves, the entrance flap to the tent was suddenly

thrown open. A panting soldier jumped in with a great sense of urgency.

“R-Reporting!”

“What is it?!”

The one to address the soldier was the one at the center of the war

council, Weitzer. The soldier then caught his breath and replied happily.

“The hero is returning to the camp!”

Hearing the good news, the tent was instantly filled with relieved voices.

Weitzer, however, calmed them and addressed the soldier.

“Does this mean the hero is safe?”

“Indeed, Your Highness. She is walking towards the camp on her own

feet.”