magicians. It would be useless to raise your blade here. Let us pull out.”

“I get that, but...”

“Gottfried-sama...”

Both Jillbert and Clarissa looked at him pleadingly as if to say

something bad would happen if they retreated, but the mirage man standing

atop the roof was unmoving.

“No. There is no need for us to defeat them. Even if we do nothing, that

man will. He must. Isn’t that right...” Pausing there, the mirage man looked

at Suimei. “Modern magician, disciple of the Magicka King Nestahaim?”

As he spoke of Suimei’s lineage, Suimei yelled out to the rooftop in a

fluster.

“How do you know that?!”

He yelled, but the mirage man would not reply. It was as if he was

simply toying with Suimei. Even though he couldn’t clearly make out the

man’s face, Suimei was certain he could see a smile floating somewhere in

the mirage.

“Everyone, we are pulling out.”

At the mirage man’s command, Clarissa, Jillbert, and the robed cultists

began retreating.

“Wait! Answer my—”

“I have no obligation to answer you, but let’s see... I will at least tell you

one thing. We are the Universal Apostles. You will do well to remember

that.”

“Universal...?”

As Suimei was making a perplexed expression, perhaps to prevent any

pursuit, the mirage man began chanting a spell.

“Code Pragmatic. Kenon who resists flames and carries mass. Using

those concepts, obey my words, become one, and turn to mud.”

He was invoking the mystical. The moment Suimei sensed it, the space

between his group and Clarissa’s was filled with a light made of mana that

drew figures and symbols within it. Flames then began shooting out of it at

random. As they spread through the area, everything was covered in a heat

haze and began melting into red mud. And as the mud spread, so too did

more flame, effectively creating a shield between the retreating group and

the apparitions. The shadowy beasts chased after them, but were unable to

make it through the fiery and muddy barrier.

The one who was most surprised at seeing all this was Suimei.

“That spell just now...”

He was completely unfamiliar with the symbols and figures used in it,

but the spell itself was clearly not magic that used the Elements of this

world. In other words, it was something more in line with his own magicka.

He began putting the pieces together as he recalled something similar, but...

“Suimei-kun! I don’t know what you’re so shocked about, but now isn’t

the time to be standing still!”

“Y-Yeah! You’re right!”

As Lefille called out to him, Suimei focused on the apparitions that were

now headed towards them. He didn’t have time to think about anything else

right now. The veil of darkness was already quite close, and the apparitions

were just about to attack.

“Just as the eternal wind conveys! Send the shining and swaying flames

to His side! Hear my voice! Thou art the Ishim dyed in white! Hear my

voice! Thou art the Ishim that shakes off all calamity! Truth Flare!”

Felmenia unleashed her white flames upon the apparitions. And though

the white incandescence mowed them down, they calmly remained where

they were as if nothing had happened.

“Suimei-dono, what should we do about this?! Even though I used

magicka, there wasn’t much effect!”

“Fall back! These guys can’t be defeated with regular magicka! Menia,

take Liliana with you and head to the rear!”

“U-Understood!”

Following Suimei’s orders, Felmenia took Liliana, who was hiding

behind Lefille, to the rear line furthest away from the darkness. Suimei then

called to Lefille.

“Lefi, you fall back too! These guys are special...”

“Please wait. Let me test something out.”

Rather than falling back, Lefille gathered her red wind at the tip of her

sword, turned it on the shadows where the apparitions were appearing from,

and unleashed it. The red wind, which held a portion of the spirits’ powers,

had an effect against apparitions. The ones caught in the turbulent red wind

gushed blood as black as tar from their wounds as they crumbled to pieces.

“I can help. Leave these ones to me.”

“Wow... Yeah, okay. Then... Hatsumi?”

Suddenly, Suimei realized that his childhood friend was nowhere nearby.

He quickly looked around to find her. When he spotted her figure, she was

already surrounded by apparitions.

“Wha...”

She’d been right beside him mere moments ago. Just how did she

manage to get so far away? Under the dark curtain, Hatsumi was driving

her sword into the constant swarm of apparitions, but it seemed her slashes

had no effect at all on them. She was able to strike firmly and drive them

back, but she was unable to deal a single wound.

When apparitions attacked humans, it was possible to ward them off

successfully just by pushing them away. But that wouldn’t eliminate the

phenomenon itself. It would take more than physical blows to combat

twilight syndrome.

“These things just keep multiplying...!”

While beating back the apparitions with her sword, Hatsumi’s unease

began to show.

“Hatsumi! It’s no good! Fall back! I’ll do something about...”

“Say what you will, but these guys will make it through before then at

this rate!”

When she said that, Suimei finally realized what was going on. Hatsumi

was standing at the head of the bridge. And on the other side of that bridge

were droves of people. It was just Suimei and his companions on this side,

all of whom were capable of defending themselves. But if even one

apparition slipped across the bridge, it would be a slaughter. If the people

used numbers to attack the apparitions, they would be able to hold them

back to a certain extent, but...

“Shit, if it were just a little later, this would be easy...”

The sky was still bright enough that night hadn’t fully fallen. Even if

Suimei tried to use his magicka to call down the starry sky, it would have

no effect. It was irritating that he couldn’t defeat the apparitions all at once,

but that just meant he had to take them out one by one. Firing spells as he

ran over to Hatsumi...

“Kyah!”

Hatsumi had been knocked off balance. An apparition tackled her,

sending her falling to the ground. The other apparitions seemed to sense it,

and their doglike figures all jumped on her.

“Ah...”

A half gasp, half sigh of despair escaped her lips. But there was nothing

she could do. Running was out of the question with her hands and feet

pinned. Beholding the apparitions on top of her in horror, her sword

trembled in her shaking hand.

“Shit! HATSUMIIIIIIII!”

Seeing that she couldn’t move, Suimei came flying in without a care

about his own well-being.

★

She was knocked down by the apparitions. Up until that point, her heart

stood firm. But as her body fell to the ground, she was suddenly overcome

with a fear that she couldn’t identify.

The apparition’s fangs, their claws... Thinking those things would kill

her, her hand trembled, her heart trembled, and her body seized up. Even

when she’d stood against demons, even though she’d faced this kind of

crisis before, for some reason, she was completely frozen with terror this

time.

I’m scared. This is terrifying...

As those words pounded within her head, she was no longer able to do

anything. But then she realized this was all familiar. Wasn’t this the same as

that time she’d fallen? It was a memory that haunted her. The canine

monsters attacking her didn’t help any. It was all too much.

As she sensed the apparitions were about to go in for the kill, she shut

her eyes as tightly as she could. She was petrified. But no matter how long

she waited, the pain she was expecting didn’t come. When she curiously

opened her eyes, a young man in a black suit was now standing over her. It

was Suimei, holding a silver katana in his hands and breathing roughly.

Perhaps because he’d been injured in saving her, the shoulder of his suit

was torn to pieces.

“Ah—”

This too was the same as before. Just as when he faced off against the

dragonnewt, he’d stood to protect her. It wasn’t the first time. No, far from

it. She’d seen this scene in her dreams. It was a part of her past that she

shouldn’t be able to remember.

How many times had it been now? How many times had he come to

save her just like that? When she was wandering alone in the forest, when

the dragonnewt appeared... And there was no telling how many times it had

happened in the past.

She was pathetic like this. Why was she always so happy to have him

protect her? Even though she was supposed to have become stronger. Even

though she had learned the ways of the sword. Even though she should have

been able to fight... Despite all that, she was just trembling. Was this the

person she really wanted to be?

“This is wrong.”

She hated being the only one who was protected. She wanted to become

strong. She thought that if she remained as pathetic as she was, she would

never be able to keep up with him. She would never be able to stay by his

side as he protected others. That’s why...

“I’m... I’m different now.”

Yes, that was it. That was why. So that he wouldn’t leave her behind, she

thought she would become strong. Yes, that’s why...

“I tried to get stronger with a sword...”

As soon as those words naturally came from her mouth, everything

she’d forgotten came back to her like surging waves. Who she was, where

she had been, who she was with, what she had been doing. Her past, her

feelings. Every single memory without exception returned. While dazzled

by the raging stream of memories, she gripped her sword strongly and stood

up as Suimei called out to her in concern.

“Are you alright?”

“Yes, I’m fine. Sorry for causing you so much concern recently.”

“...?”

As he looked back at her with a curious glance, she repeated herself

once more.

“I’m alright now.”

“Hatsumi, did you...?”

Just based on her words, he seemed to have noticed. As Suimei looked at

her in shock, she focused her aim on the apparition that was leaping in at

his flank. And then...

“My heart is the phantom of my sword’s blade, and becomes a technique

to break the three kleshas that poison the heart of man. Cast my body aside

like a rock, and give my life to the steadfast Kurikara...”

The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani. The words she quietly

recited were a mantra passed down along with the sword techniques, the

dharani. It wasn’t a chant like the ones Suimei would use, but once she

recited them, her heart would calm itself and her consciousness would be

completely focused on her sword.

An apparition couldn’t be defeated by a simple sword. No, a mundane

sword wouldn’t even damage one. But it could ward them away and keep

them at bay. As the apparition bared its black fangs, she sent it flying with

her sword technique. Other apparitions were closing in from all four

directions, but without panicking, she returned her sword to its sheath. And

then...

“The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani, the Summit of Zen, the

Enlightening Longsword that Leads to Serenity.”

As she muttered just like she was reciting a dharani, she drew her sword.

The instant she did, she swung it twenty-four times. And every single one of

those strikes was driven into the apparitions.

All the people around her could see was a flash of silver lines. But every

single apparition that leaped into those silver slashes was sent flying into

the air. As they flew, Suimei hurled brilliant magicka at them that crumbled

their bodies instantly.

“Hatsumi... So your memories returned, huh?”