half of her face, and switched her swords to an underhand grip. But just as

quickly as she’d done all that, Titania vanished from his field of vision. As

if she’d teleported, she instantly appeared behind Ilzarl and charged in.

As Ilzarl sensed her presence and turned around, Titania vanished again

without so much as attacking. She then reappeared behind his back, and this

time, she truly intended to strike. Ilzarl used his chains to shield himself.

“Tch, buzzing around...” Ilzarl scoffed in an annoyed voice.

But then Titania vanished a third time.

“Amazing...” Reiji unwittingly muttered in childlike admiration.

Titania was moving around like she was toying with Ilzarl. Even with

Reiji’s enhanced vision courtesy of the hero summoning, he could just

barely keep up with her movements. She repelled Ilzarl’s flying copper

chains with her swords, and whenever she closed in on him, she would

unleash a flurry of attacks with both blades.

In response, Ilzarl took evasive action. Even though he’d simply stood in

place and blocked Reiji’s attacks, it didn’t seem he had any interest in being

hit by Titania’s. For every slash she threw out, he took a step back or to the

side to avoid it. But Titania’s slashes were peculiar in the way they arced

through the air, so dodging them required much more effort than any

normal attack.

And her assault showed no sign of letting up. Spotting an opening in

Ilzarl’s defenses, she went soaring in on the offensive, letting fly a cross-

shaped slash with both blades before gracefully leaping back. It certainly

looked like her mithril swords had caught Ilzarl right in the face. However...

“Even though you don’t possess the divine protection of the Goddess,

you put up a much better fight. Also...”

The only evidence of her grand attack was a cut on Ilzarl’s cheek.

Despite standing plainly in front of his opponent, Ilzarl nonchalantly wiped

away the dripping blood on his face with his finger and looked at it

somewhat dubiously.

“It’s been a long time since I was dealt a wound, but to think it would be

at the hands of a mere human...”

“Don’t underestimate me!”

“This is as far as you go.”

Titania howled as she broke into a dash and closed in once more. Ilzarl,

meanwhile, simply waved his hand to attack. In an instant, five enormous

slashes—one for each finger—assaulted the bare rock floor in front of

Titania, forcing her to come to a halt. Looking closely, the ends of Ilzarl’s

chains were split, making them look like anchors. They floated through air,

gathering around her before plunging into the ground. She was now

effectively trapped in a chain cage.

“Tia!”

“Ugh! Oh Earth! Surround me and become a firm bulwark! Absolutely

none shall pass and threaten this life! Earth Wall Rising!”

Immediately following Titania’s chant, a wall of mud formed between

her and the chains right as red lightning came pouring in. The mud wall

flickered crimson red and jet black, repeatedly assaulted by the lightning.

But it didn’t last long. It crumbled far too easily, leaving Titania completely

defenseless. With the next red flash, there was a burst of white smoke and

she seemed to disappear completely.

“TIAAAAAAAA!”

Entirely drowned out by the roaring thunder, Reiji screamed out for

Titania as loud as he could... but there was no answer.

“N-No way...”

Reiji could hear Mizuki mutter in disbelief and despair. Every single

person present shared her feelings and collectively held their breath.

The cloud of white smoke rising up from the chain cage flickered with

the remnants of the red lightning. It was an attack easily on par with the red

lightning that had so easily destroyed Faylia’s spell earlier. But instead of a

tree this time, it was Titania’s slender body that had taken the brunt of it. No

one expected that she would survive it. However, as the white smoke

dispersed, they could make out the silhouette of a girl on her knees.

“N-Not yet...”

“So your defenses just barely managed to keep you alive. Even so...”

Pulling his chains up from the ground, he used them to ensnare Titania

and toss her aside like an annoying pest.

“Gah... ah...”

Unable to even move, she bounced helplessly along the ground as she

rolled towards the pedestals where the relics were kept. She crashed right

into one of them, sending the tyrant’s cursed tome flying.

The book landed right at Ilzarl’s feet. His eyes drawn to it, he stooped

down to pick it up. Seeing this, Faylia, who was still being supported by

Mizuki, immediately cried out.

“No!”

“What? What’s wrong with this?”

“Y-You mustn’t touch that!”

She was screaming like her own life was on the line, but it was perhaps

even more serious than that. If what Faylia said was true, anyone who

touched the cursed book would become just like the tyrant. If a demon

general were so possessed, the outcome would be unimaginable.

“Hmph, certainly there is an ominous feeling coming from it.”

“If you understand that, then...”

She was going to plead with him, beg him not to touch it. But...

“It’s not like I don’t have any experience with this kind of thing.”

Ignoring her, Ilzarl picked up the book. However... nothing happened.

Ilzarl simply scrutinized the artifact. There was none of the tragedy Faylia

had so feared.

“...How? After touching that, how are you staying sane...?”

“Regarding that, it’s a privilege of this form. At any rate, to think there

was another power similar to Zekaraia...” Ilzarl muttered in a serious voice

as he tucked the book on his back using his chains. “I will be taking this.

Now then, the only ones who can still put up a fight are... the bastard hero

and that woman in the back, right?”

“Urgh...”

Ilzarl was looking at both Reiji and Mizuki, and began walking towards

them. He’d dealt with Graziella and easily defeated Titania, who had put up

a fierce fight. He was a monster. Beyond a shadow of doubt. And right now,

Reiji didn’t even have his sword. He hadn’t had a chance to get it back after

dropping it earlier, leaving him completely unarmed. After what he’d seen,

he didn’t even think his magic would have any effect. There was absolutely

nothing left that he could do.

“Reiji, take Mizuki and run.”

“What...?”

“If a hero dies here, then all will be lost. I will hold this damned monster

back. Now go.”

“B-But...”

As Reiji hesitated, Titania got to her feet and followed after Graziella.

“R-Reiji-sama, it is just as Her Imperial Highness says. Pay us no mind

and flee for your life.”

“No way! I can’t just leave everyone behind!”

“You needn’t worry. Her Imperial Highness and Faylia-dono are both

here with me.”

“Reiji, go and do what it is that you must,” said Graziella over her

shoulder. “Or would you have him take that weapon and kill you as well? If

even one of the heroes—the people’s beacons of hope—falls, the demons’

fervor will only grow stronger.”

“B-But...”

“You should have that resolve—if you don’t want to abandon anyone

else, that is. Now go. At this rate, everyone here will only die in vain.”

“...”

“In the worst case, use Her Royal Highness as a shield and flee.”

Graziella gave him a glinting grin. She was likely intending to convey

her composure, but in this situation, all Reiji could see and hear was heroic

martyrdom.

“Have you finished your goodbyes?”

A shadow was leisurely drawing closer. To Reiji, it looked just like the

grim reaper. As he was right now, he was staring down an opponent he

could never win against. Just as the princesses had said, his only choice was

to run away. Even if he didn’t want to, there wouldn’t be a single person

who would forgive him for his selfishness if he stayed.

“Wait!”

It was in that moment of desperation that Reiji remembered something.

He still had the Sacrament he’d put away before drawing his sword. The

only catch was that he didn’t know whether or not he could use it. There

were special words needed to awaken it as a weapon, but they hadn’t come

to him.

“Ugh...”

Reiji gritted his teeth at his own helplessness. Graziella and Titania

continued to urge him to retreat. Mizuki was looking at him worriedly. As

the time to make his decision drew nearer, he could hear a whisper in his

head.

“Is it really alright to run away? What do you intend to accomplish by

not demonstrating your power here? What will you do if you cannot save

them?”

The only thing that could be whispering to him... was the object in his

hand. And so, tightly—as tightly as he could—Reiji gripped the Sacrament.

“Awaken... WAKE UUUUUUUUP!”

Reiji shouted out in a much louder voice than he thought himself

capable of. Having an impossible choice thrust upon him, it was a roar that

defied fate. And in response to that momentous cry... the Sacrament

answered.

For an instant, the blue gem embedded in the center of the ornament

shone radiantly, emitting a gentle blue wave. The next thing Reiji knew,

everything around him turned black and white and fell still. Mizuki, Titania,

Graziella, Faylia, and even Ilzarl. Time had come to a complete stop. As if

to signify that Reiji and the Sacrament were the only exceptions, they still

held their color, which looked especially vivid in the stopped, monochrome

world around them.

Eventually, the blue wave returned to the gem as if it were rewinding.

And before Reiji knew it, the ornament in his hand had become a blue

sword that gave off a cold brilliance.

“I did it...”

It had the shape of a narrow longsword, but unlike any sword he’d ever

seen in this world or his own, the tip and the edge of the blade were made

of a metal that resembled white porcelain. And at the center of the blade

was a grand, beautiful blue enameled design. The grip was a stylish wrap of

white and blue, and imitating a guard were two white porcelain-like wings

atop intersecting circles. In the middle of those circles was a blue gem that

seemed like crystallized lightning as it sparkled brightly.

The sword was so precise and pristine that no one would doubt it was a

weapon from the future, but it also had the beauty and feel of an ancient

work of art. Seeing it manifest, Titania and Graziella’s shocked voices rang

in the air.

“Reiji-sama!”

“Reiji, you...”

Reiji was also still gripped by surprise. When he turned around, he could

see Mizuki’s beaming face. But as he turned, he could also sense a presence

flying towards him. Precisely where he had just been standing, an enormous

copper chain passed by in a flash.

“Hmph. So that’s why he called it a weapon. I see... That’s quite the

amusing object.”

Ilzarl nonchalantly gave his impression, apparently unperturbed at this

development. Reiji readily turned the Sacrament on the man whose attitude

hadn’t changed at all since he first arrived. And when he did, as if the

Sacrament was responding to Reiji’s will, it sucked in his mana and began

moving.

The two white circles that were crossing each other diagonally began

revolving in opposite directions, and the porcelain wings let out a pleasant

chill along with particles of light and a vapor of mana that crawled up his

arm. The sword began pulsating like an internal combustion engine, and

those vibrations were passed through his hands.

Reiji was trembling, though it was uncertain whether it was because the

sword itself was moving, or if it was because of his irrepressible urge to put

the sword to use. A shining blue magic circle formed at his feet. As he

swung the sword to the side, the air that the tip of the blade dragged through

formed a blue crystal trail that broke into diamond dust.

The scattering dust froze the air and ground before Reiji, but there was

no sense of intensity or urgency to its workings. Compared to the magic

used by Titania, Graziella, and Faylia, it was relaxed. Reiji could barely feel

any power from it, but that gentle power was tremendous.