voice.

In response, Liliana slowly began to shut the door as she stepped back

out into the hall.

“It’s... nothing. I’ll just... be going now. Goodbye...”

“No, wait. Don’t go back. Don’t say goodbye. Stay here. Please. I’m

begging you.”

“Don’t mind me... Good luck.”

“Hey, hey, hey! WAIT! Didn’t you come here because you needed

something? You said something just now, right? You asked for cu-

something or other, right?”

It was obvious that Suimei was desperately trying to keep Liliana in the

room, and all eyes now fell on her. The visiting Hatsumi in particular

looked rather scary.

“That child... Liliana-chan, right? It sounded like she just said something

about cuddling...”

So someone had heard her after all... Hatsumi shifted her narrowed eyes

to Suimei. A hero’s keen senses were not to be underestimated. But neither

was her strength. Suimei knew exactly what she was implying, and his

voice cracked as he replied.

“Ah... Ahaha! Yeah, that’s... That’s, um...”

“Don’t tell me you’ve been doing indecent things to such a small child.”

“There’s no way I would do anything indecent to Liliana!”

“Then what’s this about?”

“What? No, really, that’s...”

As Hatsumi watched Suimei hem and haw, her eyes narrowed even

further. It was just like she was looking at some lowly insect. Even Liliana

couldn’t help but shudder at the sight.

It was true Suimei was guilty of cuddling with Liliana, but that was it.

He’d never once done it with wicked intentions. He himself had lost his

family, so he understood all too well the loneliness she felt. And to help

alleviate those terrible feelings, he spoiled her from time to time.

But before he could explain all that to Hatsumi with this kind of tension

in the room, surely she would snap and kill him first. (Little did he know

she was on edge after having discovered how Felmenia and Lefille felt

about him.)

Seeing that Suimei was hard pressed to give her a proper explanation,

Hatsumi began reached down for the sword at her waist. Hearing the deadly

sound of metal sliding against metal, Suimei let out an unprecedented

pathetic yelp.

“Um, you see...”

“That’s actually...”

Felmenia and Lefille tried to come to his defense, but were having

trouble finding a lifeline to throw him. After all, it was true that Liliana had

come to ask Suimei to cuddle with her. It would be impossible for them to

deceive Hatsumi on that front. Really, the only one who could salvage this

situation was Liliana herself.

Right now, Hatsumi was closing in on Suimei with a dreadfully

menacing aura that easily surpassed that of a demon. In fact, she looked like

she might be the Demon Lord. And Liliana certainly wasn’t the only one

who thought so. She had never seen the Demon Lord personally, but there

was no other being she could think to compare Hatsumi to right now.

Nevertheless, she stepped in front of her to keep her from getting to Suimei.

“Hero Hatsumi, I did not say ‘cuddle,’ but ‘cudgel.’ I came here to get a

more detailed explanation of the cudgel magicka Suimei taught me, which

is what I asked him about when I entered. You must have misheard me.”

Under the tension of confronting the maddened hero, Liliana had slipped

into mechanical report mode. She’d done her best, but it was still quite the

lame excuse. Hatsumi’s grim expression didn’t change at all.

“Hmph. If that’s the case, then why are the three of them having such a

hard time saying it?”

“A magician’s magickas are secret arts. They must be kept hushed and

treated with all propriety. As such, the three of them were reluctant to speak

on the matter out of sheer force of habit.”

“But...”

“Hero Hatsumi, I’m sure I needn’t ask, but do I look to you like such a

pathetic child that I need to be cuddled?”

Liliana tried approaching things from a different angle. It was a life-and-

death gamble that would decide Suimei’s fate. And when it came time to

show her hand... Hatsumi grumbled reluctantly. Liliana’s physique was on

the childish side, but her demeanor and manner of speaking were mature

enough that Hatsumi came to realize she might have misjudged her age.

“No, you’re quite right. I apologize.”

“I must also apologize for saying anything that invited such a

misunderstanding.”

Bringing the matter to an end, Liliana bowed her head. She’d won the

bet and Suimei’s life, but it wasn’t all good news. Now that that much was

settled, a certain thought suddenly crossed her mind. As a consequence of

all this, she wouldn’t be able to cuddle with Felmenia or Lefille either until

Hatsumi left.

“Hmph...”

She was already at her limit waiting for cuddles. Grumbling under her

breath about Suimei’s philandering ways, she slightly puffed out her cheeks

in a pout.

“So... just what’s going on here, you three? Though... I have something

of an idea... without even having to ask.”

“That’s what I wanna know! You three have been kinda weird since I got

here.”

“Suimei... please be quiet.”

“Oof...”

After shushing Suimei, Liliana returned her gaze to Hatsumi, who

childishly looked away.

“It’s nothing. There’s nothing going on with me.”

It was then that Lefille, who had been keeping a watchful eye on the

situation, piped up.

“Oh? Is that so?”

“Huh?! That’s, um...”

Seeing Hatsumi’s bewilderment, Lefille cast a sidelong glance her way.

In a fluster, it sounded like she might be changing her story.

“You just said there’s nothing going on, right?” Lefille pressed.

Hatsumi’s eyes darted left to right, up and down. They, much like her

heart, seemed to be restless. All she could manage in the way of a reply was

mumbling.

“You are not speaking clearly,” Felmenia said with something of a grim

expression.

“By the way, Lady Hatsumi... What’s wrong with Prince Weitzer?”

Hearing Lefille’s question, Hatsumi’s face instantly turned bright red.

“I don’t have that kind of relationship with Weitzer! A-And when you

say it like that, you make it sound like I’m in l-l-l-l-love with this guy or

something!”

“Am I wrong?”

“You’re wrong! Both Weitzer and this guy are wrong!”

After clamoring that everything was wrong, Hatsumi puffed out her

cheeks in an angry pout and turned away. It was perfectly transparent that

she was just being stubborn. (To everyone but Suimei, that is.) But it

seemed Lefille had also grown somewhat embarrassed as she petitioned her

next question awkwardly.

“Th-Then... there’s no problem with us getting along with Suimei-kun,

right?”

“Th-That’s...”

“Getting along” was just vague enough that Hatsumi was having a

problem objecting to it. And as she struggled to come up with an answer,

Suimei—who still didn’t really understand what was going on—joined the

conversation that he really should have just stayed out of.

“Hey, Hatsumi, I’m a bit lost, but why get so worked up about it?

There’s nothing wrong with everyone getting along, right?”

“...And just what do you mean when you say ‘getting along’?”

“What? I mean...”

As Suimei fumbled for words, Hatsumi puffed her cheeks up even more

before blowing her lid altogether.

“What?! After all that ‘it’s my job to save her’ talk?! I heard all about it

from Selphy!”

“Huh, wuh? What? No, I mean, I remember saying that, but...”

“Didn’t you say you were going to protect me?!”

“Yeah, but isn’t that normal? We’re family.”

“It’s not normal!”

“Wait, what?”

Getting a completely different reply from what he was expecting,

Suimei was left dumbstruck. He’d taken a stand to protect a precious family

member—and he was completely at a loss having that turned around on

him. What else could that possibly mean? It seemed Felmenia was

wondering as well.

“Suimei-dono, I would also like to ask in detail just what you were

thinking when you made such a claim.”

“I’m also curious,” agreed Lefille. “Very curious indeed.”

“Spit it out!” barked Hatsumi.

The three of them were steadily closing in on Suimei. It was a rather

pitiful sight, but he was merely reaping what he’d already sown.

“U-Uh, um... Hey, guys... If you raise your voices and cause a fuss,

you’ll bother the other guests staying here, so could you be a little quieter

and more amicable? Maybe?”

Suimei tried to smooth things over, but...

“It’s alright, Suimei. Just a moment ago... I put up a sound-isolating

barrier... around the entire room.”

“Oh, cool. Thanks for— Wait, that’s not what I meant at all!”

“Was I wrong?”

“Well, I can’t say you were wrong to do it, but... Damn it, Liliana! That

was on purpose, wasn’t it?!”

Liliana was currently making the thumbs up gesture that Suimei had

taught her, and then turned it upside down. And down, down he fell, far into

the depths of hell. There would be no escape. If Liliana couldn’t have her

cuddles, it was only fair that Suimei pay the price with equal suffering.

“M-My allies...”

“You have none. If you cut somebody, you will wet your own body with

blood, as they say.”

Hearing Liliana repeat the saying she’d once used against him, Suimei’s

shoulders drooped in an utterly crestfallen fashion. But the group of girls

encircling him showed no mercy in their approach.

“So, Yakagi, about what we were talking about... Care to explain?”

“Didn’t I?! I said I just wanted to protect my family. There’s no

particular meaning to it other than that...”

“Talking like that can only give way to misunderstandings!”

“Indeed. It seems I need to teach you a thing or two about speaking in

such vague terms.”

“Suimei-dono, I told you that you must speak up and express yourself

clearly!”

The dirty looks the girls had been shooting at each other earlier now all

fell on Suimei.

“Why are all of you suddenly colluding...?”

Consequently, he would be on the receiving end of their nagging and

sermons for quite some time.

★

“Well, it’s about time I go back,” Hatsumi announced.

“I’ll see you off...” Suimei replied like a lifeless zombie.

For a while now, he had been interrogated and lectured. It left him so

utterly drained that he was completely disheartened and on the verge of just

blacking out. In spite of it being the afternoon and quite sunny, the very

spot where he stood radiated gloom.

After Hatsumi said her farewells, Lefille and Felmenia also stood from

their seats.

“We will come along as well.”

“That sounds great. Shall we all see her off together?”

“What...? Um, I should really be fine on my own...”

Before she knew it, Hatsumi had an entire entourage volunteering to go

with her. Thinking it would be a bother, she tried to decline them, but it

seemed they weren’t simply trying to be polite in offering her an escort.

“That’s... not it. With everyone around you... it’ll be harder... for anyone

to discover you.”

“Ah, I get it!”

Hatsumi clapped her hands when she heard Liliana’s explanation. She

was also somewhat uneasy about hiding her identity with only a robe. But if