Elliot Austin had just arrived in the western territory of the kingdom of

Astel—in Kurant City, to be precise. While visiting the area at the request

of the Church of Salvation, he was also en route to the country of Thoria,

which lay to the north of Astel. But right here and now in Kurant City, he

stood before a towering mansion under the evening sky. In the light of the

mana lamps placed outside, he once more looked at the letter that had been

passed to him that afternoon.

“My goodness. I get an invitation as soon as I arrive...”

He let out a long sigh, reflecting on how hectic it was to be a hero.

Promptly after he arrived, as though he was expected, he’d received an

invitation from the lord of the mansion in front of him.

That lord was Lucas de Hadorious, the ruler of Kurant City and an

important noble who held great influence in Astel. Elliot had a formal

meeting with him set up by the Church of Salvation for the next day, but

preempting that, Hadorious had set up a meeting of his own. Elliot had no

reason to refuse, so after leaving Christa behind at their lodgings at the

church, he’d come to visit the mansion.

Upon introducing himself to the gate guards and flashing the letter he’d

received, Elliot was immediately shown inside. As he passed through the

door to the private room where Hadorious was seated, he took a moment to

appreciate how dimly lit it was. The only thing serving as a light source was

the moonlight coming in from the window. The man who’d summoned him

was sitting at his desk, exuding a needless intensity from his eyes without

so much as saying a word. It was overwhelming, even compared to the aura

Graziella gave off.

Elliot was quite taken aback by it, but trying to make sure that it didn’t

show on the surface, he stepped forward and stood before the duke. He was

definitely pressuring Elliot, but Hadorious simply pretended like he didn’t

realize that and called out to Elliot.

“The hero of El Meide, Elliot-dono... I thank you for accepting my

sudden summons. How are you doing this evening?”

“Up until now everything was just normal, but after coming to your

estate, I feel like I’m suddenly between a rock and a hard place.”

“I’m sure you do.”

Hearing Elliot’s sarcastic tone, Hadorious responded with a snort. This

man seemed to keep his wariness concealed.

As I thought, this man is aware...

Unlike the emperor of Nelferia who always and without exception had

an intimidating air about him, Hadorious’s intensity seemed to be used with

a sense of purpose. It was like his stone gaze was some sort of test, and it

went without question that the one being tested would surely feel the

pressure. While Elliot was nursing such doubts, he kept up his facade and

questioned Hadorious.

“Are you not going to turn on the lights?”

“I simply thought it would be more refined to sit under the moonlight. If

you do not mind, then I would like to leave it as such.”

Elliot internally questioned Hadorious’s mysterious subtleties, but

outwardly gave a nod in response.

“And so, what business do you have with me today?”

“As the lord of this town, I thought it was necessary to greet you.”

“If it was a greeting you were after, you could have waited until

tomorrow. Besides, calling this a greeting is pure pretense at this point.”

“Regarding that, I recall Astel’s hero saying something similar.”

There, a faint smile surfaced on Hadorious’s lips. Seeing this, Elliot let

just a fraction of his displeasure show as he continued.

“If that is all you have to say, then I will take my leave.”

“Now, now, don’t be so hasty. I have one more matter to discuss with

you. The reason I called you here today, bastard, was because I wanted to

have a talk with you one on one.”

“Bast— Just what is it?”

Elliot choked back his complaint at the sudden discourtesy and instead

urged the conversation forward. Hadorious then folded his hands together

atop his desk.

“I’d like to hear your damned opinion on something.”

“My opinion? My opinion on what, exactly? Could it be that you think

I’m going to cause some kind of harm to this country?”

“No, I believe no such thing. You see, I simply want to know why it is

you wish to save this world.”

To Elliot, this seemed like nothing more than foolish, pompous whimsy

—the kind typical of nobles. He was speaking like he was toying with

Elliot, but regardless, Elliot replied honestly.

“It is not like I want to save the world itself, per se. I am simply saving

the people who wish to be saved, and as a result, the world is also being

saved. It is not something that I give much thought.”

“...”

“Does that answer not please you?”

To Hadorious, it must have sounded unconvincing. As Elliot was

thinking that, Hadorious shook his head.

“Let me rephrase: why do you want to defeat the demons, bastard?”

“...Just as I said before, to save the people who want to be saved.”

“I see. That is quite noble of you.”

“As I suspected, this answer does not satisfy you, does it?”

“Indeed, it is strange.”

Faced with the continuous stream of indirect replies mixed with

sarcasm, Elliot’s tone was starting to betray his irritation.

“I believe that standing up to fight for the sake of others is only natural.”

“However, it does not have anything to do with you personally, does it?

The crisis of this world, the people here... You’re an unrelated third party.”

“That is certainly true, but...”

He had a point there, but Elliot had his pride. In his world, he was a

brave and well-known warrior. He had built up his own sense of pride and

established his own set of values. He would never act only to benefit his

own well-being. It was true he wasn’t from this world, but he’d become

personally invested in it and its people. He couldn’t just bluntly refuse

them. It seemed that Hadorious had also picked up on his train of thought...

“So how does this all necessitate defeating the demons? Even without

fighting them, can’t you still save the people of this world?”

“I am fighting the demons because it was requested of me, and I have

the power to do so. That is why I complied.”

“I see. You are the same as the others in that regard, then.”

“...?”

Elliot was unable to grasp Hadorious’s true motives behind his

mysterious phrasing, and was racking his brain for a suitable reply.

“You have a better understanding than that man, it must be said. At least

in regards as to how the world actually works.”

“...?”

“Based on your reply to my earlier question, I will ask you one more.

You have resolved yourself to fight the demons, but why do you really think

that is? To come to this world and act as a hero to save it... Do you not find

it strange that you never once doubted what you were doing?”

“Whether I found it strange or not, my will to fight was nothing other

than my own.”

Fighting the demons was something he had decided to do himself.

Certainly, the fact that his motivation seemed bottomless was odd, even to

Elliot himself, but...

“That is not what I meant, bastard. You are— No, it’s not just you. Every

single one of you heroes are being manipulated.”

“Manipulated? By who?”

“The Goddess. The fact that you have all decided to fight with such

conviction in this world is no coincidence. It was all influenced by the

Goddess and her plans.”

“...”

Hearing Hadorious’s bold declaration, Elliot kept his mouth shut and

thought it over. Just where exactly was he going with this? He’d started

asking about why Elliot was fighting, and had now moved on to the

Goddess... Elliot couldn’t see the end goal of this conversation. To him, it

all seemed like some kind of joke. But for some reason, he was unable to

just laugh it off.

“And why does that matter to you? We heroes received divine protection

from the Goddess, so surely it’s reasonable to assume that there could be

some other kind of intervention involved. Besides, I do not think it’s a

particularly bad thing in this case if it’s for the sake of saving people.”

“It is just as you say, bastard. However, what if it wasn’t actually for the

sake of the people? If the heroes’ existence was only to satisfy the

Goddess’s selfish desires, what would you think about it then?”

“Let me riddle you this. Because the nature of divinity is so vast and out

of our realm of understanding, it is foolish to assume that gods possess the

same mundane motivations that humans do. I do not believe that anything

truly divine is capable of greed.”

So he declared. But as Elliot spoke, beads of sweat began forming on his

forehead. He’d realized something that he didn’t want to, and it was

immediately beginning to weigh on him. The pressure of it, much like

Hadorious’s gaze, was relentless.

“If you’re so knowledgeable about the beings known as gods, then you

should have also already thought about this. Certainly, gods do not possess

a sense of greed. But just what are these so-called gods, really? What

exactly do they do?”

As Elliot gulped hard, he contemplated Hadorious’s questions, and in

doing so, recalled a conversation he’d previously had with Suimei. The talk

he was currently having with Hadorious wasn’t too different. Suimei too

had asked him his opinion on the gods, but because Elliot mistook him for a

person of this world, he hadn’t investigated it any further. If he had, he

likely would have arrived at the conclusion he was just about to...

“Well, Elliot-dono?”

“...For the sake of amassing their own power, they are existences that

exert their authority.”

“And do you think that such existences would allow individuals that

they’ve invested their power in to act freely? You know deep in your heart

that you are dancing to the Goddess’s tune, correct?”

He was right. Elliot’s actions may not have truly been his own will. It

was reasonable to wonder if the reason he so thoroughly believed that he

had to fight the demons no matter what was truly because something was

working behind the scenes to plant that suggestion in his head.

“But... is that wrong?”

“Hmm?”

“Certainly, it may not be my own will. Our fight may be the result of the

Goddess’s despotism. However, because of that, people will be saved. In

that case, I do not think it is particularly a bad thing. You could even say it’s

necessary. After all, it is the will of the gods.”

“To say you’re simply doing what’s necessary is to deny your own

agency in your destiny. Fragile lives are lost or trampled every day because

of ‘the will of the gods.’ Would you still say that’s necessary, bastard?”

“What are you referring to?”

But when Elliot asked that, Hadorious answered his question with

another question.

“Allow me to ask you this first: What kind of place was your world?

Was it a world where people strived to make life better? Aren’t those efforts

the foundation upon which your world was built?”

“What are you saying? Isn’t that obvi—”

Indeed, to Elliot, it was obvious that people always strove for a better

life. As long as people lived, they would push for development and the

betterment of themselves and society. However, from the way Hadorious

was speaking, it sounded like he was skeptical of something...

It was then that Elliot realized it. Hadorious’s questions had made him

realize the mechanism that drove this world.

“It couldn’t be... This world...”

The moment he asked for confirmation, the door to the office opened

and several soldiers appeared. As they fell into line, Elliot glanced at them

and questioned Hadorious.

“What is the meaning of this?”

“Our conversation is over for now. I’ll be moving on to testing you.”

“If it is something violent, then I will lodge a complaint with the Church

of Salvation.”

“That’ll only be if you manage to leave here, no?”

“Do you really think they’ll be able to stop me?”

Hadorious’s words were arrogant and daring, but the only forces he’d

summoned were mere soldiers. Even if they attacked together, they would

be no match for Elliot who was under the Goddess’s divine protection. But

as Elliot was thinking this, Hadorious stood up from his desk.

“I’ll be your opponent, bastard.”