After Suimei’s party returned to the Nelferian Empire from the Saadias

Alliance, they headed back to the house they used as a base. It was just as

they’d left it. The alabaster that Suimei had heavily plastered on the walls of

the surrounding buildings was still a nice, pure white. The characteristic

dankness of such backstreet neighborhoods was nowhere to be found in this

place, which radiated an aura of cheer and brightness. With the sunlight

shining down into it from overhead, it was almost like a park.

Looking around, several of the cats that Suimei had made his temporary

familiars were settled on top of the tables and chairs that had been left in the

patio area. They were purring and relaxing as they lay spread out. Some

were lazily scratching themselves, some were snoozing away, and some

were sunning themselves up on the balcony.

“Kitties!”

The moment she saw all this, Liliana cast aside her parasol and made a

beeline for the felines, her reddish-violet twintails bouncing through the air

after her. Since she’d been away for a while, she needed a refresher session

of quality time with some small, furry friends. Thinking back on it, Suimei

remembered that Liliana had been somewhat reluctant to part with the cats

when they left the Empire.

“Hug...”

“Meeeow!”

After capturing several cats, Liliana pressed them against her cheeks all

at once. Because Liliana had made friends with them back when they were

temporary familiars of Suimei’s, they didn’t at all seem to mind her

affection. The only one who seemed to think anything of it was the tiny

Lefille. Stooping over to grab the parasol that Liliana had cast aside, Lefille

scooped up a cat herself and began talking to it.

“I guess you guys aren’t going to return to where you came from, huh?”

“Meow.”

Even as she continued to poke the cat’s cheek and question it, the only

reply she received—of course—was meowing. She’d known that would

happen, but still felt like she had to try. It was Liliana, who was next to her

while gently petting as many cats as she could, that replied for them.

“It’s pretty here... and it’s easy to take an afternoon catnap... so they

come around once in a while.”

“Cats love clean places, after all. So I suppose in their roaming around,

they enjoy stopping by here to nap and relax.”

“Meow.”

The cats meowed as if to agree, and Liliana listened to them intently. It

looked like she was having a conversation with them, but it was just a

method Suimei had taught her to come to a mutual understanding with

animals.

After the incident in the Empire had been resolved, the cats’ job was

fulfilled. So in accordance with their contract (which had been cooperation

in exchange for food and a place to sleep for a finite period of time), the

magicka that partially enhanced their intelligence was dispelled. That

returned them to being normal cats, and they all returned to their regular

haunts. But there was no erasing the knowledge they’d gained of this place

—which was indeed a wonderful place to take a catnap—so many of them

returned quite frequently.

“At this rate, it’ll become a gathering spot for them at night, huh?”

“I imagine so, Suimei-dono. It is often said that cats like to gather.”

Felmenia seemed quite happy about it. She was also rather fond of cats,

so the tranquil sight of so many of them together was like food for the soul.

“B-By the way, um...”

Felmenia then glanced back and forth between the cats and Suimei.

She’d gone from seeming cheerful to embarrassed as she fidgeted restlessly.

“Hmm? Ah, the cats, right? Go on.”

“Yes!”

Her silver hair streaking behind her, Felmenia practically leaped towards

Liliana and began petting the cats as well. Time passed like that peacefully

for a while, but then Suimei and the others heard a familiar voice from

down the alley.

“Ah, they’re here!”

It was a young man’s voice—one Suimei knew particularly well, and

one that was somewhat reassuring to hear. When Suimei turned around, he

spied Reiji and his party, who should have been in the Saadias Alliance.

Titania then called out to him with her usual composed expression.

“So you’ve returned?”

“Yeah, we just got back.”

As Suimei shrugged his shoulders, Felmenia came running up from

behind him carrying a cat. She immediately fell to one knee and properly

greeted Titania like a princess.

“Your Highness, it is wonderful to see you in good health.”

“White Flame-dono, it is also nice to see you in such good spirits. Do

you like cats?”

“Huh? Um, well... yes...”

The sight of Felmenia courteously kneeling with a cat in her arms was

too much for even the self-possessed Titania, who began giggling. After

Felmenia replied in an embarrassed tone, she moved the conversation

onward.

“Your Highness, if I remember correctly, was it not your plan to reassure

the citizens of the self-governed state?”

“Indeed, we have just returned to the Empire this morning.”

“Actually, we got called back by that noble again,” Reiji announced,

admitting the real reason for their return.

“That noble again, huh?”

“Mm...”

As Reiji replied with a grim expression, Suimei realized that the person

in their group who was usually the loudest hadn’t made an appearance yet.

“So, where’s Mizuki? I haven’t seen her yet.”

“U-Um, Mizuki is...”

“What’s up?”

Suimei cocked his head to the side as he asked for the details, but Reiji

awkwardly looked away. And just as he did...

“FUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Suddenly, an excessively tense, high-energy laugh rang out from behind

Reiji and the others. Hearing it, Suimei’s heart sank.

“Say, Reiji... Why is it I’m getting such a terrible feeling about that

laugh?”

“Don’t make me say it...”

As Reiji answered him in a tired voice, Mizuki arrived on the scene—

her odd eye shining gold.

“It has been a while, Dark Crimson Hider whose darkness is deeper than

that of the universe I inhabit! Oh, my eternal rival!”

“Ahhh... I see.”

Just hearing what Mizuki said, Suimei seemed to figure out what was

going on. Looking at Reiji and Titania, he could tell that the two of them

were at their wits’ end. As Mizuki strode over to him confidently, Suimei

beheld her with a complex expression.

“You know, Mizuki... didn’t you stop doing that?”

“What are you talking about? Besides, I am not Mizuki. I am a unique

existence between all heaven and earth, the Holy King of the Heavens, Io

Kuzami.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah... None of that’s real.”

As Suimei gave an apathetic response, Felmenia looked at him

bemusedly.

“Suimei-dono, just what is even going on here? I am having a hard time

understanding.”

“Even if you ask me... Hey, Reiji, what’s up with this?”

Reiji then explained what had happened in the self-governed state.

About how they’d attained the weapon left behind by a hero of old. About

how a demon general had appeared. And about how Mizuki had ended up

like this.

“I see... So she started acting like this after getting that weapon.”

“Mm. That’s why it’s my fault. If I’d properly protected her, then...”

Reiji’s expression was tense. He’d said he’d protect Mizuki from the

very beginning, even before they’d left Astel. That things had turned out

like this weighed heavily on him.

“Well, don’t worry about it.”

“But—”

“Mizuki’s also responsible for saying she would go along. Besides,

nothing will come out of brooding over it now. Spilled milk and all that.

Also, if she suddenly got weird again, isn’t it possible she might just

suddenly go back to being normal?”

His burden perhaps allayed by such optimistic words, Reiji’s expression

lightened.

“You’re right.”

“Though I have to say, I’m pretty floored by this turn of events...”

“Yeah...”

Reiji looked at Mizuki for a moment with a complicated expression. He

likely wanted to say that he wished this hadn’t happened. And he wasn’t the

only one in his group who felt that way.

“Well, whatever. Let’s head inside for now. We actually just got back

ourselves though, so I don’t have much to offer you in the way of

hospitality.”

“You needn’t pay us any mind. We’re primarily here to exchange

information, after all.”

Following up on Titania’s polite reply, Io Kuzami—previously known as

Mizuki—took a haughty attitude.

“Hmph. Then let us go to your damned castle.”

“Mizuki, you wait out here for a bit.”

“I am Io Kuzami.”

“Yeah, yeah, I got it, Io Kuzami-san. Menia, get Lefi and Liliana and go

inside with Reiji and the others.”

After waiting for everyone else to enter the house, Suimei turned to Io

Kuzami.

“Now then... Well, so? You’re seriously not pretending here, right?”

“Do you still not believe me, bastard?”

“Just checking. Come here for a bit.”

“I refuse.”

“Of course... Actually, it’s faster for me to just get closer. Lend me your

head.”

Looking like he was more than ready to pick a fight, Suimei drew closer.

As he did, Io Kuzami put on a smile like she was toying with him.

“Did I not say that I refuse?”

“Can’t hear you.”

Promptly ignoring Io Kazumi, Suimei placed his hand on her head. He

hadn’t been able to do anything for Hatsumi because she couldn’t

remember who she was supposed to be, but in the case of a split personality,

it was possible to return the original personality to dominance without any

trauma. And so, despite feeling guilty about it, Suimei prepared to cast his

magicka. But just as he did...

“Bastard, do you intend to tamper with this little girl’s head again?”

“!”

Io Kuzami smirked like she knew exactly what Suimei was up to.

Gripped with surprise, he took a step back. Io Kuzami then flashed another

smirk—a much darker one.

“What’s wrong? That’s not really something to be so startled over, is it?”

“...What are you? And how the hell do you know that?”

Suimei questioned her with a severe expression. What he’d done was

supposed to be his secret and his secret alone. How could a split personality

that had just suddenly appeared possibly know about it? Doubt and

suspicion began whirling around in his head. Meanwhile, Io Kuzami simply

continued smirking.

“You’re making quite a grim face, but am I wrong? It’s something that

happened before you bastards came to this world. Yes, this little girl had

fallen in love with you, but you trampled on that love. Using your damned

powers, you shifted her infatuation to a different target.”

“...Yeah, that’s right.”

It was true. At first, Mizuki was seriously interested in Reiji. But while

Suimei was helping her approach Reiji, she’d ended up falling in love with

him instead. And just as Io Kuzami said, Suimei had used magicka to

deflect those feelings onto someone else. Being confronted with this now,

Suimei gave Io Kuzami a dubious look. His eyes asked her how she knew

all that.

“It’s a trifling matter, really. When I possessed this little girl, I simply

had a little peek at her memories. Of course, I also had a look at those damn

memories that you sealed away.”

It was then that Suimei somehow came to a vague understanding of just