“For the esteemed duke to step forward himself... Will it not be

troublesome if you’re injured fighting a hero?”

“First, let’s see you try.”

Ignoring Elliot’s sarcasm, Hadorious provoked him. It was difficult to

have a spat within a lord’s manor, but judging that nothing would be

accomplished through diplomacy now, Elliot drew his sword and attacked.

But he was stopped in his tracks by Hadorious’s sword before he realized

that he’d even drawn it.

“Wha?!”

“Hah... As I thought, you jump to action differently from the others.”

“You stopped my sword... with one hand?”

Elliot had no intention of actually hitting Hadorious. He fully planned

on stopping just shy of striking him to make a point. The speed of his sword

was such that no human should have been able to see it coming, so it was a

tremendous shock that Hadorious had been able to block it—wielding his

blade single-handedly, no less.

“Hero, surely you do not intend to say that this is all you’ve got... You

also held back when you fought the third imperial princess of the Empire,

did you not?”

“...How do you know that?”

“Let’s just say I have my ways of finding things out.”

Elliot put his strength into his sword, but the resistance he felt made him

leap backward. He then returned his sword to its sheath.

He couldn’t understand this man. He had no idea what he was thinking.

At this rate, anything could happen. He could be captured, even killed...

Nothing seemed impossible at this point.

Coming to that conclusion, Elliot made his resolve. What he needed to

do right now was to use all his strength to make an escape. Still unarmed,

Elliot rolled up his right sleeve. When he did, a silver gauntlet appeared on

his forearm. He then gave his final warning.

“...If I get serious, it will come at no small material cost to this mansion,

you understand.”

“That is only if you are able to use your power well.”

“Allow me to show you just what I can do.”

Electricity coiled around Elliot’s arm. It lashed out, smashing and

destroying the furnishings it touched. But even so, he was still holding it

back. And it seemed Hadorious saw through even that.

“A great power, I see... This is why you could not use it in the middle of

the city.”

“Naturally. Because of the divine protection from the hero summoning,

my power is exceptionally strong. If I used this in the middle of a city, it

would be a bother to innocent civilians.”

Just as Elliot was about to throw himself at Hadorious...

“If you have that much power, then it is more than enough.”

“More than enough...?”

“I am talking about the divine protection. If it is that well adapted to

your body, then the necessary portion has likely been filled.”

“I do not know what you are talking about, but I am not about to stand

down at this point.”

“Do as you please. After all, it is not my role to stop you.”

Immediately after Hadorious’s veiled threat, a shock ran through Elliot’s

nape.

“Wh... What...?”

Elliot was puzzled. The sudden blow left his consciousness hazy, and he

used all his strength to focus on his senses. The soldiers behind him had

showed no signs of moving, but...

“As one would expect of the Lonely Shadow. To think even this hero

was unable to sense you. Your title isn’t just for show, I see.”

A name he had heard before reached Elliot’s ears. When he was in the

Empire, the people from the army spoke fearfully of the Lonely Shadow, a

man with swept-back black hair accentuated with a splash of gray. He had

reddish-brown eyes and a rigid face. His presence could meld into any

shadow. He was the Empire’s greatest swordsman and assassin.

“R-Rogue Zandyke... Just when...”

“From the very beginning. It was wise to take note of the soldiers who

came in, but to neglect the possibility that someone was lurking here from

the start... It’s a mistake one would expect a hero to make.”

“Ugh...”

Unable to support his body anymore, Elliot fell to a knee while

trembling. While vaguely listening to Rogue’s warning, Elliot’s

consciousness gradually sank into a muddy darkness. After Rogue

confirmed that he was out cold, he carried Elliot over to the sofa and laid

him down. He then turned to Hadorious.

“...Could you not have done it yourself?”

“It was better for you to. The hero’s power is not something that can be

underestimated.”

“And who was the one who took that power head-on?” Rogue replied in

a taciturn manner.

His attitude was insolent, but it seemed there was something of an

understanding between him and Hadorious. The soldiers in the room

certainly said nothing of it. After a moment’s pause, Hadorious raised a

different matter.

“However, was that alright? Becoming a Universal Apostle like us?”

“A foolish question. I have sworn my sword to Gottfried-dono. Isn’t the

same true for you?”

“No.”

“Explain.”

“My sword is already dedicated to another. I cannot lie about that. Of

course, I have not forgotten my great admiration for that man.”

Hadorious was clearly thinking of someone. Rogue felt like he could

nearly see a hallucination in the direction his far-off gaze was staring.

“Hadorious-dono, there is one thing that I must pass on to you.”

“Let’s hear it.”

“The demons have moved. They’ve already plunged into Thoria and are

on their way to the Empire.”

“I see. As expected, they moved precisely as he predicted.”

As Hadorious sighed, Rogue raised a doubt of his own. Something that

had been bothering him.

“Isn’t this different from the original plan? The invasion of the demons

in Astel and the departure of Reiji-dono to the self-governed state. The

failure to capture the Alliance’s hero. There have been deviations that

cannot be ignored.”

“Regarding that, adjustments are being made on each occasion. As such,

there’s no real problem. The original plan was to gather all of the heroes

beforehand, but it seems that has changed a little.”

“What do you mean? In that case, the Empire will have to stand and

fight against the demons without a hero and end up losing, right?”

“No, that will not happen.”

“Hmm... Then the Alliance’s hero will go to the Empire? Or will we

have this hero take care of the demon subjugation ahead of schedule?”

Rogue gave Elliot a sidelong glance, but Hadorious shook his head.

“No, that duty will fall on Astel’s hero.”

“But are Reiji-dono’s abilities not insufficient? A fight against an army

of demons would likely be too heavy a responsibility for him. After the

incident in the Empire, its prominent nobles have decreased in number. If

it’s not Elliot-dono, then I don’t think things will balance back out

properly.”

“Regarding the hero of Astel’s abilities, it is not a matter to be concerned

over. We will simply play our hand so that he can win. Besides, Hero Reiji

is currently quite famous. Because he was made out as the one who

defeated ten thousand demons in Astel, his reputation exceeds Hero

Elliot’s.”

“But the Alliance’s hero has also defeated a demon general, correct?”

“The Alliance’s Hero Hatsumi has just ended a large battle with the

demons in a draw. She was also unable to quell the uproar in Miazen. That

will affect her reputation. Meanwhile, Hero Reiji has inherited a legendary

weapon from the self-governed state and driven back the demon general

who attacked him for it. If he drives back the demons from the Empire on

top of that...”

“Certainly, Reiji-dono would be known as the strongest hero.”

Currently, Reiji’s apparent achievements as a hero had indeed surpassed

Elliot’s. In terms of actual ability, he was somewhat lacking, but to the

people who blindly believed in the tales of heroes, none of that mattered.

Seeing that Rogue was convinced, Hadorious glanced over at Elliot.

“All that matters is the faith of the populace. Certainly, it is also

important for a hero to have the power to drive back the demons, but that is

a secondary concern. Currently, the Alliance’s hero is the strongest of all,

but the divine protection she received is inferior. However, since Hero Reiji

has been steadily distinguishing himself, the Goddess must also have her

eye on him. Naturally, we must put the other heroes to use as well.”

Pausing for a moment there, Hadorious looked up at the moon through

the window.

“Let us make sure that Hero Reiji gains the utmost fame that he can so

that he receives the Goddess’s favor and becomes a peerless hero.”

To set him up in such a high position, hardship would be completely

unavoidable. After all, if he could not prove himself, it would only come

back to bite him once he was elevated. Rogue muttered lightly to himself

out of pity for Reiji.