who Io Kuzami really was.

“Answer me. What are you? What kind of spirit?”

“There’s no need to be so angry. I have no intention of making any

mischief. The reason that I am borrowing this little girl’s body is simply

because our interests coincided. Besides, you are unable to remove me,

correct?”

“Don’t underestimate a modern magician. We’ve been exorcising things

like you for ages with all kinds of magicka.”

“Enough. You might even be able to do so with me, but the burden on

this little girl will be considerable. It may just break her, you understand?”

“...”

Suimei was unable to deny that. If what had possessed Mizuki was

indeed a powerful being and he forcefully drove it out of her, it would come

at a significant cost. And since he couldn’t argue, Suimei simply scowled at

Io Kuzami.

“What? Don’t make such a frightening face. There’s nothing to worry

about. I have no intention of bringing any harm to this little girl, though she

may yet go through some painful experiences.”

“Is that the truth?”

“I don’t lie.”

That much he could be certain about. By their very nature, spirits did not

lie. There were occasions that they avoided telling the truth or tricked

people, but if a spirit wasn’t the mischievous type, they could be taken at

their word. So if this being guaranteed Mizuki’s safety, Suimei had every

reason to believe it. And so Suimei gave up on trying to drive whatever it

was out by force. Io Kuzami then looked at him with a curious expression.

“If this little girl is so precious to you, then why do you keep her at a

distance?”

“Shut up. I’m a magician, and Mizuki is a normal human. I have to draw

a line to keep her safe.”

“I see.”

After a brief reply, Io Kuzami smirked once more.

“Also, don’t mention any of this to the others. You hear me, bastard?

This is a secret between the two of us.”

And with that, whatever had possessed Mizuki laughed with her mouth.

Afterword

It’s been a while, everyone. This is Gamei Hitsuji.

The story this time around is the conclusion to the Saadias Alliance arc.

Most of Suimei and company’s battles are resolved there, and formidable

enemies are appearing one after the other. Things are gradually getting more

and more serious. Hang in there, Suimei-kun!

After all is said and done, the centerpiece of this volume was the battle

with Eanru, wasn’t it? It is quite a heated battle, the likes of which we

haven’t seen for a while!

And then, and then! There’s more! In this volume, I wrote much more

than I ever have up until now about Reiji-kun’s story! It’s finally come!

Reiji’s time to shine! Or really, Mizuki’s! (Ha!) From now on, the portions

where Reiji-kun becomes stronger and Mizuki’s gag portions as Io Kuzami

may just increase steadily! It would please me if you looked forward to not

only just Suimei-kun’s, but to their activities as well.

Allow me to thank everybody who helped safely bring volume 6 out into

the world. To chief editor S-sama; illustrator himesuz-sama; designer

Horiehideaki-sama; and the proofreading company Oraido-sama, I couldn’t

have done it without you.

-Gamei Hitsuji

Table of Contents

Cover

Color Illustrations