“Aah, no, that’s not what I meant... Hmph, to think that my faults as a

teacher would be so glaring after all this time...”

Suimei generally felt like he understood his father fairly well, despite his

inscrutable demeanor. But right now, he felt like nothing short of a mystery.

But the simple fact that Suimei was so stumped as to what Kazamitsu really

meant only highlighted the problem further.

Currently, even compared to other high-ranking magicians, Suimei was

more than equipped enough to join the fight against the dragon. However,

since Kazamitsu had always hated the idea of Suimei becoming a magician

filled with self-conceit, he’d been especially hard on him as his teacher.

Kazamitsu had never properly explained to Suimei that he was

following in the footsteps of an exceptionally skilled magician. In short,

that he was being held to a near impossible standard. Suimei’s father had

originally wanted him to live a normal life. Like a normal boy, completely

ignorant to the world of magicka. But once he crossed that line, his father

took his training very seriously. Perhaps too seriously. And that was now the

source of Suimei’s confusion. He thought all of that had been normal.

But nevertheless, he had gained great strength from it. Kazamitsu was

proud of him—both as his father and as a magician. Any of the magicka

organizations would have gladly welcomed someone of Suimei’s talent. The

only problem was that Suimei had no idea.

It could be said that Kazamitsu had gone too far in trying to quash all

self-conceit in his blossoming magician of a son. Nearly the opposite had

grown in its place. Suimei was now victim to a critical lack of self-

awareness. How exactly that would affect him in the future would be up to

him to handle. But for now...

“You’ll understand everything if you go,” said Kazamitsu. “That being

said, don’t lose your focus. This battle will likely be the greatest challenge

you ever face.”

“...Yes, sir.”

Suimei nodded to his father, and after the two of them were finished

with their coffee, he stood up and took their mugs to the sink. As he stared

at the water rushing out of the faucet, he realized a sense of discomfort was

washing over him.

“A dragon, huh...?”

He could feel an ominous tingling on the back of his neck like it was

being singed. It grew into a burning, pulsating sensation as it assailed him.

From what his father had told him, it was a power that he’d inherited from

his mother. Though Suimei had no way of knowing what it meant at the

time.

It could be said this was the day magician Yakagi Suimei’s battle truly

started.