horseback riding skills.
“I’ll do my best!”
Moreover, Felmenia was fired up. Seeing her like this, Suimei was sure
things would turn out fine.
“You’re up next, right?” Suimei said as he turned to Liliana.
“Yes... This magicka will slap...”
“Wait, slap?”
“Ehem... This magicka will... surprise you.”
Liliana really did hate to lose... The way she crawled into Suimei’s bed
sometimes was endlessly endearing, so why was she this venomous
otherwise? It felt like she was going through a rebellious phase or
something.
“Mr. Penguin, Mr. Penguin...”
“Huh?”
“Hmm?”
“What?”
Liliana muttered a new name with her usual curseweaving. And before
long, several penguins took shape. There were all pitch black as if painted
with ink, but they were still just as cute as could be. The way they spread
out both wings like balancing toys and bobbed about with unsteady steps
certainly didn’t make them seem dangerous.
“L-Lily? What exactly do you...”
“...Plan on doing with something so cute?”
Felmenia and Lefille were both utterly confused by her spell, but there
was no denying that these penguins had been kneaded from a curse. Suimei
couldn’t believe that Liliana had given them this form for no reason. If
she’d made penguins, surely they’d be doing something penguin-like.
Suimei knew penguins for their remarkable ability to swim with
tremendous speed, though that wouldn’t exactly be useful here in the
garden.
“Penguins... line up.”
As Liliana pulled out a small cane and held it up like a tour guide, the
penguins fell into formation standing side by side. They looked like an
adorable bunch of kindergarteners lining up in front of their teacher, but...
the penguins then menacingly turned towards Suimei and lay down on their
bellies one by one from left to right. As they took up their positions, small

curse bubbles foamed up from the ground.
“Hey, don’t tell me...”
“Behold my... penguin... missile barrage!”
“You’ve got to be kidding me!”
The cursed penguins launched themselves, charging right at Suimei.
They darted artfully through the air like normal penguins would underwater.
Setting aside the matter of how useful or practical this spell was, it went
without saying that Liliana’s new magicka was the most shocking
demonstration of the day.

Table of Contents
Cover
Color Illustrations
