margin. Seizing this opportunity, Itsuki slipped soundlessly into Hatsumi’s
range. When she did, her silent aura engulfed not just her, but Hatsumi too.
Humans are primarily visual creatures, but they also depend a great deal
on their hearing. That goes for ambient noises as much as it does for noises
we make ourselves. When unable to hear the sound of our own muscles
flexing and bones creaking, it becomes difficult to get a grasp of the way
we’re moving.
Now, the exact workings behind Itsuki’s aura of silence were a mystery.
It wasn’t clear if they were the result of a martial technique or some
magickal force, but said aura of silence was the very foundation of the
Quiet Bower. Hatsumi, however, was gradually regaining her senses in spite
of it. Or perhaps it was more precise to say that she’d begun relying on
entirely different senses altogether.
Pure will alone could cut a swordsman’s target. They sharpened their
strikes by honing that will, but it was said that true masters could sense such
elevated strikes coming before they were ever thrown. It was like a
premonition, a visible flash of a blade at the right moment just before it was
swung
With this keen sense, Hatsumi intuited the trajectories of both blades a
step ahead of Itsuki. She had a swordsman’s clairvoyance and swung her
blade at the indescribable opening that only she could perceive.
Her strike, which was much like threading a needle with a blade, clearly
caught Itsuki’s arm. It visibly sank into her skin, yet drew no blood. It
didn’t even leave a scratch. But behind Itsuki, the arm of one of the dolls
sitting in the garden broke off with a clatter. As it did, both girls’ field of
vision turned into a cacophony of buzzing black and white for just an
instant. It was like a flash of white noise from an old television set.
When it cleared, Hatsumi immediately leaped back and took her
distance from Itsuki. She knew that losing all sense of color on top of all
sense of sound would be too much of a handicap. Even though she’d been
struck, Itsuki was still primed for a fight. If anything, it felt like her fighting
spirit was kindling as her katana glimmered with a silver light.
“You can still keep going, right?” Suimei asked now that the opportunity
seemed to present itself.
In response, both girls turned to him and nodded.
“It’s awfully convenient,” said Hatsumi.

“Indeed. I didn’t think such a thing would be possible,” agreed Itsuki.
They were praising the sacrificial dolls Suimei had prepared as a means
of subrogating any damage taken in the garden—a demonstration of which
had been on full display just moments earlier. This was why the girls dared
to put their full strength into striking each other with real blades. However...
“Good. I’m glad to hear it. But I still feel like the instructor would say
this kinda thing isn’t exactly good for you.”
That was Suimei’s estimation of the situation. Because this fight was
conducted with the dolls to take damage in place of the combatants, the
combatants had far less reason to be as cautious as normal. And with that
sense of tension thrown to the wind, this hardly resembled a real fight.
“However, we can cut each other up to our heart’s content. Isn’t that
wonderful?” Itsuki countered.
“You seriously have a screw loose,” Suimei replied, shaking his head
and shrugging his shoulders.
“But of course. My madness for the blade is proof I’ve embraced my
nature as a swordswoman, after all.”
“Gross.”
Suimei looked genuinely disgusted, but Itsuki simply flashed an
elegantly demure smile. Suimei didn’t get it. He knew that Lefille wasn’t
anything like Itsuki. Her peculiarities had to be unique to this world, for
even the spirited Hatsumi seemed affected by such thoughts.
“It really is nice, being able to go at each other until we’re satisfied.”
Hatsumi was in such high spirits, in fact, that Suimei couldn’t help
wanting to tease her.
“Ooh, Hatsumi’s becoming more and more of a naughty girl...”
“What on earth are you talking about?!”
Hatsumi blew her lid in a most theatrical fashion, and Itsuki let out a
dainty giggle to see it.
“Teeheehee, the two of you sure do get along.”
“Wh-Wh-What are you saying now, Itsuki-san?!”
Hatsumi turned beet red in protest, but all the joking around didn’t last
long. The girls were quickly back to locking blades.
“Man, these girls are scary...”
That was, beyond a shadow of a doubt, Suimei’s true impression of
them.

Turning Tiny in the Modern World
“Look! It’s the same as always!”
“It really is the same.”
“Just... the usual.”
“Uh-huh. Operating to standards, I see.”
Felmenia, Liliana, and Suimei stood in the garden of the Yakagi estate
around Lefille, who was striking a rather daunting pose... ignoring the fact
that she was tiny, that is. She was no longer wearing the T-shirt with the
kanji for “invincible armada” scrawled down the front. Instead, she’d
adopted a simple tee with a teddy bear on it along with a pair of denim
shorts. Her shouting in regards to her current state was, as always, nothing
more than bravado. She was soon reduced to muttering with a rather
complex expression on her face.
“I never thought it would happen here too...”
“It’s not like you used up your power or anything this time, so I wonder
what’s going on.”
Suimei cocked his head curiously at this strange phenomenon, but there
was someone in the group who was even more confused than he appeared
to be.
“This little girl... That’s Lefille-san, right?”
It was none other than Hydemary, who’d never seen Lefille shrink
before.
“Yeah, Lefille ends up like this when she uses too much telesma.”
“What? Like she’s overconsuming the power that composes her form?”
“Probably. I’m pretty sure the way she manifests scales with her power
for the sake of consistency.”
That was the theory Suimei had come up with regarding Lefille’s
transformation while he was in the other world.
“But it’s not like Lefille-san has worn herself out or anything, right?”
Hydemary asked curiously.
“That’s right. Isn’t it?” Suimei asked in kind, turning to Lefille.
“Yeah,” she replied with a nod. “But it’s still happened nonetheless.”
Lefille was carrying herself with her usual composure now. It normally
brought her maturity and elegance to the fore, but right now, she looked like
nothing more than an overreaching child.

“So you think this happens to reconcile with the human portion of your
body, which is otherwise unaffected?” Hydemary asked.
“It’s still quite a mystery,” Lefille offered.
“It really is. Even her personality changes,” Suimei added.
He threw that last bit in rather casually, but Lefille vehemently corrected
him in a panic.
“M-My personality does not change! What are you saying?!”
“You don’t think it does? I mean, you’re always picking fights when you
turn tiny.”
“I do not pick fights! I simply try to keep people from making incorrect
statements about me!”
Lefille hopped up and down in a fit as she continued to protest. Her
speech and conduct really were being influenced by her size, but it seemed
she was oblivious to that fact. It was rather sad.
“What do you think, Menia?” Suimei asked, turning to Felmenia for
support.
“Huh? You’re dumping this on me? Uh, that’s, um...”
Felmenia averted her gaze and tried to avoid taking a stand one way or
another. This was hard for her, given her personality. As such, it was easier
for Suimei to turn to Liliana, who wasn’t afraid to say what she really
thought.
“How about you, Liliana?”
“I agree. She’s... a little different... from usual.”
“Lily!”
“You normally... wouldn’t be... panicking so much... you know?”
“Urgh...”
“She’s right. You usually come across as more of a composed older
sister.”
“I’m composed right now!”
Lefille stood akimbo and pushed her chest out proudly in an attempt to
demonstrate her composure. Was she so desperate to cling to her usual
image? This only spurred on Suimei’s mischievous spirit, and he promptly
went to retrieve a certain something from the house.
“...What’s up, Suimei-kun?” Lefille asked upon his return.
So prompted, Suimei pulled out what he’d gone inside to get.
“Looky here, Lefi. It’s crackling cotton candy.”

“Cotton candy!”
Suimei jiggled about a bag of cotton candy in front of Lefille, who
reached up with both arms and a completely enchanted look on her face. It
was like Liliana finding a cat, but worse. Lefille was practically dancing
around the bag of cotton candy like a fly captivated by a honey trap.
Everyone who saw it watched on with great wariness.
“...”
“...”
“...”
But, preoccupied with the cotton candy, Lefille didn’t realize she was
being so scrutinized until it was too late.
“Wha?! No, this isn’t what it looks like!”
“Oh yeah? Then what is it?”
“Suimei-kun! What a wicked trap! You coward!”
Suimei had no idea what exactly about this made him a coward, but it
had certainly made Lefille’s current state apparent to everyone. Especially
Hydemary, who’d never seen her like this before.
“I’d say there’s a palpable difference. Would you like me to make you a
doll?”
“You’ve got it all wrong, Lady Mary! Listen to me! Don’t look at me
with such pitying eyes!”
Liliana placed a hand on Lefille’s shoulder as she desperately pleaded
with Hydemary.
“Lefille... Give up.”
Felmenia approached as well in an attempt to console her.
“You are different from your usual self in this state, after all...”
But Lefille couldn’t take it anymore.
“I’m me! Nothing more and nothing less!”
“Well, anyways... Let’s head over next door,” Suimei suddenly
suggested.
“Hwah?!”
“Oh, I see. That makes sense,” Hydemary said, nodding in agreement.
After all, it only stood to reason that they should show the Kuchibas.
“W-Wait! Don’t be so rash! Why would we do that?!”
“Come on. They’re going to be having us over for dinner tonight
anyway. You can’t avoid them seeing you like this, you know?”

“Th-That may be the case, but...”
Lefille still didn’t want it to happen. Thinking back on it, Suimei could
recall Rumeya bursting into laughter upon seeing Lefille in this state. It
must have been utterly humiliating for her. Suimei knew the Kuchibas
weren’t going to react like that, but...
“Actually, I’m pretty sure the instructor’s gonna laugh.”
“Nooooo!”
Lefille crouched down and clutched her head. In an offer of support,
Hydemary lightly waved her magic wand about.
“Then how about we put on a magic show? And for my next trick, I’ll
pull out a tiny Lefille-san!”
“Please don’t use me for theatrics!”
“Then... let’s just get going... already.”
“W-Wait! My heart’s not ready yet! Aaaaaaaaaaah!”
And so, Lefille was dragged out of the garden kicking and screaming.
The Aftermath
After defeating the blond homunculus at the church, Suimei and the
others met up with the magicians from the Thousand Nights Association
who’d come to take care of the aftermath. One of the younger magicians,
who was still older than Suimei, bowed upon seeing him.
“Thank you for your cooperation on this mission, Lord Yakagi.”
“Think nothing of it. Good work out here. How are the captured
magicians?”
“We’ve already restrained them with magicka.”
Taking a closer look, Suimei could see for himself that the cultist
magicians—including Saix Ruger—had all been bound with the restraining
magicka that the Thousand Nights Association favored. In this state, there
was no way they’d be able to move freely.
“Then I’ll dispel the curse I cast on them. I’ll be counting on you to
handle the rest of the cleanup here.”
Suimei snapped his fingers and quickly dispelled his curse. Just like that,
the burns plaguing the cultist magicians vanished all at once. Once that was
taken care of, another Association magician approached with his hand to his
chin in an arrogant manner.

