Afterword
Long time no see, everyone. Gamei Hitsuji here.
I’m really sorry for making you all wait so very long this time around.
There’s... nothing really going on, but please forgive me.
In this volume, we have our long-awaited homecoming arc! The visitors
from the other world are shocked with delight to see the modern world, and
we get to meet a certain someone who’s only been mentioned by name
before now.
I’m sure there were scenes that made you go, “Huh? What?” I hope you
enjoyed those too.
The number of characters is steadily multiplying, but the modern cast
should be easy enough to remember by position, relationships, etc. Except
for Mary-chan! She’s important, so remember her! (Completely irrational
request.)
Now then, allow me to express my gratitude to the chief editor Y-sama,
the illustrator Yuunagi-sama, the designer cao-sama, and the proofreading
company Oraido-sama. Thank you all very much.

Bonus Short Stories
The Red-Headed Guest
Felmenia was now quite used to hearing the doorbell at the modern-day
Yakagi estate and knew exactly what it meant.
“Coming!”
She quickly headed over to the front entrance to receive the visitor and
found a young man standing just on the other side of the door. He was
casually dressed in a T-shirt and jeans, but had long, red hair and such
beautiful features that he could easily be mistaken for a woman at a glance.
What stood out the most, however, was the eyepatch that covered about a
third of his face. It was perhaps more appropriate to call it a mask. Felmenia
thought he was their only visitor at first, but upon taking a closer look, she
spotted a girl with black hair standing behind him, practically nestled within
his shadow.
The young man with the eyepatch took a look at Felmenia and raised a
puzzled eyebrow. He then articulated his confusion in perfectly fluent
Japanese.
“I dropped by because I heard Suimei had returned, but... Hmm...”
“Suimei-dono is indeed here, but...”
“What’s up, Felmenia-san?”
All of a sudden, Hydemary popped up from behind Felmenia. The
visitor seemed to recognize her.
“Hydemary? Long time no see.”
“Oh, hello, Your Highness.”
Hydemary greeted him in her usual flat tone, and he gave a friendly nod
in return.
“You know this man, Mary-dono?” Felmenia asked curiously.
“Mm,” Hydemary replied nonchalantly. “He’s a fan of Suimei-kun’s.”
“He’s... what?”
“Pardon, but I’ll have to correct you there,” the young man interjected.

“Oh yeah?” Hydemary asked, her head cutely cocked to the side.
“I’m not just any fan—I’m a huge fan.”
The young man sounded quite ridiculous, but he was nodding in a most
earnest fashion. Felmenia then opened with a polite introduction, and the
young man responded in kind.
“I’m Riselette.”
“Pardon me... but is that not a woman’s name?”
“Haha, I get that a lot. But I assure you that I’m a man.”
The young man with the eyepatch—Riselette, apparently—let out a
merry laugh. Felmenia was charmed by his sociability, and she smiled as
she opened the door for him.
“Now, we can’t have visitors standing around at the door. Do come in.”
“I don’t really mind chatting right here.”
“Nuh-uh. You’re a guest, after all, and guests need to be treated
properly.”
Just like that, Hydemary jumped in and forcibly ushered Riselette and
his female companion into the house like it was her own. When they arrived
in the living room where Lefille and Liliana were sitting, Riselette took
another look at Felmenia and burst into a hearty laugh.
“What can I say? The atmosphere here is wonderful. It’s nothing but
women.”
“I know, right? Seriously...”
Hydemary huffed and pouted in irritation, leading Riselette into more
cheerful laughter. And perhaps drawn by the sound of it, Suimei finally
came downstairs.
“Oh, Your Highness... My apologies for being so out of touch. Did you
come all the way here just to see me?”
“I got your letter from the courier and all, so I decided to swing by and
get a look at your mug. I’m glad to find you in good spirits.”
“Likewise,” Suimei replied politely before turning to the maid
accompanying Riselette. “It’s good to see you too, dame.”
“Of course, Suimei-sama. It has been quite some time.”
Suimei then returned his attention to Riselette and asked, “But how are
things at home? It isn’t over yet, right?”
“The battle lines aren’t moving much. Besides, things will work out one
way or another even without me there.”

“Is that really how it works...?”
As their little insider exchange wrapped up, Suimei realized that
Riselette was looking at him with expectant eyes, eagerly awaiting an
introduction.
“Everyone, meet His Highness. He’s the head of state of a nation that’s
kinda in the middle of a big war.”
This information brought a furrow to Lefille’s brow.
“That was an extremely casual and disturbing introduction... But a war?
I feel sorry for his opponents.”
“Oh, you can tell, Lefi? That’s amazing.”
Lefille had indeed perceived Riselette’s true nature, but she wasn’t the
only one in the middle of some insightful observation.
“So, Suimei, you got caught up in some trouble again and ended up
bringing home these ladies. Does that about sum things up?” Riselette
asked.
“A splendid... deduction. I give it... full marks.”
“I am a big fan, you know. Guessing that much was nothing.”
“...Now it just sounds like you’re making fun of me.”
“That’s just... your imagination.”
“Yup, just your imagination.”
After his jovial exchange with Liliana, Riselette did a complete one-
eighty and began speaking in a rather serious tone.
“I must say, Suimei, you spent a rather long time wrapped up in this
particular incident. Especially by your standards. Did it really give you that
much trouble?”
“Sorta kinda.”
“Don’t be afraid to speak up. I’m always willing to lend a hand if you
need it.”
“Well, I’m sure I’d be able to resolve things quicker with your
assistance, but...”
Suimei found it hard to say any more than that, but Riselette was able to
guess where this was going.
“You want to resolve it on your own... Really, I suppose there’s a lot
you’d like to settle yourself.”
“That’s about the gist of it,” Suimei replied before clapping his hands
together like he’d suddenly remembered something. “Oh yeah! Hey, Your

Highness, does the name Sir Ryzeia ring a bell?”
Riselette pensively looked up at the ceiling. He closed his eyes in
thought before slowly opening them again.
“...I believe that name appears in the ancient registers. Sir Ryzeia was
one of my nation’s knights. That was quite some time ago, though.”
“Yeah, I kinda had a feeling that was the case...”
“Has something happened?”
“A friend of mine has inherited Sir Ryzeia’s Sacrament.”
“I see... Karma runs quite deeply, doesn’t it?” Riselette muttered with
both an air of sympathy and pity.
Following that, the group continued to chat about the current state of
things for a bit longer. But before taking his leave, Riselette had a few
parting words of advice.
“Pass this along to your friend, Suimei. The voice he’s hearing is the
desire lurking deep within him. Giving in to it entirely will lead him to ruin.
In no way is everything it says the truth.”
And with those weighty words, Riselette excused himself from the
house.
“He’s really leaving so soon?” Felmenia asked.
“He’s a pretty busy guy, after all,” Suimei replied.
“The fact that he visited... despite being so busy... means he really
must... regard you highly.”
“I guess you could say we get along pretty well.”
“You mean he rubs your back, and you rub his?” Lefille piped up.
“Something like that.”
“He’s a nice guy. He even helped me look for Suimei-kun,” Hydemary
added.
“Ahaha... I guess I’ll have to take some cake over to the Kingdom after
this is all said and done.”
“But this Riselette... He’s an extraordinary figure in this world, isn’t he,
Suimei-kun?”
“What, His Highness? He just might be the strongest living being in the
entire world.”
“The strongest...”
“In the...”
“Entire world?”

“Yeah, probably.”
Or so Suimei casually declared.
Hatsumi vs. Itsuki
A fight was presently about to break out in the garden of the Yakagi
estate. A clash of swords. On one side was Hatsumi of the Phantom Sword
of the Kurikara Dharani, and on the other was Itsuki of the Quiet Bower
School.
Both swordswomen were prepared for battle, squaring off against each
other in the garden. But rather than blunt wooden training swords, they
were armed with the real deal. The dangerous light glinting off of their
metal blades was a testament to the seriousness of this fight.
Hatsumi held her sword parallel to the ground at shoulder height. Itsuki
held the tip of her blade behind her in a lower stance, as if to hide it behind
her body.
“Here I come,” Hatsumi declared.
“Have at me,” Itsuki quietly replied.
Not a second later, Hatsumi made the opening move with the Phantom
Sword of the Kurikara Dharani’s Longsword of the Absolute Blade. In
essence, it was a strike that was unrestricted by the physical length of a
swordsman’s arms and blade—a strike that only swordsmen who surpassed
a certain level of skill were said to be able to perform. It was commonly
referred to as a cloudsplitter strike because it was said to cleave anything
and everything beyond the sword’s blade.
In demonstration, Hatsumi’s slash tore through the trees behind Itsuki
and rent them asunder with ease. Such skill stemmed from an esoteric
Buddhist ritual, and the phenomenon brought about by it was said to be
based on the same thing. But Hatsumi wasn’t the only one with such
extraordinary powers. Itsuki responded in kind.
She answered with the Quiet Bower School’s Sword of Ignorance, the
Nightingale’s Crossing. Her approach was utterly soundless; both her
footsteps and the clinking of her sword faded into nothingness. The
complete absence of sound—for just a split second—tricked her opponent’s
uncertain senses into seeing something that wasn’t really there.
Perhaps so affected, Hatsumi took her next swing and missed by a wide

