“Now, Lord Yakagi, what about the homunculus?”
“Hmm? You mean little Miss Genius here? What about her?”
“Not that one! I mean the homunculus you’re carrying on your back!”
This new magician suddenly lost his cool in irritation, which seemed to
alarm his companion.
“L-Lord Grace, you can’t speak to Lord Yakagi that way...”
It seemed that the younger magician knew Suimei. Trying to place their
acquaintance, Suimei realized that he was one of the Association veterans
he’d seen carrying out requests many times before. The angry magician, on
the other hand, seemed to be a newbie.
If that were the case, he likely didn’t know all of the Enforcers yet.
Behaving so arrogantly around Suimei in spite of his reputation and
pedigree, which should have made it obvious he was to be treated with
respect, meant... Well, in short, this man was an idiot. And said idiot didn’t
heed his senior magician’s advice.
“And why is that? Are we not magicians of the glorious Thousand
Nights Association’s magicka department?”
“That’s precisely why I’m telling you that you can’t take such an attitude
with magicians from other organizations.”
“We needn’t humble ourselves before an agent—a mere magician that
we hand down jobs to!”
Rather than relenting in his arrogance, the haughty magician only
ramped it up more. You know the type; they exist everywhere. Those who
mistake authority for true strength. Suimei was tired of dealing with his ilk
and didn’t really feel like putting up with him after exhausting himself
using grand magicka. As such, he let out a terribly enervated sigh.
“Lefi, Menia.”
“What is it?”
“Yes?”
“I’m pretty beat after blowing away the big guy, so if this magician here
does anything annoying... use your full power to beat him to a pulp.”
The magicians of the Thousand Nights Association were startled by this
declaration. No one had expected Suimei to give his companions
permission to resort to violence. Felmenia, however, simply seemed
puzzled.
“Is that really alright?” she asked, her head quizzically cocked to the

side.
“I don’t care. Use your mana furnace. I’ll permit it up to lower critical
pressure. As for Lefi... you’ve still got plenty left in your tank, right?”
“I haven’t had the chance to run wild yet,” Lefille boldly declared as she
forcefully thrust her sword into the ground.
When she did, a red shockwave blew through the surrounding area.
“Th-That’s...”
The angry magician stumbled when the shockwave hit him,
reverberating in his stomach. If he was here, it meant he had at least enough
skill as a magician to be useful for cleanup work in the field. Surely he
understood the threat of telesma. But yet again, instead of backing down, he
began accumulating his mana
“I’m a magician of the Thousand N—”
“That’s enough!”
The veteran magician roared at him before he could finish his
declaration. A powerful psychic chill fell over the area, silencing the
arrogant newbie. It was clear that the young magician was the stronger of
the two of them, probably ranking somewhere around the adeptus class. But
once the veteran was done glaring at the newbie, he turned and bowed to
Suimei.
“I apologize for his behavior, Lord Yakagi. Please stow your blade.”
“It’s fine. Pardon me for my behavior as well.”
Suimei politely bowed back in return. The exchange seemed amicable,
but this was essentially the only way they could settle things while
preserving the reputations of both their respective organizations. Suimei
didn’t particularly care if the newbie got the harsh scolding he deserved
after the fact. But more importantly, it didn’t seem the discussion regarding
the homunculus was over yet.
“Now, Lord Yakagi... I must say we’re not here on a fool’s errand. We’ll
require a suitable reason for your refusal to hand him over.”
“Mary.”
When Suimei said her name, Hydemary stepped forward. Naturally, she
knew exactly why he’d called on her and immediately cut to the chase.
“We’ll be sending this boy to my father, Edgar Alzbayne.”
“For what purpose?”
“To fulfill the Society’s ideals.”

“We understand the Society’s ideals... but that’s still a little vague as an
answer.”
The veteran magician wouldn’t yield for a response like that. It seemed
he was rather serious about his duties. Such a capricious answer only
encouraged him to be more thorough. But it went without saying that
Hydemary had no intention of yielding either. The two of them glared at
each other. It was clear they wouldn’t be making any progress this way, so
Suimei cut back in.
“Can I say something?”
“What is it, Lord Yakagi?”
“It’s critical that we start by setting the situation straight. The worst
thing we can do here is get caught up in our emotions. Let’s find some
common ground and work this out so we can both accomplish our goals.”
Suimei then looked towards the veteran and asked, “First, you came here to
take care of the defeated magicians, right?”
To this, the veteran nodded.
“And my request from the Thousand Nights Association’s upper brass
was to render the magicians powerless, whether dead or alive. There were
no instructions about what to do with the survivors, including no mention of
handing them over.”
“...”
“Now, let me ask you again just to confirm. Your mission was to clean
things up here. Nobody told you that you needed to apprehend everyone,
right?”
“That’s...”
“And my request was dead or alive, see? So I should be free to take one
or two of them with me.”
“What sophistry.”
“But it’s the truth. Besides, you guys have nothing to gain from going
out of your way to crush this guy, do you? There’s no need to be so fixated
on it.”
The veteran paused for a pensive moment to give Suimei’s reasoning
some thought, and eventually...
“Understood. I shall be reporting this, however.”
“Yeah, that’s fine. It won’t be an issue.”
Everything was just as Suimei had said. His request from the Thousand

Nights Association didn’t specify what was to be done with the targets after
the fact. As such, they didn’t have any right to complain about how Suimei
intended to deal with this particular one.
Before long, the magicians from the Thousand Nights Association
carried away the other cultists who’d really been responsible for the
disturbance. And once everyone else was on their way home, Hydemary
turned to Suimei in an unusually honest manner.
“Thank you, Suimei-kun.”
“It was nothing.”
Suimei, however, was the same as always.
Charge! Battle in the Yakagi Estate Garden!
“So, that’s the plan! Let us put our magicka to practice!”
“Ooh...”
“Mm.”
Felmenia’s energetic declaration rang out through the garden of the
Yakagi estate and into the clear blue sky overhead. Liliana and Lefille were
nodding along with her. Suimei, meanwhile, had no idea what they were all
talking about and was left to observe this all in bewilderment.
“Um, Menia-san? What’s the plan?”
“Hmmmmm,” Felmenia proudly hummed. “You see, Suimei-dono, upon
coming to your world, we’ve discovered a great many things. As such, we’d
like to try applying what we’ve learned to our magicka.”
“Okay...”
“And so we’re going to have you evaluate us, Suimei-dono!”
When Felmenia unveiled her great plan, the other two girls provided the
fanfare of merry cheering and clapping.
“Well, I guess that’s fair.”
“Granted, we’ll also be using you as our target, Suimei-dono.”
“Uh, objection?”
“Wait! We have a valid reason for this! Our skills cannot hope to match
yours no matter what now that you have regained your abilities. As such,
Suimei-dono, I believe there is absolutely no need to worry about you
getting hurt.”
“Besides... it’ll be faster... for you to assess us... defending against our

magicka... directly.”
“I get where you’re coming from. Still, I mean, it’d be one thing if it
were my idea... but being told I’m going to be a target is a little off-putting?
You know? Like, it kinda makes me want to say no.”
“It’s alright. In the off chance that something happens, we’ll have Lefille
cut in and help.”
“I don’t think there’s any chance you would blunder badly enough for
that to be necessary, Suimei-kun, but you can count on me.”
Meaning you’ll be my shield? How truly reassuring, Lefille-san.
“...Well, this is basically how I’d have to evaluate you even in normal
practice, so I don’t really mind, but...”
If asked why he was being so stubborn about this, Suimei’s only answer
would be that mood was of paramount importance when asking this kind of
favor.
“We want to surprise you, Suimei-dono!”
“That’s right... We want to surprise you... right off your feet... and enjoy
seeing... your pathetic display.”
“Hey now! Your supposedly secret motives are starting to leak out!”
“Oopsies.”
Liliana slapped her hand over her mouth as if she’d just realized her
mistake—not that Suimei could possibly believe such an act. In truth, he
understood where the girls were coming from. Well, Felmenia at least.
“Now, though it may be presumptuous of me to ask, may I go first?” she
asked.
“Yeah, go ahead, Menia.”
“Very well. Mana Furnace Core! White Fire, Immediate Critical Load!”
It seemed she was intent on going full-throttle right from the start.
“Whoa, that’s your first move?”
Even as Suimei doubted what Felmenia was doing, manalight flickered
around her as her mana amplified radically. She then muttered a few words,
causing white flames to appear overhead as a magic circle took shape in
front of her.
Okay, so she’s even got her defenses up while constructing it. Looking
good...
Suimei gave a satisfactory nod as he observed Felmenia, who leaped up
right into the white flames. The moment she came into contact with them,

they flashed with a glimmering light and took on the form of a beautiful
white horse.
“Behold! This is my new power!” Felmenia boasted.
“That’s just... copying me,” Liliana muttered quietly.
“I-I wasn’t jealous of you having something to ride or anything!”
“So you were jealous.”
“Yeah, she was totally jealous.”
Felmenia blushed in embarrassment and immediately began her assault
in an attempt to hide it.
“Here I come, Suimei-dono!”
Felmenia handled the flaming white horse with considerable skill.
Suimei secretly thought the way she maintained her balance while
manipulating the reins was pretty cool.
“Not bad. It totally looks like you’re riding a horse.”
“Of course! Equestrian is a most noble hobby!”
“I see...”
It didn’t seem like Felmenia’s magickal horse could outperform a real
one, though its maneuverability was still terrific. It was a straightforward
spell, certainly, but it played to Felmenia’s strengths. Not only that, but the
way its white flames were spreading made it a doubly effective spell.
“The speed and ferocity of a burning field, huh?”
“Exactly!”
Once Suimei had gotten a full taste of the spell, he began disassembling
its components. He severed its connection with the Elements and
annihilated the source of the magicka with an opposing legend. A red light
shot past Felmenia, and her flaming horse vanished without a trace.
“Ah...”
“Mm. It’s not a bad idea. You get full marks for making use of a special
skill you possess and working out a way to increase the spell’s
effectiveness. I guess there’s still the matter of capacity, though. Can you
use that simultaneously with other magicka?”
It was often better to simplify a spell in order to reduce the burden it
placed on its caster to maintain it. If they had to concentrate on it too
intensely, it could lead to uncertainties in it or other spells. That said, it
didn’t seem like that would be too much trouble in Felmenia’s case
considering she could compensate for some control of the spell with her

