either?”
“That depends on your personal take on the matter. There are, of course,
powers that can manifest of their own will. High-ranking spirits and devils,
for example. By intervening directly with the world, they end up becoming
a part of it. And as the world matures and faith in them accumulates, they’re
exalted into the status of divinity. That’s probably Alshuna’s deal.
Fundamentally, such beings aren’t omnipotent, so whether or not you can
call them gods really depends on your definition of a god.”
“Mrgh...”
Lefille clearly had complex feelings on the subject of Alshuna’s
goddesship. But in broad terms, there were two kinds of godhood: the vast,
omnipotent kind ascribed to the likes of the Judeo-Christian God, and the
specific, role-based kind ascribed to the various gods of Eastern pantheons.
The very fact that Alshuna and the Evil God were vying for control of a
single game board proved they weren’t the omnipotent kind.
“We’ve gotten a little off track here. The long and short of it is that these
guys made up their own god, are summoning a colorless power from the
astral plane, providing it a vessel of their own accord, and doing whatever
they want with it without reporting to a supervisory authority.”
“But... A god they made up, huh?”
“That’s the scary part here. What kind of god they summon is up to
them. We don’t know exactly what’ll show up. It might even be something
powerful enough to destroy the world. The bigger the scale of the
summoning spell and the more mana used as an offering, the closer the
result will be to what they were hoping for. It’s nothing to sneeze at.”
“Suimei-dono, will it really be so easy? It would seem to me that this
sort of thing would be quite difficult from a technical perspective.”
“How exactly... is it done?”
“Step one is to find people with a lot of mana and really drill some faith
into them. Faith in the existence of the god they’re trying to summon, mind
you. By doing that, even without a massive number of zealous believers,
they’ll at least be able to summon something. It’s a ton of work and takes a
ton of effort, but you can tell these people are committed based on the
progress they’ve achieved since the enforcement request was leaked.”
“But how do they drill faith in...? Oh!”
Felmenia clapped her hands together in exclamation, and Liliana gave

voice to the answer she’d just realized.
“Drugs... right?”
“Right. By putting the people they’ve gathered into a deep trance, they
can bring them close to a state of pure faith. Then, once everything’s in
place, all that’s left is the ritual.”
Now that they’d finally covered all the technical details of the
enforcement request, Lefille had a very different question for Suimei.
“I understand the situation, but why did you refuse to tell Lady Mary
about this? You could have at least shared it with her little by little, right?”
She certainly had a point. Hydemary had misunderstood Suimei’s
silence as a lack of trust, so if he’d told her something—even a little
something—things likely wouldn’t have turned out this way. Nevertheless,
Suimei had a good reason for keeping his mouth shut.
“I handled it this way because... the target’s a homunculus.”
“I see. Just like Lady Mary...”
“You mean to say you were worried that Mary-dono would sympathize
with the target?”
“Oh, no. Not a chance. But no matter how you cut it, having to defeat
someone so similar to yourself is a little... I wanted to keep a lid on things
until I had all the intel, but that ended up biting me in the ass.”
“Just like... with Reiji.”
“No kidding. Seriously, why does it always end up like this when I’m
trying to be considerate?”
Suimei let out a long, grumbling sigh. His plan had blatantly backfired
on him, but nobody could blame him for it. There were indeed times it was
difficult to decide whether or not to talk about something—especially times
like these.
Now that he’d said his piece and the conversation seemed to wrap up,
Suimei rose from his seat.
“My personal car should be getting here soon. Let’s wait at the
entrance.”
Seeing the three girls nod, Suimei’s thoughts turned to Hydemary.
I’ll have to properly open up and have a talk with her next time...
With that, Suimei headed for the door.
★

After flying out of the hotel, Hydemary made her way to a certain
abandoned town in a certain remote forest in Germany. The clear sky turned
cloudy along the way and an ominous wind was now blowing. It didn’t
quite look like the heavens would open at any minute, but there were
definitely signs of rain to come.
“Doing a ritual out here really is in poor taste...”
There was the sour stink of mold in the air. The crumbling walls of the
remaining buildings were barely holding together, and broken glass was
scattered everywhere like caltrops. Yet despite its lack of charm, this was
nearly the perfect place for a summoning ritual.
Coming out to such a remote location meant there were few
consequences even if things got messy, and land out here was plentiful.
Moreover, abandoned locations like this had a certain mysticism to them—
slight though it was—that was empowered even further by the natural
energies of this peculiar part of the world. Location-wise, it was the obvious
choice; any magician would’ve picked here for their ritual.
Hydemary observed the ghost town from the cover of a tree. There
appeared to be people roaming around with glazed-over looks on their
faces. In all probability, they’d taken—willingly or otherwise—the strange
blue pills that the Thousand Nights Association had sent Suimei a sample
of.
The target of the enforcement request was trying to summon and
assimilate a god. In order to do that, they were likely manipulating anyone
they could find with mana, making use of their now-hazy consciousnesses
to create faith in the god to be summoned. Meaning...
“There’ve gotta be bigger fish to fry around here.”
Behind all of the glazed-over puppets were the people manipulating
them. Cults were usually built around a leader that brainwashed their
followers. But in truth, there was a limit to what a single person could do.
Whoever was planning and staging the ritual likely had a number of trusted
subordinates that were more than mere puppets.
And just as Hydemary suspected, she found a number of clear-eyed
guards patrolling the perimeter of the ghost town and supervising the
drugged members. They were all magicians, and their presence here
indicated they were at least strong enough to participate in the ritual. Facing
them all at once would be difficult, but nothing said Hydemary had to face

them at all. If she could slip past them and take out their leader, this would
all be over.
“And the big guy’s... over there.”
Her gaze fell upon a building with a steeple—exactly the place that
came to mind on the subject of gods. It was the ideal setting for trying to
call forth divinity, and of everywhere in town, it had the highest
concentration of mysticism. It was the obvious choice for the ritual.
Hydemary slipped past the patrolling guards and stealthily entered the
building. Its interior was decorated with old paintings and a crumbling
statue of a saint on a cross. There was a musty, worn out red carpet and a
series of splendorous ornamental pillars lining the sanctuary, with a small
wooden confessional off to the side. All in all, it was a typical Catholic
church.
Hydemary took a look up the altar steps where she thought the
summoning ritual would be held, but to her surprise, there was no magicka
circle.
“It’s not here...? But their defenses should have been thickest here...”
She was certain that this would be the place. It was the only logical
choice. Any magician would have picked it, but there wasn’t a single sign
any ritual preparations had been made at the altar. What was going on?
Hydemary had gotten caught up in her own preconceptions, and just as she
began to doubt them...
“Hmm. I thought it was about time for someone to come, but I never
thought it’d be a homunculus.”
“!”
Hydemary quickly leaped back as if she’d been flicked away upon
hearing a voice from on high. When she looked up at the ceiling, she
spotted someone sitting atop one of the beams: a beautiful blond boy with a
short bob. He appeared to be in his mid-teens, and his angelic looks made it
seem as though he’d stepped out of one of the church’s paintings. The
greatest irony of all, however, was the way he was dressed. In a white robe
and stole, he looked as though he were here to celebrate God, not create an
idol.
“You’re...”
“A pleasure to meet you, homunculus girl. Welcome to my church.”
The blond boy politely greeted Hydemary like a guest before she could

even ask who he was. He was unflinching, but Hydemary kept a vigilant
eye on him.
“You sound as if you’ve been waiting for me.”
“But of course. I’ve been anxious to receive you ever since I heard an
Enforcer would be coming. I’ve been ever so eager to meet you.”
“This is a trap...”
“Precisely. Though it’s a little late to be realizing that. In any event, this
is exactly what I should have expected from the Thousand Nights
Association. They identified the most suspicious place right away and threw
their protégé of a homunculus at the problem. Yes, yes, I should have
expected all this. Of course a haphazard plan would be so transparent to an
Enforcer.”
The young boy, a homunculus himself, spoke in a somewhat
disappointed tone, leaving Hydemary grinding her teeth. It was true that
she’d carelessly stepped into his trap, but he mistakenly believed she was a
sacrificial pawn.
“I’m not some puppet,” she declared, quickly scanning the room for
magickal traps. “I came here of my own will.”
“Oh? Is that so? Even though you’re a homunculus? No one ordered you
to do this?”
“That’s right.”
“How admirable of you. And what, pray tell, urged you to come here?”
“That’s none of your business.”
“Hmm. It sounds to me as though you were ordered to come here then,
homunculus girl.”
“I don’t know what you think of homunculi, but that’s not how we’re
meant to be treated. Also, could you not refer to me as ‘homunculus girl’? I
have a proper name: Hydemary Alzbayne.”
The boy’s eyebrow twitched upon hearing this.
“A homunculus with a name, hmm? Was that the whimsy of your creator
or something?”
“It’s a matter of course to name the things you create. Humans give
names to everything, don’t they?”
“...”
There, the blond boy fell silent. The only answer he offered Hydemary
was a dark stare.

“So? Where’s your master?” she tried asking instead.
“Who knows? I wonder where he is now... I have no idea.”
“Don’t play dumb with me. Your master’s probably the one who came
up with this worthless plan, right? So, where are they? Making preparations
for the summoning?”
Hydemary tried to rile the boy up, but he calmly shook his head.
“You’re quite wrong, I’m afraid. This is something I started.”
“You...? Ridiculous. That’s impossible.”
“Say what you will; it’s the truth.”
Or so the boy proclaimed, but Hydemary couldn’t believe it. It was
mind-boggling to think a homunculus was independently responsible for
this. Homunculi were treasure troves of knowledge; their wisdom would
inherently have them think better of such a precarious plan. Moreover, there
was no merit in a homunculus assimilating with divinity to obtain power.
“Why would a homunculus do something like this?”
“Whatever do you mean? It’s precisely because I am a homunculus.”
“...?”
Hydemary still wasn’t following. What about being a homunculus
prompted him to do this? What did he mean? Was he just toying with her?
“Oh my. You truly don’t get it, do you? Just by accomplishing the
summoning and assimilation of divinity—something that no one has ever
truly done to completion before—I’ll be released from the homunculi’s
dilemma.”
“The homunculi’s dilemma...?”
That concept wasn’t logged in Hydemary’s vast repository of
knowledge, leaving her with knitted brows at its mention.
“What? You’re not familiar? I’m talking about the emptiness that all
homunculi feel. We possess nothing of our own. All we have is knowledge.
We are naive things, pantomiming wisdom. And with no experience to our
names, even if we possess great knowledge... it leaves a hole in you rather
than filling you up, doesn’t it?”
“That’s...”
It came as a surprise even to herself, but Hydemary hesitated to reply.
She couldn’t. If she did, she feared that she would give voice to what she’d
been trying to keep silent all this time. A strange sensation began clawing at
her back. It seemed the boy had struck an unpleasant chord.

