feared nothing of the terrifying threat looming over him.
The shockwave and accompanying tremors were still ongoing, even
now. Power continued to pour out of the white magicka circle, the surplus
turning into lightning that assaulted the area. The pale radiance was taking
shape like kneaded clay, gradually forming into the figure of a massive god.
Everything it touched turned instantly to rubble. And as it clawed its way
further out of the circle, there was a blast of wind that blew even the rubble
away.
The next thing to emerge from the light was a head—one with a massive
eye and distorted features. It was far too profane to be revered as something
holy... But its hideous, unstable figure slowly took the form its believers
projected upon it. It was approaching its divine nature as it repeatedly
expanded and contracted, gradually taking shape as it eventually emerged in
its totality from the magicka circle.
Its majesty was such that it forced all to kneel before it. The girls were
no exception. It was as if no one could stand against the calamity before
them. Everyone understood that within it lay a fury which equaled its
majesty. The god’s true nature had yet to be determined, but it destroyed
everything it touched... Good or evil, it was calamity incarnate.
And before such calamity, only Suimei remained perfectly composed.
He stabbed his mercury katana into the ground, pulled at the lapels of his
suit to get himself comfortable, and then...
“Abreq ad Habra.”
[Hurl your thunderbolt even unto death.]
He held one arm out like a blade, and lightning took form in an instant.
From the sky above to distant cities, it felt like all the world’s electricity
was being plundered by its roots. All the energy in the region that was
electric in nature came together in a pale flash. At the same time, an
inorganic-looking bust of a woman appeared behind Suimei.
It was here that he began his true chant.
“Dico. Illa qui impediunt me, tu es illa qui indignantur me. Ergo, tu es
mea mors. Itaque, o fulgur caerulum. O locum id adducit. O illa qui
conligant praeter me. Dissipato prae mea fulgur—”
[I hereby declare. All who stand in my path, thou art those who resent
me. Thus, thou art none other than my greatest obstacle, my death. So, oh
pale lightning. Oh destination where it arrives. Oh those gathered before

me. Scatter to the winds before my lightning—]
The artlessly scattering lightning converged at Suimei’s fingertips like a
reverse ripple. A pale sphere of pure energy took shape alongside a magicka
circle that continuously compressed it. Before long, the god stretched its
arm for Suimei, who responded by reaching his sparking hand out in kind.
Magicka circles projected forward in a row towards the god as if to create a
channel stretching between them.
“Return whence you belong.”
Then, with the piercing shriek of a woman, a torrent of blue lightning
fell right through the god, tearing open clouds above to reveal the jet-black
sky.
★
And so, the god that had crawled out of the magicka circle was
destroyed by Suimei’s Abreq ad Habra and returned to the astral plane. All
that remained were the fallen believers and the pale lightning still dancing
along the ground. Such lingering effects were quite common after the
invocation of grand magicka.
Suimei pulled his mercury katana out of the ground, dismissed the
magicka that shaped it, and brushed away the residual lightning with his
right hand. As he did, words finally seemed to return to Felmenia, who was
still half dumbfounded by what she’d just witnessed.
“What terrifying power...”
“Well, that’s how it goes now that I’m back here.”
Suimei’s spell had pierced the heavens with enough force to blow away
an entire mountain. He’d used the same spell twice previously in the other
world, but never with this much destructive power. It left Felmenia dazed
for a short while as she admired the lingering lightning, when all of a
sudden something else seemed to strike her entirely.
“Now let’s go save Mary-dono!”
She immediately and hurriedly started to head for the church when the
leader of the enemy mages began to laugh. Suimei and the girls all looked
at him with puzzled expressions.
“You’re talking about the homunculus who came ahead of you, right?
Our boss has surely taken care of her by now,” he scoffed.

“Your boss, huh?” Suimei scoffed in return.
In all likelihood, their boss was the homunculus detailed in the
enforcement request. This drew Suimei’s gaze to the church.
“That thing?”
“You bet your ass.”
“‘That thing’? What are you guys talking about, Suimei-kun?” Lefille
asked.
Suimei put his hand to his jaw. There was something like a shimmering
heat haze in the direction of the church.
“It’s barrier magicka. Probably the kind that locks its target within the
spiritual world. An enclosure-type illusion barrier.”
Just as the enforcement request had warned, barrier magicka was the
target’s forte. Specifically enclosure-type illusion barriers. The enclosure
element indicated the target was stuck within, and the illusion part indicated
the target was under the effects of some kind of hallucination. Hydemary
was probably trapped by said hallucinations, roaming endlessly inside the
barrier.
There, the leader turned a dark look of animosity on Suimei.
“With the boss on our side, even you’re—”
“No match for you guys, huh? What do you take me for?”
“Ha! You’re up against a homunculus—a natural genius! A mere human
can’t hope to match his knowledge!”
He certainly had a point there. By their very nature, homunculi
possessed vast knowledge. Knowledge in itself was a great power to
magicians; its presence or lack thereof alone could determine their caliber.
However...
“And that’s how you instigated him?”
“Huh? What’re you talking about?”
“Don’t play dumb. You guys claimed you couldn’t carry the burden of
being the vessel so you could schluff it on him, right? Homunculi are smart,
so they don’t make many mistakes. But that’s exactly how you guys took
advantage of the distortion of a homunculus, isn’t it?”
“...”
There, the leader fell silent. Suimei had hit the nail on the head, and he
knew it. Felmenia, however, looked absolutely puzzled.
“Suimei-dono, what do you mean by ‘the distortion of a homunculus’?”

“Homunculi are born with great knowledge. Imagine a child with the
most comprehensive education you could imagine and then some. But, in
the end, they are still children. Because they possess nothing but knowledge
with no personal experience, it’s easy to destabilize their minds. And that’s
exactly how these guys took advantage of one for their own goals. They
probably told him that if he assimilated with a god, it would fill the void in
his heart.”
Suimei paused there for a moment before cutting to the real heart of the
matter.
“This is the picture you guys were painting. You make it seem like the
ringleader is the homunculus when you’re really the ones leading him by
the nose. All so you could take advantage of his power. You used the vanity
of a genius and his craving for the limelight against him.”
It was said that homunculi were susceptible to instabilities of the mind
because of the gap between their knowledge and experience. And since they
were created for the sake of humans, they were naturally predisposed to
listen to them. That was what made it possible to take advantage of them
thusly.
“What about it? Isn’t it normal for humans to use homunculi? He’s also
using us ’cause he wants a place to belong, right?”
“I can’t deny that. However, as magicians, you should be able to figure
it the fuck out on your own. No, I take that back. This dumb bullshit suits
idiots like you who’ve abandoned your pride as magicians .”
“Ugh...”
Suimei stood before the leader, who was now groaning in pain again as
he passed down an Enforcer’s judgment upon him.
“Former Alphard Nine, Saix Ruger. By the request of the Thousand
Nights Association, though I’ll spare you your life, you’re under arrest.”
“We’ve fallen so far...”
“If you want to revive your organization, do it the right way. You
should’ve known something that would bring the Thousand Nights
Association down on you was wrong out of the gate,” Suimei spat at the
fallen leader before turning to Felmenia. “I’ll go get Hydemary. You three
restrain these guys. Not that they’ll be moving much with those burns.”
He then set off for the church.
“That’s an enclosure-type barrier! You can’t possibly break in from the

out—”
Saix was undoubtedly about to claim it was impossible, seemingly
forgetting that Suimei had already done the impossible today.
The second Suimei touched the outside of the barrier, he suddenly
recalled something he’d once heard about Hydemary. Something the leader
of the Society once told him...
★
It happened in the same dimly-lit room.
“Mr. Suimei.”
“Yes?”
“You know, about that familiar of yours...”
“Hydemary isn’t my familiar. She’s my disciple.”
“Not so, Mr. Suimei. She’s classified as a familiar. No matter how you
gloss that over, it won’t change the fact that she isn’t human. Do you think
otherwise?”
“I mean, that’s objectively true, but...”
But even so, Suimei didn’t want to treat her as a familiar. The sour
expression on his face said as much, but Nettesheim shook his head.
“You shouldn’t treat that girl too much like a human, okay? It won’t do
either of you any good.”
“That may be, but I can’t just treat her like an object.”
Suimei objected in a clear and decisive tone, but Nettesheim chuckled
and laughed the whole thing off as a misunderstanding.
“Aah, no, certainly not. That’s not what I meant. Just being a familiar
doesn’t make her the menial servant of a magician; in fact, you shouldn’t
treat her like an object. Nevertheless, if you don’t respect the differences
between the two of you, it will create an impassable divide between you.”
“Is that so?”
Suimei was relieved to hear what Nettesheim had really meant and shot
him a dirty look as admonishment for not being more careful with his
choice of words to begin with, but Nettesheim again laughed it all off.
“Heh, maybe I was being a bit too mean. That said, that’s not exactly
what I wanted to tell you today. About that girl...”
“You mean Mary?”

“Yup, her. Do you know that homunculi have strong ties to the Akashic
Records?”
“Yes. I’ve heard that they’re granted knowledge from the Akashic
Records upon creation via a special quality of the Lapis Philosophorum that
gives them life.”
“Precisely. The Akashic Records are the source of a homunculus’s
knowledge. It’s what gives them their very shape and the reason they’re
called geniuses. There’s a deficiency in this, however,” Nettesheim said
with a pause before concluding. “The Akashic Records do not go as far as
granting homunculi human nature.”
“Really? The Akashic Records are the annals of all history—present,
past, and future. Shouldn’t the subtleties of human emotion be recorded in
there as well?”
“As objective knowledge, yes. But no matter how you approach it,
learning something and actually experiencing it are very different things.
That’s true even for humans. We develop and grow based on the
experiences we accumulate beginning the day we become aware of the
world.”
“And you’re saying homunculi are the same?”
“Mr. Suimei, no matter the being, growth requires the accumulation of
experience. People go through things, foster ways of dealing with them, and
use that to develop and mold their ego. The knowledge granted from the
Akashic Records is sterile in that sense. That girl may learn of all the
experience in the world from them, but that experience will never be hers.”
That much made sense. In short, learning from the Akashic Records was
no different than learning from any other book. Just reading something
wasn’t the same as actually experiencing it.
“That girl is a genius. She’s naturally gifted. Quite literally. Her gift
comes from nature. Nothing she has is anything she’s acquired through her
own efforts, and yet she carries herself with the utmost confidence. Do you
see the dissonance there?”
“...”
Nettesheim certainly had a point. People gained confidence from
experiences with success, so it was indeed strange that Hydemary behaved
so confidently when she had none to speak of. And even though her vast
knowledge should have made her keenly aware that such conceit was

