Suimei was currently walking toward them, and the magickal fortress
moved right along with him. It was uncanny. Unheard of, even.
But now that the barrier was up and complete, shining in all its brilliant
glory, the only ones capable of piercing it were probably limited to
renowned magicians and the Greed of Ten.
“The key to winning magicka battles is to either break your opponent’s
trump card, or to put yourself in an advantageous position. The latter
requires you to construct a proper encampment from start to finish. Just like
this.”
There, Suimei spread out his arms as if beckoning his enemies to behold
his magicka. Witnessing such a grand spell weakened their resolve
immensely.
“Shit. Such pompous showboating even—”
But Suimei didn’t even give their leader time to complain.
“O flammae, legito. Pro venifici doloris clamore. Parito colluctatione et
aestuato. Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox.”
[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment. Give
form to death’s agony and burst into flames. Bestow the one who obstructs
me with a dreadful destiny.]
“?!”
The instant he began invoking his magicka, Suimei’s mana roared as the
elements in the air were sucked towards him. There was a brief moment
where the wind pressure born from the explosive heat it generated broke the
balance of the atmosphere. A magicka circle with the crest of Mars took
shape, and a whirlpool of flames expanded in an almost artless manner.
Sparks scattered every which way, making the scene all the more brilliant.
The flames swirling in the air looked like they were eagerly awaiting to
be invoked. And upon closer inspection, Suimei held a bright red,
incandescent gem floating just above his palm.
“Itaque conluceto. O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus.”
[So shine. Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem.]
“W-Wait—”
The leader’s scream, verging on begging for his life, was drowned out
by the explosion that followed immediately after Suimei crushed the gem in
his hand. All sound ceased for the leader as if his eardrums had burst. All he
could hear now was a buzzing like the distant hum of some machine. The

blaze and its detonation were incomparable to the fire spells his comrades
used earlier, and they plowed the landscape in all directions with a
shockwave that bent even the trees back under its great force.
There weren’t many present who could put up a defensive wall to
protect themselves on the spot.
“Urgh...”
Even those who’d managed to do so were unable to fully protect
themselves in the wake of Suimei’s flames. The leader screamed in anguish
from the pain of burns all over his body.
As the flames eventually died down, the entire town was filled with
similar cries. The enemy magicians who’d been unable to defend
themselves lay writhing here and there as a horrible burning stench settled
in the air. The ground itself had melted in the heat of the blast, the red glow
of which still lingered in Suimei’s eyes.
The leader attempted to restore his hearing by applying healing magicka
to his eardrums. Meanwhile, backup troops arrived from the rear line and
began assisting their fallen comrades.
“Hey! You okay?!”
“Gah... The burns... My body...”
One of the backup troops propped the leader up in their arms and began
casting a recovery spell on him. And all the while, the Enforcer who’d
authored this disastrous scene was unexpectedly just standing there and
watching. If the leader and his troops were healed, they could return to the
battle. Not only that, but they would be stronger now with the
reinforcements from the rear. So what was Suimei thinking?
Really, he was observing the situation as though he were the one who
found it rather unexpected.
“Hmm? So you’ve got enough guts to try and help your friends, huh?
Sorry, but that was a poor choice right now.”
“Wha— GAH!”
The magician who’d come to help the leader suddenly screamed before
tumbling to the ground in apparent agony.
“Wh-What?”
“Hey! What’s— AAAAAGH!”
And after the one magician sank into inexplicable suffering, the others
who’d come to help fell under the same spell. It was as if the pain of the

burns had been passed to them. Meanwhile, Suimei simply continued to
watch things unfold with an exasperated sigh.
“You should really study The Golden Bough. Isn’t it the foundation of
magicka?”
“The Golden Bough...? I see... This is... contagion magicka...”
The law of contagion could indeed be called the foundation of magicka.
If one touched a cursed item, the curse would infect them. That was an
elementary law of magicka, and precisely how the reinforcements had
become so afflicted. Just by touching their cursed friends, their fates were
sealed.
The modern world had the Hague and Geneva Conventions to restrict
the use of certain types of weaponry. In the same vein, magicians also had
rules prohibiting certain types of magicka. But spells weren’t forbidden for
their destructive power. Rather, they were blacklisted when their effects
were deemed to be too cruel and brutal. Any magician caught using such
spells was subject to severe punishment.
But one perk of being an Enforcer was freedom from such censure. They
were allowed to use prohibited spells in the name of passing judgment on
magicians who dared to disturb the order of the world. They fought fire
with fire, so to speak.
Free use of strong suggestion spells that verged on mind control.
Permission to use time manipulation to create eternal seals. Authority to
invoke any and all grand magicka. Allowance to spread deadly poisons over
limited areas. And of course, the ability to cause...
“A-A curse outbreak with contagion magicka...”
Upon contact, the mystical force transmitted from one subject to
another, manifesting the original magicka within the new target. It was a
virus-type curse. Should it be loosed in a populated area, it could shut down
an entire city in the blink of an eye. Anyone who came to help would
become secondary casualties, just like the reinforcements had here. And
with the cause remaining unclear, a third, fourth, and fifth wave of
casualties would quickly follow. It could easily reach pandemic levels,
threatening the entire world.
And that was precisely why contagion magicka had been blacklisted by
the Thousand Nights Association. Even the girls who stood at Suimei’s side
recognized the threat it posed. Frankly, they were downright terrified of it.

Seeing so many people fall to the ground in the throes of sheer agony... It
was just too brutal a sight. It rendered them speechless.
“I don’t really like using stuff like this, but I can’t say it bothers me to
use it on bad guys.”
Or so Suimei boasted, but this was still on the gentler side of things.
Enforcement targets were to be brought to justice dead or alive. The lighter
the crime, the more likely a target was to simply be captured. But the most
heinous criminals were dealt with accordingly. Enforcers took their self-
defense seriously and didn’t hesitate to consign their targets to oblivion.
And the cries that filled the town—the abject suffering they were in—
was proof these targets were still alive. Suimei, in a way, was being
compassionate. But considering the skill it had taken to render so many
magicians powerless through the use of an infectious curse without killing
anyone... Their leader couldn’t help shuddering before Suimei’s power.
On the other hand, the girl with the platinum hair timidly turned a
question to Suimei.
“S-Suimei-dono... Is this magicka similar to my Rainyblaze Clouds?”
“It’s different, you know? Your flames physically leap while this is a
contagion. Oh, but you can’t use that spell over here. Anyone who does that
without permission here gets arrested.” Or so he said, but he shrugged as
though it weren’t a big deal. “Anyway, as you can see, this is the result. It’s
pretty much perfect performance for a spell, right?”
A gulp could be heard. Even Suimei’s allies shuddered at his abilities.
All three girls beheld him with abject shock.
The redheaded girl in particular spoke up with an astonished sigh.
“Using multiple large-scale spells at once is one thing, but this is
something else entirely. You did say that you’d be back to your normal self
upon returning here, but I never expected this.”
“All I said was that the destructive power of my spells would be back to
normal. I never said I didn’t know any stronger spells, did I?”
“Suimei-kun... You really should cut that out already.”
“Haha, my bad.”
Under the redheaded girl’s reproachful gaze, Suimei let out a nervous
giggle. When all of a sudden... everything began shaking.
“Hrm?”
“This is...”

It was like an earthquake, but wasn’t. It was the manifestation of a
manafield vibration—the precursor to the outbreak of tremendous mystical
phenomena. It was like the air was screaming as space itself was being torn
apart. Debris rose into the air, and the rubble that fell back to the ground
exploded into electrical currents.
Immediately after the shaking started, a light shot out of the center of
town. Suimei’s Bless Blade had brought forth an illusory night, which was
now pierced by the rising light that rivaled the brilliance of his golden
fortress.
The leader turned to his troops to confirm what was going on in a fluster.
“Th-The ritual?!”
“We’re saved! It’ll be done soon!”
“Pfft! Bwahahaha! You fools! This is what you get for just standing
there! Victory is ours!”
The ritual was at last on the verge of completion. Learning this, the
leader burst into laughter as if he’d forgotten the pain of his burns. With the
incarnation of an incredible power—a divine power—victory was surely at
hand. Or so he thought.
The ruined buildings crumbled as white lines ran across the ground,
tracing a massive magicka circle that expanded and grew even larger.
“S-Suimei-dono, this is...”
Seeing this unfold, the girl with the platinum hair turned pale and
trembled. She appeared to be perplexed as to exactly why this inspired such
fear in her, but it was only natural. Any magician would tremble at the
indescribable chill of what was to come. Even the violet-haired girl was
shaking.
The only two who stood unaffected were Enforcer Yakagi Suimei and
the telesma-wielding redhead. Even the enemy magicians were unable to
hide their agitation at the immense power that accompanied the summoning
of divinity. Their leader was no exception.
It wasn’t long before the summoned god began crawling out of the still-
unstable magicka circle and clawing at its edges. Its form had yet to
stabilize. Only its murky-looking arm reached out of the blinding
luminescence into this world... almost as if it were climbing up out of hell.
“Suimei-kun, it’s happening!”
“This is... bad.”

The redhead and the girl with the violet hair began to concentrate their
strength, but Suimei held out his hand to stop them.
“S-Suimei-kun?! Why are you stopping us?!”
“The fundamentals of summoning. If you forcefully intervene now in a
grand ritual like this, it will trigger a rebound that’ll be a disaster. It’s safer
to let the summoning complete and send the god back while it’s still in an
unstable and dazed state.”
There, the girl with the platinum hair seemed to recall something.
“Oh... This is like what happened back at the royal castle.”
“Exactly. The regulating barrier has already been dispelled. They’ll no
longer be able to assimilate with the god, so we haven’t lost just yet.”
“Then...”
“We wait for its existence to coalesce and blow it away in a single shot.”
Or so Suimei said, but the enemy leader didn’t seem to think it would be
that easy.
“Even if you’re an Enforcer, you couldn’t possibly have the power to
repel divinity just like that!”
“You don’t think so? Unfortunately for you, this isn’t my first rodeo.”
The arrogance in Suimei’s voice was like oil on the fire of the leader’s
indignance.
“You’re bluffing! There’s no way you can do that!”
“Yeah! We’re talking about a god here!”
“One magician can’t do anything about it!”
Just like that, his comrades rallied to claim it was impossible. They too
were certain of their victory. But at this point... it didn’t sound like anything
more than denial. Almost like they were pleading for Suimei to back down.
And that was the real question: if their victory was so certainly at hand,
why were they so anxious?
As the leader regained his composure, the answer dawned on him in the
form of a chill down his spine. A bad premonition. There must have been a
reason Yakagi Suimei of all people had been sent. And that reason... Suimei
had said it himself. This wasn’t his first rodeo. Indeed, it wasn’t his first
time repelling divinity from this world.
“Holy lightning...”
The mutter that unwittingly escaped the leader’s lips coaxed a smug grin
from Suimei. He looked as though he thought nothing— No, as though he

