source of Lefille’s unease.
“How is the tea I brewed for you, by the way?” Hydemary asked.
“Oh, it’s wonderful. It’s something rather exquisite, isn’t it?” Lefille
asked in turn.
“Of course it is. I am a genius, and I personally picked out the tea
myself,” Hydemary replied.
Hydemary was currently standing at the island in the kitchen, preparing
tea for Felmenia. Suimei was also in the kitchen, headed for the dripper at
the end of the table.
“Coffee for you, Suimei-kun? Want me to make it?”
“I’ll brew it myself. I’m the barista in this house, after all.”
Suimei had long been in charge of coffee in the Yakagi mansion. It was
an everyday ritual for him to brew some for his father whenever he came
home from school.
Kazamitsu would always say something like that it was a father’s
privilege to have his son make coffee for him, and he had Suimei do it at
least once a day. Just how long had it taken for Suimei to be able to brew
something to his father’s satisfaction? Given the right beans, he could now
make coffee on par with any cafe.
Back in the day, Suimei always took his coffee with milk and sugar. But
he stopped doing that the day he became a full-fledged magician. It was a
sort of farewell to his younger self who could’ve vomited at the bitterness.
It was, in a strange way, a curse.
Suimei placed a filter in the dripper with some ground beans that had
been preserved with magicka. He then heated some water to just between
80 and 90 degrees Celsius before slowly pouring it around the edge of the
dripper. It was a technique to enhance the taste of the coffee—something he
made sure to do ever since he’d screwed it up the first time and hated the
coffee it produced.
Suimei’s eyes gradually grew clearer upon smelling his first cup of
coffee in over half a year. The aroma wafted into the living room as well,
where Felmenia took notice of it.
“That’s a wonderful smell,” she commented.
“Right? Nothing beats coffee first thing in the morning.” Suimei replied.
“Coffee...?”
“It’s like tea made from ground beans.”

“So it’s a relative of tea? It’s... awfully dark, isn’t it?”
“It sure is.”
Coffee was called “bean tea” in Japan long ago, so saying they were
related was a concise enough explanation. If Suimei really started getting
into the nitty-gritty of coffee, they’d be here all day. Felmenia and Lefille,
however, both watched what Suimei was doing with great interest.
“What Suimei-kun’s making there is rather bitter and acidic, so you
probably shouldn’t try it that way. If you really want to try some, you’ll
need to start with different beans and add plenty of milk and sugar,”
Hydemary explained.
“Isn’t that just your personal preference?” Suimei interjected.
“And aren’t you just overreaching? Only old men drink that stuff.”
“I guess that makes me an old man.”
“Wow, talk about a midlife crisis.”
“Don’t call it a midlife crisis. Seriously.”
The two of them continued to badger each other a while longer, but
when Hydemary started to calm down...
“Mary, I’ve got another request for you,” said Suimei.
“What is it this time?”
“Sorry to ask after the pajamas last night, but could you get some
innocuous clothes for the three of them?”
“Aah, right. We need to take care of that.”
Lefille raised an eyebrow upon hearing this.
“Can I not walk around outside in these clothes?” she asked.
“It’s not that you can’t,” Suimei replied.
“You mean to say we’ll stand out, right?” Felmenia chimed in.
“Yeah, exactly.” Suimei replied. “Liliana... could manage. But as for you
two, your clothes pretty much scream ‘otherworldly.’ I think something
simple like jeans or a dress will do fine. If you want to put some real effort
into being fashionable, though, we can set aside a day for shopping.”
Liliana’s typical dress could pass for gothic lolita fashion, which wasn’t
unfamiliar in Japan. But Lefille’s outfit was borderline, and Felmenia’s was
in outright cosplay territory. If they wanted to go out, they’d need street
clothes.
“I can take care of that,” agreed Hydemary. “They certainly do stand out
as is.”

“...So do you.”
“I’m properly glamoured, so it’s fine.”
It wasn’t like Hydemary never changed clothes, but she rather liked her
magician’s outfit. She even wore it outside all the time, so she was
constantly using glamour magic to change her appearance. She would
hardly wear anything else.
But now that everyone had come to an agreement about clothes, it was
time for the day’s main event.
“Lefi, let’s head next door when we’re done here.”
“Oh...? Oh!”
Suimei mimicked swinging a sword in the air, causing Lefille to exclaim
in an excited voice. She’d stayed up all night just like Felmenia, but it
seemed she was full of energy now. There was a fire blazing in her eyes that
left no trace of her earlier disappointment over not being able to see the
stars.
★
Suimei had a great deal he hoped to accomplish now that he was back in
modern Japan, and taking Lefille to the Kuchiba residence was an absolute
must on that list. She was currently burdened with multiple worries,
including the fact that her archenemy manipulated her greatest weakness
and that she recently felt like she was losing touch with her sword. Suimei
thought he knew someone who could help her with all of that, which was
precisely why he wanted to introduce her to Kiyoshiro.
Kuchiba Kiyoshiro possessed completely inhuman skill, though he
himself still vaguely remained in the realm of humanity. He stood at the
loftiest summit of swordsmanship. Surely he would be able to identify the
core of Lefille’s problems and suggest what she had to do to resolve them.
That’s why Suimei was once more making the trip to the Japanese-style
house next door. Lefille was walking next to him, trembling ever so slightly.
It seemed she was quite excited to meet the father and teacher of Hatsumi, a
swordswoman whose skills Lefille had seen firsthand. She couldn’t help
being a little worked up.
Lefille was currently wearing the clothes that Hydemary had procured
for her. Aside from her otherworldly beauty, she now looked like a rather

normal girl. She was dressed in a somewhat boyish ensemble of a T-shirt
and jeans, though Suimei had recommended she wear something easier to
move in for their trip to the dojo.


“This is plenty easy to move around in,” she remarked. “The clothing of
this world truly is splendid.”
Suimei was glad to hear it. Thinking back on it, Felmenia was also
pleased with the quality of the dress Hydemary had gotten for her.
“You called it synthetic fibers, right? Does none of the clothing in this
world prickle?” Lefille asked.
“None of it that refrains from using inferior materials like they do back
in your world, at least,” Suimei replied.
“Now that’s something else... I have to say, now that I know such a thing
exists, I don’t think I can go back to the old stuff anymore. Heehee.”
“I don’t blame you.”
The two of them continued to joke around as they walked, eventually
reaching the gate to the Kuchiba residence. Lefille looked up at it and,
having thought something or other, looked back towards the Yakagi
mansion.
“This has a fairly different look to it from your house, doesn’t it?”
“Mine was influenced by the architecture of the houses magicians use
overseas. That’s why it’s a bit different. Houses in general here tend to look
more like the ones you can see in the area. Hatsumi’s house is of a more
traditional style for this country.”
“It has quite a calming atmosphere to it.”
“Yeah, Japanese houses are great.”
Suimei nodded emphatically. Despite being born and raised in a
Western-style estate himself, his soul was perfectly at peace in a Japanese-
style room. He couldn’t chalk it up to anything but his DNA.
With such thoughts passing through his mind, he boldly opened the front
door of the Kuchiba residence and entered unannounced. Lefille was rather
taken aback at the seemingly rude gesture and stared at Suimei in disbelief.
“Is it okay to just walk in like that?”
“Well, this place is kinda like a second home to me... Hang on. Yukio-
saaan! Are you theeere? You are, riiight?”
Suimei called out in a slow and silly voice, and before long, Hatsumi’s
mother appeared at the entrance. She was dressed in her typical traditional
Japanese clothing, and the sound of her house slippers pattering across the
floor heralded her arrival.
“Welcome, Suimei-san. This must be the friend you spoke of yesterday,

I presume?”
“My name is Lefille Grakis.”
“A pleasure to meet you. I’m Hatsumi’s mother, Yukio.”
Lefille bowed to greet Yukio, but looked back up blinking in
astonishment. Really, she was surprised to hear Yukio introduce herself as
Hatsumi’s mother. Yukio, just like Kiyoshiro, looked far too young to be the
parent of a high schooler.
“You’ve very beautiful,” Lefille remarked, straightening herself out.
“Oh my, how flattering. You’ll make girls cry if you continue to act so
gallant all the time, you know?” Yukio giggled.
“Well, I’m not as bad as Suimei-kun in that regard.”
“Teehee, you certainly have a point there.”
“I feel like I’ve been the butt of way more than my fair share of jokes
the past two days...”
Both women got a good giggle at Suimei’s expense, and he took the
opportunity to cut to the chase about his visit.
“Yukio-san, where’s the instructor right now?”
“In the dojo for practice.”
“Aah, so they’re at it today, huh?”
Suimei’s tone betrayed how troublesome he found this development. If
he went to the dojo now, then he would end up bumping into the other
students... whom he really didn’t get along with. It was entirely likely some
of them would complain if he suddenly showed up with an outsider.
But, seeing no point in brooding over the possibility, he pushed the
thought out of his mind. All else aside, he was determined to introduce
Lefille to Kiyoshiro.
“Please come right this way,” Yukio beckoned.
Lefille and Suimei took off their shoes and followed Yukio into the
house. Stepping out onto the porch, they were met with a beautiful,
scrupulously maintained garden. It had an elegance to it that couldn’t be
found in the other world, and Lefille sighed in admiration as she looked
over it.
“I bet Lady Rumeya would love to enjoy a drink here while looking up
at the moon.”
“Aah, yeah, I can totally see the guild master doing that.”
Suimei and Lefille continued to chat as Yukio guided them to the dojo.

Once there, she opened the sliding door for them, revealing Kiyoshiro’s
students all sitting neatly in a row—including Hatsumi.
It seemed they were about to receive some manner of instruction, or
perhaps they were meditating. When Suimei entered, however, a small
commotion ran through the dojo. That was only to be expected, as Suimei’s
appearance was likely quite a surprise for most of them.
What was someone who never showed up for practice doing at the dojo
now? That was inevitably the question on everyone’s mind; their cold looks
Suimei’s way said it all. You see, the other students interpreted Suimei’s
lack of attendance at the dojo as a lack of sincerity. In truth he had a good
reason for his waywardness, but he naturally couldn’t tell the other students
about it.
Ignoring the other students for now, Suimei went to pray at the shrine
and Lefille followed suit.
“Suimei-kun, it doesn’t appear that we’re very welcome here...”
“That’s my fault. Sorry. You’ll just have to put up with the awkward
atmosphere.”
As the two of them whispered to each other and finished their prayers,
Suimei suddenly realized something.
“Oh, hey, Haseto. You’re back?”
“I am. It’s been a while, Suimei-san.”
A handsome boy who looked much like Kiyoshiro bowed and greeted
Suimei. He had long hair with slicked-back bangs, and wore a typical dojo
gi with a wooden sword slung at his side. This was Hatsumi’s little brother,
Kuchiba Haseto.
“You already heard the story, right?”
“Yeah, you really went and did something pretty outrageous, Suimei-
san.”
“Hey, what’s with that? You’re making it sound like it was my fault.”
“Hahaha, I’m just kidding.”
Suimei shot a reproachful gaze at Haseto, who began laughing
cheerfully. Right now, he both looked and sounded just like his father.
Suimei had been friends with Haseto ever since they were children, the
same as Hatsumi. And since they’d grown up together, Haseto held a fair bit
of respect for Suimei.
As Suimei was having a chat with his younger cousin for the first time

