Chapter 4: The Way of a Genius
Hydemary Alzbayne was a homunculus. Unlike a regular human, she
was created artificially by human hands. She was not born from the womb
of a mother, but rather a large glass tube. She was nourished not by her
mother’s milk, but by the wisdom of her Lapis Philosophorum.
Her creator was an alchemist renowned in the world of magicka: the
automaton maker Edgar Alzbayne. He was also known as the Doll Master,
and it’s said that the multitude of automata he’d created had played an
active role at every turning point in history.
Hydemary was the Doll Master’s self-proclaimed magnum opus. Like
any normal homunculus, she lacked emotion, moved by her own will, and
possessed an exceptional talent for magicka. But what truly set her apart
was her ability to pull knowledge from the almighty catalyst known as the
Lapis Philosophorum.
Hydemary was truly a genius among geniuses; there was no denying it.
And precisely because of that, anything should have been possible for her.
She was naturally unfettered by the worries and frustrations of most normal
people, yet her heart had recently been shaken with great vexation. The
cause for this? It was none other than the young man who had become her
mentor, Yakagi Suimei.
Even though he always told her about incoming enforcement requests
right away, he’d been unusually cagey this time and refused to share
anything with her. It was as if he was saying that he didn’t trust her. One
thing then led to another, and before Hydemary knew it, she was sneaking
into his hotel room to steal a glance at the coveted enforcement request.
And now she was atop a giant rabbit she’d pulled out of her toy box—
one that was practically identical to a real rabbit—riding off to the target
location to fulfill the job.
“Just casually leaving something so outrageous at large... What on earth
was Suimei-kun thinking?” she muttered, doubtful and irritated.
Why would Suimei, of all people, neglect something so serious? We

were talking about the summoning and assimilation of a god, after all.
Hydemary had once been involved in a divine incident with Suimei.
Many magicians regarded the summoning of divinity as calamitous, and as
such, attempts at such rituals were practically unheard of. It was
unthinkable to simply stand back and let it happen. Yet even after seeing the
request, Suimei had done nothing. He’d simply said it wasn’t an emergency
and gone about taking care of the girls he’d brought back from another
world.
Hydemary certainly wasn’t of a mind that the girls were unimportant.
But in the grand scheme of things, the enforcement request took priority. In
spite of that, Suimei hadn’t lifted a finger. Hydemary had a building
mountain of criticism for him.
“Suimei-kun, you dummy. You big, mean, stupid dummy...”
Suimei’s magicka lessons with Hydemary had come to a grinding halt
with his disappearance six months ago. That was bad enough, but he’d
suddenly returned out of the blue with a gaggle of girls. And because he
was spending all of his time with them, he continued to ignore Hydemary’s
lessons and even his own research. This further fanned the flames of her
irritation.
“What does Suimei-kun think I am...?”
Hydemary knew good and well the girls all had their circumstances, so
she couldn’t be openly frustrated with them. But she was unhappy
nevertheless. She was Suimei’s disciple. His first disciple. How could he
just ignore her? She should be getting most of his attention, yet he’d barely
been paying her any mind. And when he did come to her, all he did was
either ask her for something or treat her like a child.
“If this keeps up, he’ll always think of me as a child... But if I settle this,
even Suimei-kun will have no choice but to recognize me. I’m not a
child...”
Little did Hydemary realize that her behavior, in a way, was indeed
incredibly childish. This was essentially an inferiority complex born of her
latent potential as a homunculus.
Homunculi were artificial beings created to prove that they could
function every bit as properly as “the real thing,” so to speak. Born of the
perfected catalyst that could create even life—the Lapis Philosophorum—
they were said to be well-versed in all the wisdom of the world and to

provide their creators with sage advice. They were highly sought-after in
that regard.
They sat proudly at the top of the hierarchy of intelligent beings. They
could not be further from inferiority in those terms. However, the source of
a homunculus’s wisdom was far different from the fruit born of actual
experience.
Though homunculi possessed superior intellect, they were pure and
innocently naive to the world. Other intellectuals envied their position.
Their purity made them precious, and their innocence made them
irreplaceable.
However, no matter how one dressed it up, homunculi were still
fabricated geniuses. And it was impossible to truly appreciate wisdom that
had not been gained through one’s own experience.
This, you see, is what leads to an inferiority complex.
★
Once it was established that Hydemary was really gone, Suimei gathered
the girls in his room after quickly getting dressed and ordering some
breakfast via room service. Everyone sat as they pleased—on top of the
bed, arms crossed over the back of a chair, on the sofa, and such—so that
they were all facing each other.
Despite what it looked like, this wasn’t a meeting to gripe about how
there was only meat for breakfast. Indeed, the matter at hand was far more
serious than that. Suimei was finally ready to discuss the enforcement
request he’d been so reluctant to share thus far. After meeting with Wiegel,
he at last had all the information he needed and was preparing to tell the
girls about it anyway. But, thanks to Hydemary’s disappearance, he no
longer had a choice about speaking up.
“The summoning and assimilation of a god, was it?” Felmenia asked,
repeating the words she’d heard from Suimei earlier.
“Yeah. There’s not much to explain, though... It’s exactly what it sounds
like. The goal is to bring divinity into this world and unify with it. Really,
it’s an extension of a ritual that’s pretty common in this world.”
Seeking to unify with a god and integrate with the cosmos... It wasn’t
truly all that different from the goals of Neo-Puritanism. But the sheer fact

that a summoning was taking place made this particular case far more direct
and far more dangerous. There was no room for error or doubt.
Suimei gave a rundown of what was happening, but it didn’t really seem
to stick with his otherworldly visitors. Understandably so, of course.
Mysticism in their world differed greatly from mysticism in the modern
world. Here, magicka was a secondary benefit acquired in the pursuit of
greater knowledge. But for the girls, learning magic had always been an end
unto itself. The idea of assimilating a god was completely novel and foreign
to them. What good was that? What did it do? Was that like eating a god? If
so, was that even possible and would it taste good? They were simply that
confused.
“Hmm, to put it in terms of your world... I got it. This is like trying to
summon the Goddess Alshuna and become one with her.”
When put into perspective, the gravity of the matter naturally set in.
Panic was suddenly writ large across the faces of Suimei’s otherworldly
visitors.
“I-I-I-I-I-I-I-Is that not absolutely preposterous?!”
“Meaning... that your request... is to... stop that?”
Suimei nodded at Liliana, leaving Lefille with dubiously furrowed
brows.
“Then why haven’t you done anything about it, Suimei-kun? This is
clearly far more important than tending to us. I can understand Lady Mary’s
impertinence.”
Lefille now sympathized with the impatient Hydemary, but Suimei
shook his head.
“Well, it’s really not an emergency or anything.”
“How so?”
“It doesn’t seem the Thousand Nights Association cares much about
how this goes down.”
“What? Even though it’s so serious?”
“First things first: Why is the ritual to unite with a god fundamentally
something that must be stopped?”
“Now that you mention it... I suppose if the summoner isn’t doing
anything particularly bad, then there’s no reason to stop them.”
“Right? If they don’t have any ill intent, then the ritual is essentially a
grand experiment. They’re not all that uncommon in this world. It’s a good

way to collect data on the success rate and other things, so it’s not
something that absolutely needs to be put a stop to.” Suimei paused for a
breath there before continuing, “In short, the Thousand Nights Association’s
mission is no different from any individual magician—the pursuit of
knowledge. They would choose the fruits of magicka over world peace
should they be weighed on a scale against each other.”
“But they still supervise magicians, no?”
“They basically just act like police on paper for their own benefit. In
truth, they’re a shady lot who’s willing to look the other way as long as
things aren’t made public.”
“But they specifically sent you a request to stop this incident, right?
Doesn’t that mean this Thousand Nights Association organization has
apprehensions about it?”
“That’s true, but... Well, as proof that they really don’t care what
happens, they’ve been monitoring the target quite closely this time. Look.”
There, Suimei handed Lefille several documents.
“This is...?”
“It’s a written report.”
“And these are... foto-giraffes, you called them?”
“Photographs, yes. This is all the information that’s been delivered to me
so far, starting pretty much as soon as I returned to this world.”
Suimei then reviewed the rest of the documents with the girls, after
which Liliana raised her hand.
“Suimei...”
“What is it?”
“It’s... strange. How is it... that you were kept updated... so frequently
and conveniently?”
“That’s simple. The Thousand Nights Association leaked the fact that
they sent out an enforcement request.”
“Huh? Why would they...?” a befuddled Felmenia interjected.
“To urge the target to hurry up with the ritual,” Suimei explained in brief
before going into more detail. “Essentially, the Thousand Nights
Association is trying to settle this case while I’m handling my own
business. By leaking intel and speeding up the ritual, they’re trying to force
my hand. They’ve orchestrated this to be an absolute pain in the ass for
me.”

“That’s... quite precarious, no?”
“Isn’t it? But if I don’t show up at the site at all, it doesn’t matter if the
ritual succeeds or fails. If it all goes to shit one way or another, they’ll be
expecting me to clean up the mess anyway.”
The Thousand Nights Association placed a significant amount of trust in
Suimei’s abilities. His reputation preceded him, and this was certainly
child’s play compared to subjugating a red dragon.
“Why you, Suimei-dono? There are other magicians, no?”
“I’m their only pawn that could decisively take care of this. I’m the so-
called specialist.”
“But... a pawn?”
“That doesn’t sound very nice.”
“Yeah, well, they have a reputation. Everyone knows what kind of
authority they have, and everyone knows they can really throw it around.
It’s convenient, in a way.”
With that much cleared up, Felmenia raised her hand with a question
about a different detail.
“Suimei-dono, when you said someone’s trying to summon a god... Do
you mean a god that this world believes in?”
“Er, well, that’s where things get complicated. It’s probably a god they
created themselves.”
“Bwuh? A god... they created?”
“Think of a cult. When starting up a new religion, you have to make
your own god, right? You know... What kind of god are they? What kind of
blessing does one receive for earning their favor? That kinda thing.”
Suimei paused there, flashing a rather empty smile.
“In truth, there are no real gods in this world.”
“What?”
“Huh?”
“Let me clarify. When I say ‘divinity,’ I’m generally referring to a
colorless power of high mystical grade from the astral plane. And, frankly,
there’s no way something like an omnipotent god exists there. Basically,
humans are the ones that arbitrarily grant astral powers vessels and then
stereotype them as gods and whatnot. That’s what divinity really is.”
Lefille in particular furrowed her brows over Suimei’s explanation.
“If that’s truly the case, wouldn’t it mean Alshuna isn’t a real goddess

