Chapter 3: To the Society
After finishing up all of his business in Japan, Suimei was at last on his
way to Germany. The main purpose of his trip was, of course, to visit the
Society’s main headquarters to explain his prolonged absence to the leader,
and subsequently get permission to return to the other world once more.
The former would likely be no issue, as Suimei wasn’t at fault for his
prolonged absence, but there was some uncertainty regarding getting
official permission to travel to another world. The Society fundamentally
didn’t meddle in the business of its affiliated magicians; its general stance
was to allow them to do as they pleased so long as they refrained from
wickedness that ran counter to the Society’s ideals. The Society believed in
allowing scholars of the mysteries to freely conduct their research and
pursue any and every possibility open to them. It was up to the individual
magician to decide on their own thesis, and if that thesis took them to
another world, the Society was unlikely to raise an objection.
However, the Society was still an organization, so Suimei had to take
potential red tape into consideration. He was both optimistic and nervous
about his prospects, and that was the line he found himself riding during
this journey. As for the journey itself, there was also no way Suimei could
leave his three visitors behind while he was overseas. Liliana in particular
needed to accompany him, as he was hoping to address the issue of her
transformed body parts while he was in Germany.
And so Suimei booked a flight for four from Haneda Airport to
Frankfurt am Main. It was a direct flight, meaning they’d spend half a day
in the air. As everyone took their seats on the plane and began to settle in
for the trip, Liliana turned a sudden question on Suimei.
“Suimei, is it okay... for Hero Hatsumi... to stay behind?”
“It’s best if she stays home for a while. Time with her parents is
important, right?”
“Right.”
“It is.”

Felmenia and Lefille both agreed with Suimei on that point. Just as he’d
implied, Hatsumi was staying in Japan in order to spend more time with her
family and get lessons from Kiyoshiro.
“We’re in for much tougher battles now, so I have to get stronger too.”
That was what she’d said when she decided to stay behind. Rather than
going to Germany for no particular reason, it was far more in keeping with
Hatsumi’s constant hunger for self-betterment to stay home and train.
But as for the group headed to Germany...
“You three need to relax a bit.”
“Easier said than done, Suimei-kun...”
“I still can’t believe that such a large mass of metal can fly in the sky.”
“I can’t... calm down.”
Liliana tightly grasped Suimei’s hand from the window seat. She
ordinarily never displayed her agitation this openly, but that just showed
how anxious they all were about flying. Suimei gently placed his other hand
over Liliana’s as Hydemary poked her face up over the seat behind him.
“Suimei-kun’s right. There’s no need to be so tense,” she said.
“You’re quite calm about this, Hydemary-dono,” Felmenia piped up.
“I go back and forth between Germany and Japan all the time, so I’m a
frequent flyer. I’m used to it by now.”
Felmenia beheld Hydemary with awe-struck, admiring eyes.
“Now that’s Hydemary-dono for you!”
“Mhm. Such is the dignity of the senior disciple.”
Hydemary, however, replied in a proud voice despite her expressionless
face. Rather than reassuring the first-time flyers, it sounded more like she
was just boasting. This, of course, wasn’t of particular comfort to the
anxious Felmenia, who was still trembling and just as pale as before.
“But, but... You know? If something were to happen and we fell...”
“Saying that’s a bad omen, so knock it off. It’s also poor manners.”
“But... There’s nothing mystical about this mass of iron, right?”
In the end, Felmenia was reduced to tears. Magic was the foundation of
technology in her world, so her trust in it was profound. Knowing that she’d
be flying in a metal tube without any mystical assistance... It was perfectly
understandable why she and the other girls were so uneasy. Trusting in
science wasn’t second nature for them like it was the people of this world.
“You’ll be fine. You can always use flight magicka in the event

something happens, right?”
“Wha—?!”
There, the lightbulb came on for Felmenia. She looked as though that
thought hadn’t even crossed her mind—her first clumsy display in quite a
while.
“Well, I mean... There’s a lot we’d need to be worried about if we got
thrown out of the plane, so yeah, I guess it’s easy to overlook...” qualified
Suimei.
“I was simply caught up in common sense!” protested Felmenia.
“Same goes for you, Liliana.”
“I was careless... I will prepare myself... for the worst.”
“That’s not necessary. Hey, cut that out. Don’t practice levitation here.
It’ll affect their instruments.”
When admonished, Liliana—who was holding her arms out like wings
—decided to trust in Suimei and turn over all responsibility to him.
“You’re... right. So if something happens... you handle it, Suimei.”
“We’re in your care, Suimei-dono!”
“I can’t fly, Suimei-kun, so I’ll especially be counting on you.”
“I’m telling you, you guys, it’ll be fine...”
Suimei had a girl clinging to either arm from the seats beside him, and
one reaching for him from the seat behind him. All three of them were
staring at him with pleading eyes.
“Alright, fine, I get it. I’ll do something if it happens... Not that I think it
will, but if it does, I’ll be counting on you too, Mary.”
Suimei tossed a look behind him and found Hydemary staring back at
him in discontent.
“You’re not going to save me too?”
“Huh? I mean, you’d be fine without me, right?”
“That’s true, but you know...”
“So no big deal, right?”
“Hmph...”
Hydemary suddenly puffed out her cheeks and turned away in a huff. It
seemed Suimei had touched a nerve. He was sure she would have been
offended if he’d offered to help her out when he knew good and well that
she didn’t need it, but she seemed just as displeased that he hadn’t. Suimei
wasn’t quite sure what to make of this.

In any event, once the otherworldly visitors had experienced their first
flight, surely the return trip would be no obstacle. The remaining hurdles in
the meantime would be takeoff, landing, and any turbulence that might crop
up between them.
As Suimei was pondering all this, Hydemary started poking the back of
his head.
“Hey, Suimei-kun, I just remembered... What about that thing from
before?”
“What thing?”
“The letter from the Thousand Nights Association. You got more details
from Akitsuki-san, right?”
“Ooh, that... Let’s talk about it later.”
“What’s wrong with now? We’ve got a whole twelve hours to go, you
know?”
“Well, that’s true.”
Just as Suimei was about to brush off Hydemary’s suggestion...
“Welcome aboard flight number—”
Their conversation was interrupted by the flight attendant’s voice
coming over the speakers. Hearing it, the still-tense Felmenia suddenly
jumped up in her seat.
“A-A voice! There’s a voice coming from out of nowhere!”
“It’s just the pre-flight announcement. Make sure your seatbelt is
properly fastened.”
“The captain for your flight today is—”
“I see... It’s almost time. O Goddess Alshuna, grant me your compassion
and blessing.”
“Stop praying. And drop that tone. You sound like you’re about to reach
enlightenment.”
“Suimei, penguins... can’t fly... you know?”
“A stuffed toy can’t fly anyway!”
The visitors from another world were all clamoring and squealing right
up until takeoff, leaving the burden of calming them down once they were
in the air to fall squarely on Suimei.
★

About thirteen hours after Suimei’s group departed Japan, their plane
arrived at Frankfurt am Main Airport without incident. The ones most
relieved by their safe arrival in Germany were, of course, Felmenia, Liliana,
and Lefille. They were unable to shake the strange floating sensation they’d
experienced aboard the plane, so it went without saying that they were
overwhelmed with joy to finally have their feet on the ground again.
Upon leaving the airport, the group boarded a taxi to make their way to
the Society’s headquarters. The taxi took a secret underground tunnel with
Suimei and Hydemary’s guidance, and they soon found themselves
somewhere in the Harz Mountains before an enormous castle known as Alto
Schloss.
The dense, surrounding forest here was always shrouded in white mist.
It exuded a chill almost like a warning: danger would befall those who
carelessly entered here. In that sense, the forest and mountains served as a
natural barrier, ripe with both offensive potential and illusions of all
manners. Neither ordinary folk nor magicians could enter here without
invitation.
Suimei and his four companions were currently walking down a stone
pathway, pulling their luggage behind them like tourists. They came to a
stop in front of an enormous latticed gate with a black sheen to it that made
it clear this was the end of the road for most. Felmenia looked particularly
interested upon seeing it.
“This building resembles ones from our world, doesn’t it?” she muttered
admiringly.
“The architectural style... is similar to the Empire’s... in a lot of ways.
How mysterious,” Liliana agreed.
“You’re right. Well, the evolution of humanity has a tendency to
converge, so the same is probably true of aesthetics,” Suimei explained.
“Is that really how that works?” Hydemary asked dubiously.
“Yup.”
Suimei brushed off Hydemary’s doubts and casually approached the
gate. However, upon realizing that there weren’t many footsteps following
him, he turned around. His three visitors were hesitating for some reason.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“Are you serious, Suimei-kun? Do you not see the problem here...?”
asked Lefille in astonishment.

“Suimei-dono! Are we really entering such a building?!” Felmenia asked
with even more panic in her voice.
“There’s a preposterous... number of spells... on it,” Liliana echoed.
“Yeah, but I’m telling you it’s fine. It poses no threat as long as we
follow procedure,” Suimei explained.
And with that, he raised the palm of his hand and waved it about. The
forest barrier started up discreetly, while the castle’s barrier started up most
obviously—a decisive way to pressure anyone standing before the castle.
Enclosure, liberation, extraplanar... The barrier was a combination of
every known type of barrier to thwart any would-be trespassers. Alto
Schloss might easily be the most secure building in the entire world. Even if
one were to break through all of its defenses, what awaited them inside was
the most distinguished monster in the world.
“Open.”
Hydemary invoked her magicka, and the gate rose accordingly. The
sound of heavy metal chains grinding resounded through the air, and before
long, the entrance was completely open.
After confirming this, Suimei twirled around on the spot, the coattails of
his black jacket fluttering behind him. He then took a theatrical bow like a
butler.
“Welcome to the castle of our esteemed leader, Magicka King
Nettesheim. As a magician of the Society, I cordially invite you all to
enter.”

