To definitively save those who can’t be saved.
“Go. For the sake of proving your ideals. That will prove that we’re
correct. Go beat the crap out of all divinity out there that only moves
according to its own selfish desires.”
“Right.”
Encouraged by the leader’s heartening words, Suimei left the enclosed
room behind.
★
Meanwhile, in the Society’s lobby...
“About Master Suimei?” the receptionist parroted.
After being asked to wait in the lobby, Felmenia and the other girls had
decided to ask the receptionist, Beltria Krantz, about Suimei.
“Yes. We don’t, um, know all that much about Suimei-dono.”
There, Beltria flashed a graceful smile at the girls.
“Well, considering how old he is, did you never think that maybe he was
just some young man?”
“It’s true that Suimei-kun is young. However, after coming here and
seeing the way he’s treated, plus the fact that he was able to meet directly
with the head of this organization... That isn’t something just anyone could
do, right?”
“You’re right about that. Master Suimei’s position allows him to freely
meet with our leader. Actually, there’s a premise here that one must be able
to find our leader before meeting him, so magicians incapable of doing so
cannot meet with him at all.”
Felmenia cocked her head to the side at such a cryptic notion.
“Is he not here in this castle?”
“I think he is... But I don’t know where. I’ve looked around for him
myself, you know? I have enough interest in magicka that I’ve personally
explored this castle. Yet, even though I searched every nook and cranny, I
couldn’t find him at all... Anyway, Master Suimei’s current position is in
part thanks to his abilities and his repeated contributions to the Society, but
his pedigree is also quite storied.”
“That is to say he gets favorable treatment for it?”
“It’d be more appropriate to say that people recognize the superiority of

his lineage.”
Upon hearing what Beltria had to say, Felmenia and the others recalled
what had first impressed them upon teleporting to Japan: Suimei’s house
was larger and occupied more land than the surrounding houses. At the very
least, there was no mistaking that he possessed considerable assets.
“His pedigree, huh? It’s true that his house was rather large...”
“So he’s really from a longstanding lineage?”
“Yes. His lineage dates back over three hundred years before the
founding of the Society, about a thousand years ago—”
“A-A-A-A-A thousand years?! Did you say a thousand years?!”
Felmenia jumped up from her seat in shock upon hearing such
staggering information. From her perspective, a lineage of a thousand years
easily surpassed that of Nelferia’s and Saadias’s oldest families, and
perhaps even Astel’s royal line. As such, Lefille and Liliana were equally
flabbergasted, their eyes like saucers. The only one who didn’t seem
surprised at all was the lone resident of this world, Hydemary.
“In the Society, which is categorized as an emergent organization in the
world of magicka, his lineage is pretty much the cream of the crop. I’ve
heard that the popular systems of magicka at the time in Japan were
Shintoism, mountain worship, and Buddhism. Master Suimei’s family is
distinguished even among the distinguished families of the Orient, and the
head of the family at the time showed interest in the Society’s ideals. So,
after some rather involved correspondence, I’ve heard he ended coming
over here and joining up. He was apparently quite compatible with
Kabbalah numerology at the time.”
At that, Felmenia raised an eyebrow.
“I-I’ve heard that many of the mysteries here are involved with religion,
though?”
There were many systems of magicka that used religion as a source,
meaning that mastering multiple systems often involved several religious
beliefs colliding. That could make it difficult to master other forms of
magicka after steeping oneself in a single system. It could slam a magician
into an insurmountable wall, preventing them from learning any other
systems at all.
“Master Suimei’s family was apparently very focused on scholarly
pursuits, and only weakly involved with religion. They seemed to have

established methods of communicating with divinity regardless of religion,
so they apparently never really prayed or anything to begin with.”
“Oh?”
Lefille perked up with great interest once the topic shifted to religion,
but Beltria shook her head.
“My apologies, but to go any further delves into the secret arts of the
Yakagi family... Do you happen to know about it, Mary-chan?”
“He hasn’t taught me anything about it either, you know? I think he was
about to, but then all this happened.”
“I see, I see.”
As Beltria and Hydemary continued to chat, Lefille turned to Felmenia.
“Lady Felmenia, do you understand what they’re talking about? I don’t
really comprehend how one can borrow power from divinity despite
spurning faith.”
“Vaguely. I believe what they’re doing isn’t bringing themselves closer
to divinity through religious faith, but rather creating a means of bringing
divinity to them with a vessel for it to manifest in, providing them a means
of borrowing power.”
“In short... it’s somewhat like... a summoning, then?” Liliana piped up,
joining the conversation.
Felmenia gave her an uncertain nod.
“Yes. For an easy to understand example, think of the half-possession of
guardian angels.”
“But... how is that... advantageous for divinity? The traditional means...
demand faith. But this way... the offering isn’t clear.”
“I think that, though incomplete, the point of being able to interfere
directly with the world by means of possession is the very reason divinity
lends a hand. To take it to an extreme, what divinity fears the most in the
world is being forgotten. And those who can wield the power of a specific
divine being are few and far between in terms of the entire world, as they’re
restricted to a certain faith. That makes people capable of wielding multiple
connections, like Suimei-dono, quite convenient for divinity.”
“So he’s... being used.”
Liliana had a rather harsh take on the situation. Suimei would have
firmly protested if he’d been present.
“What about the less easy to understand example, Lady Felmenia?”

“I haven’t a clue. The process involves opening a connection, and then
maintaining both the line of communication and the very means of
communication itself. It’s all a mystery to me. You’ve seen Suimei-dono
use Abreq ad Habra before, right, Lefille?”
“That’s... certainly true.”
Felmenia was referencing the spell Suimei used when summoning a
guardian angel. Lefille had personally seen it in action twice. It was a
technique that brought forth a preposterous existence, but not even Lefille, a
half-spirit, had any idea what it was.
It was here that Beltria rejoined their conversation with additional
information.
“Japan back in those days was polytheistic, so Yakagi family magicka
has incorporated multiple systems since long ago. When it came to making
use of the targets of their belief, they apparently did some pretty ridiculous
and violent things. Master Suimei may in fact be the best in the entire
Society at handling anything related to divinity. That’s precisely why he
was even capable of driving an evil god out of—”
“A-An evil god?!”
“Yes. It’s quite a famous story, you know? One of the magicians known
as the Greed of Ten summoned an evil god to destroy the world. But, in the
middle of its manifestation, Master Suimei expelled it to the astral plane
and reduced it back to a conceptual existence.”
The three visitors were at a complete loss for words. Suimei had repelled
an evil god... meaning he’d already conquered what they were trying to
fight in their own world.
It was there that Felmenia raised a question with a somewhat obtuse
look on her face.
“So... was my summoning actually really a huge success?”
“No, Lady Felmenia, you failed. Don’t run from reality.”
Lefille put her hand on Felmenia’s shoulder, while Liliana standing next
to them made a sullen face.
“Suimei... really is... a big liar.”
“Seriously. Where does he get off saying he’s lower-middle class? Isn’t
he, like, the upper crust of the upper crust?”
“Ah, did Master Suimei say something like that?”
“That does sound like Suimei-kun, yeah.”

“He’s not really one to brag, after all.”
“In Suimei-kun’s case, considering the things he’s done, just talking
about himself objectively would be boasting.”
As Hydemary and Beltria continued to chat...
“Um, excuse me...”
Someone called out to the group from behind. Judging by the suit they
were wearing, it was clear they were a magician.
“Is something the matter?”
“Um, you there with the red hair... Could I shake your hand?”
Before they knew it, a fair number of magicians had gathered around
them. Or, specifically, around Lefille.
★
Suimei returned from the leader’s room to find an enormous crowd in
the lobby.
“Wh-What the hell is going on here...?”
Those were his first words upon seeing the bizarre situation. The lobby
was in an absolute uproar. There was the clamoring din of excited voices,
and at the center of it all, Suimei could hear a few familiar ones shouting
things like, “Hold them back!” Indeed, it seemed Hydemary and the other
girls were being swarmed by Society magicians for some reason.
As Suimei stood there observing this completely stupefied, one
particular voice in the crowd screamed at him...
“Suimei-kun! You’re late! ‘It shouldn’t take that long’?! Liar! Idiot!
Moron!”
It was an angry Hydemary, who liberally and childishly chewed him out.
The Society magicians had her and the girls so desperately surrounded that
she’d resorted to using magicka.
She had deployed one of her specialty spells, the card soldiers,
defensively around the group. An entire deck of cards—jokers excluded—
was frantically trying to hold off the magicians swarming around them. The
human-sized cards, which had grown limbs, had basically formed a
partitioning wall. But even with their help, Hydemary was still short on
hands. More magicians were now trying to close in from a different angle,
so she deployed another spell.

“Jetzt kommen, mein niedlicher Teddybär.”
[Now come, my cute teddy bear.]
With a poof typical of stage magic, a teddy bear wearing a pointed hat
appeared out of thin air. It was only about the size of a soccer ball to start,
but growing larger and larger with every blink of the eye.
“T-Teddy bear?! Crap!”
“Defensive walls! Hurry!”
“I-I-It’s getting bigger!”
“WAAAAAH!”
The magicians charging in from the flank were crushed by Hydemary’s
teddy bear and left crying in agony as they were scolded for trying to cut in
line. Meanwhile, the actual line itself didn’t seem much affected.
“Wait, a line...?”
Indeed, there was a line. A bona fide queue. Taking a closer look, Suimei
could see a long line of magicians leading up to Lefille, who was sitting
there with a complicated look on her face. Felmenia stood beside her,
seemingly on guard duty as magicians approached her one after the other.
“H-Hair! Please give me your hair! J-Just a single strand will do!”
“C-Could you please pour your power into this crystal ball?!”
“Alright! I’m never washing this hand again!”
“Mistress! Please be my mistress!”
“Oh jeez...”
All Suimei could do was groan in bewilderment over the crowd’s
clamoring about how this advanced research by several decades.
The frenetic energy of the scene made it look like some sort of celebrity
meet-and-greet. The magicians—though they seemed more like rabid fans
of the mysteries—were all screaming and shrieking in excited joy like fans
swarming around their favorite idol. Suimei couldn’t help imagining the
scene that way as he watched the chaos unfold.
But as he pondered that mental image, someone suddenly called out to
him.
“Yakagi-san!”
It was a familiar voice that belonged to a friend of Hydemary’s. She was
a Japanese girl around Suimei’s age with long, flaxen hair. She wore a white
shirt, black vest, red tie, and a tight black skirt. It was a simple enough
outfit, but it was put together in a showy fashion with dress gloves, a

