wander the world. It was in doing so that he’d encountered Saix Ruger, and
the rest was now history.
“I feel kinda bad for him... Thrown away, tricked, and this was what
awaited him in the end,” Suimei said with a sigh.
“Agreed.”
“But, you know, at the end of the day, why was he so eager to take on
more than he could handle? If he wants to accomplish something, what’s
wrong with doing a little bit at a time?”
Suimei casually threw that out, and in an unusual turn of events,
Hydemary smiled.
“I’m sure... he wanted the person who created him to acknowledge him.
He wanted to be accepted. That’s why he tried to do something grand. To
stand out and attract attention. Also... I get it.”
“Get what?”
“This boy didn’t have you. That’s why he’s been unable to live freely
like I do.”
Hydemary looked down at the blond boy too. Her tone was sympathetic,
and her expression just a bit lonely.
“Suimei-kun... Could I be a little selfish?”
“What are you thinking?”
“I don’t want to hand this boy over to the Thousand Nights
Association.”
“I don’t particularly mind, but what exactly are you planning on doing
instead?”
Suimei questioned Hydemary in a slightly strict tone. No matter how
pitiful she found him, cutting him loose would only end with another
incident. This wasn’t something that could simply be overlooked. Someone
needed to take responsibility, much the same way Suimei had sheltered
Liliana.
“I’d like to send him to my father.”
“Ah, so you’d like the meister to train him?”
“Mm. I think that’d be better.”
“That sounds nice and all, but will he agree to it? This boy is a complete
stranger to him.”
“I’m sure it’ll be fine. If he’s reluctant, I just have to beg him.”
“Why go that far?”

“Why? Is that something you need to ask?”
Hydemary paused there for a moment, but the next words out of her
mouth were Suimei’s own...
“To definitively save those who cannot be saved.”
I see. In that case, of course she’d go this far.
“You don’t say, huh? Then you’d better lend him a proper hand. He’s
going to need it.”
With that, Suimei picked up the unconscious blond boy. Now that they’d
decided not to hand him over, a negotiation with the Thousand Nights
Association awaited. The thought was exhausting to Suimei, but it was all
worth it to support his disciple who’d taken her first steps to pursuing the
Society’s ideals. It was a good feeling, and Suimei left the church with a
smile and Hydemary proudly at his side. Outside they found the girls, the
magicians they’d restrained, and representatives from the Thousand Nights
Association who’d come to collect their targets all waiting for them.

