realizing something.
“Hey, Suimei, is this why you brought her here?”
“Well, yeah.”
That was exactly the reason. If Lefille were told by someone far stronger
than herself that she could become stronger, it would be like a glimmer of
hope. Suimei’s way of showing her the light may have been a little
imprudent, but it was undoubtedly necessary for someone like Lefille who
didn’t have much time before her fight to come. And upon putting all this
together, Kiyoshiro began scratching his head.
“Well, about that... Let me give you one more piece of advice.”
Lefille corrected her posture and readied herself so that she wouldn’t
miss a single word Kiyoshiro was to utter. As for the sage advice that left
his lips...
“Go sightseeing.”
“Huh?”
“This is your first time in Japan, right?”
“Y-Yes.”
“So don’t give a single thought to your sword. Empty your mind and
enjoy yourself. This is another form of mental training.”
“What do you mean...?”
“I mean that your mind needs a change of pace. Do enough of it, and
you’ll get the hang of it. What you need to do right now is to devote
yourself to comfort. If your body can get used to that, you’ll eventually
learn to master elegance.”
“Elegance...”
It was the same thing Rumeya had said—that Lefille needed to calm
down her agitated heart which had become fixated on victory. She had to
train her mind so that she could wield her sword with elegance and brandish
her own power.
And so, after telling Lefille that was what she needed, Kiyoshiro
returned to his seat at the head of the dojo.
★
Suimei’s first few days back in Japan were dizzyingly hectic. He spent
most of his time running around from one thing to another. He had to

explain his circumstances to the Japanese branch; manage all of the
problems stemming from his prolonged absence at school; use magicka to
smooth things over for Reiji, Mizuki, and Hatsumi too; and lastly, use
magicka to reconcile things with Reiji and Mizuki’s families. And, once all
of that business was finally settled, he was finally able to get to his real
work.
As for the visitors from another world, Lefille spent her time visiting the
Kuchiba dojo next door, while Felmenia and Liliana spent their time poring
over the grimoires of the Yakagi estate’s study as well as watching videos
on the internet and talking about magicka with Hydemary. Essentially, the
three of them spent their time as they pleased while Suimei tended to his
business.
They all took the time, however, to visit the Kuchiba residence together
to feast on a Japanese meal Yukio had prepared for them. Suimei would
never forget the exasperated look Haseto gave him that night.
But once Suimei had finally taken care of everything in Japan, all that
was left was visiting the Society’s headquarters in Germany and dealing
with the work left to him by the Thousand Nights Association. Suimei
explained this to the girls, and they were currently in the living room
discussing their plans and what they wanted to do before departing for
Europe.
“I want to try that cake Lady Hatsumi spoke of.”
That was Lefille’s personal request. She actually had quite a sweet tooth,
and had already made it known she was interested in sampling new
desserts.
“I want... to go see penguins.”
Meanwhile, Liliana was unable to forget the animals she’d seen on
television. Suimei thought her first request would be to visit the zoo, but it
actually turned out to be the aquarium.
“What about you, Menia?”
“I would like to visit a bookstore, although watching videos has already
been quite educational.”
As Felmenia said, simply watching videos was a great way to see and
learn new things. Just watching footage of a natural phenomenon could
serve as inspiration for a new spell, for example. And since Felmenia’s
main priority here in Suimei’s world was learning, there wasn’t anywhere in

particular she especially wanted to go like the other girls. She was content
to leave their itinerary up to them.
“How will we get around?”
“I already called my driver. He should be here soon.”
Suimei didn’t have a license, so he normally relied on his exclusive
chauffeur for transportation. Said chauffeur was, naturally, also a Society
magician.
Once they were all ready, Suimei, Felmenia, Lefille, Liliana, and
Hydemary left the house and found a black van waiting for them. A young
man wearing a grey suit was standing next to it. He had porcelain skin and
black, neatly trimmed hair. Rather than merely calm and gentle, it was more
accurate to say he had an absolutely tranquil air about him. As Suimei and
company drew closer, the young man gave a serene bow.
“I’m sorry to keep you waiting, young master.”
“Don’t worry about it. Thank you for escorting us, Akitsuki-san.”
Suimei lightly bowed back to his chauffeur, Akitsuki. Felmenia and the
others followed suit, each of them briefly introducing themselves in the
process. Once that was done, Liliana tugged on Suimei’s sleeve.
“So... you really are... a stinking rich boy, Suimei?” she asked.
“Stinking...? Could you maybe not put it like that?” he replied.
“But there’s no mistaking that you’re quite rich,” Lefille countered.
“This man even called you ‘young master,’” Felmenia agreed.
The girls were rightfully astonished. How could they not see him as
some sort of nobility after seeing how he lived? To them, this was the
equivalent of Suimei having his own personal carriage at his beck and call.
There was no way they would ever think of him as a commoner again.
Granted, perhaps this realization was a bit late after they’d already seen the
size of the estate where he lived.
Seemingly quite interested in automobiles, Felmenia then tried touching
the black van.
“I’ve seen them on television, but how does such a thing actually
move?” she asked, brimming with curiosity.
“Allow me to explain,” Akitsuki answered with a grin. “It burns fuel as a
source of power to propel it forward.”
“Oh... Could it be that you know about us already?”
“Yeah,” Suimei interjected. “I’ve given Akitsuki-san the rundown

already, so you don’t need to be cagey around him.”
He couldn’t say much for Akitsuki’s reaction, however—which had
simply been, “Is that so? Understood.” But Akitsuki had been involved with
the Yakagis since Kazamitsu’s generation. Much like Hatsumi’s parents, he
was likely already convinced anything was possible when it came to this
family.
“Sorry I’m late!”
After the group chatted for a while longer, Hatsumi came running over.
She wasn’t wearing the uniform she always had on, but rather a cute, casual
ensemble that included a skirt, headband, and corsage.
“Oh, you’re here as well.”
“Hi, Akitsuki-san. Thank you for driving us today.”
“But of course.”
Hatsumi greeted Akitsuki, then exchanged good mornings with everyone
else. Then, when it was finally time to depart...
“Who wants shotgun?”
“Shotgun?”
“Oh, I mean the seat next to the driver.”
When Suimei explained it, all three visitors from another world began
fidgeting with excitement. It was clear they all wanted to try it, but they
were too considerate of one another to be the first to jump at the
opportunity.
“Are you three okay with taking turns?”
“C-Certainly!”
“Yup!”
“Yes...”
And, with that, the otherworldly visitors boarded a car for the first time.
They were all surprised at how soft the seats were. Carriages where they
were from didn’t have luxuries like pillowed seats with springs, so the
amenities available here made an immediate impression.
When everyone was settled in, Akitsuki pulled an envelope from his
briefcase.
“For you, young master.”
The envelope had no sender, but Suimei knew exactly who it was from.
It was nearly identical to the letter he’d received from the courier the other
day from the Thousand Nights Association.

“Why do you have this, Akitsuki-san?”
“It was delivered to the branch office this morning. I was asked to pass it
along while I was here.”
“So they want this taken care of sooner rather than later...”
Suimei opened the envelope and, just as he expected, found additional
materials on the previous enforcement request.
“...”
“Young master?”
“It’s nothing... Shall we get going?”
Suimei urged his driver to start the car. The letter was important
business, but there was nothing he could do about it while he was still in
Japan, so he settled on prioritizing today’s plans.
“Now then, where to first?”
“Well, let’s start with the shop in front of the station so we can buy some
snacks. After that...”
“I-I want to go... to the aquarium!”
Liliana was the first to pipe up. She wasn’t usually the type to demand
anything, but her desire to see more animals was unbearable. The way she
was bouncing up and down in her seat was also rather adorable. Suimei
turned to the other girls to see if they were fine with the suggestion, and the
four of them nodded obligingly.
“The aquarium it is, then. Sounds like we’ll be starting there, Akitsuki-
san.”
“Certainly.”
Akitsuki turned the key and started the car. The internal combustion
engine roared, and all three visitors from another world expressed their
surprise upon witnessing a car come to life for the first time.
“W-Wah!”
“Now this is...”
“It’s... amazing. There’s nothing... mystical about it... at all.”
The three of them were looking around at the seats and windows, trying
to identify the source of the sounds and vibrations. Akitsuki gave them a
brief explanation of what was happening, which helped put them at ease.
In any case, the first stop of the day was the convenience store in front
of the train station. After casually picking out some snacks for the trip, they
finally got to relax and sample the goods. Felmenia choked up with tears of

joy upon her first taste.
“Chocolate... This must be the food of the gods.”
The staples for such a declaration in Japan were chocolate, mayonnaise,
and pudding. And Felmenia just so happened to have a chocolate bar in her
hands as she exaltedly thanked the heavens.
“This cream puff thing... is very tasty. Hom.”
“To think this world has sweets that rival cotton candy and cake... This
so-called ice cream is superb.”
All three visitors from another world were in high spirits as they
sampled their treats, or more precisely, wholeheartedly devoured them.
They’d picked out sweet and salty snacks that complemented each other as
perfectly as good sake and fish. Moreover, with Hydemary present, a lively
discussion began over which snacks were better than others.
Suimei and Hatsumi watched the four of them enjoying themselves with
charmed smiles.
“Don’t eat too much, you three. Junk food’s bad for you if you don’t
keep it in moderation,” he cautioned.
“I-I suppose these are luxury goods...” Felmenia conceded.
“Besides, we’ve got the main course coming up. You’ll miss out if you
fill up now, you know?” Hatsumi added.
“Oh! You’re right! There’s still the cake!” Lefille shouted in excitement.
She was very much so looking forward to the cake, and immediately
retracted her outstretched hand when Hatsumi reminded her of it.
Meanwhile, the one girl who didn’t understand such moderation cocked her
head in an innocent manner.
“Is that so?” Hydemary asked.
“You’re an exception,” Suimei retorted.
Junk food was a dietary staple for Hydemary, who aspired to live the
childhood dream. It should have been bad for her health, yet it didn’t seem
to pose the slightest problem in Hydemary’s case. Perhaps it was a perk of
being a homunculus, but how exactly did that even work?
As Suimei pondered over this, he spotted Felmenia reaching out for
another snack.
“Th-Then, just one more. Just one last—”
“I’m telling you to stop.”
“Aah?!”

