“I mean... Life is a gift from the Goddess and the fruit of human love.
Replicating that with one’s own hands is a little...”
Her very existence was difficult for them to accept, yet Hydemary spoke
as though she knew nothing of their reluctance.
“Just about the only difference is whether you’re grown in a human
womb or a test tube. And either way, I’m the result of someone’s will to
procreate, so what difference does it really make?”
“I see... That’s one way of thinking about it...”
“There are those who also subscribe to your way of thinking in this
world, but it largely falls under the religious approach to the topic. If they
concede to the scientific approach, they feel it would be denying everything
they’ve been taught to believe. And so they reject it under the convenient
front of blasphemy.”
“Hey, you’re getting off track.”
Suimei jostled Hydemary’s shoulder and interrupted her enthusiastic
lecture. He knew she could go on endlessly when it came to philosophical
discussions of life.
“But you get it, right?”
“Yeah, I get it. So calm down a bit, okay?”
“Mrrgh...”
Hydemary still had much more to say on the subject, which was only
natural as it personally concerned her. Objections to creating life by human
hands were tantamount to objections to her very existence. Hydemary was
undeniably artificial, but just as she was demonstrating now, she could
move, think, and act all on her own. She was very much alive. And she had
no interest in hearing that her life and what had created it were wrong.
At last getting back to the introductions, Suimei looked over to
Felmenia.
“My name is Felmenia Stingray. I’m currently under Suimei-dono’s
tutelage as his disciple.”
“Huh? Ooh! That makes you my junior disciple!”
Hydemary’s previous discontent seemed to go flying out the window as
she raised an extremely cheerful voice. She practically skipped over to
Felmenia, who was visibly confused. Hydemary, on the other hand, was
brimming with curiosity.
Upon seeing all this, Lefille leaned in and whispered into Suimei’s ear.

“Suimei-kun, this girl can be, um... quite childish, can’t she?”
“Well, despite what her appearance suggests, she is actually a child.”
“Pardon?”
Suimei decided to spare Lefille the details and leave that discussion for
later. There was no rush to get into any of that yet.
“I’m... Liliana Zandyke. Like Felmenia... I have become... Suimei’s
disciple.”
“This girl too?”
Hydemary leaned forward and peered at Liliana’s face. Her unreserved
stare had Liliana, who wasn’t used to dealing with people, immediately
recoiling. But for every step she took backward, Hydemary took one
forward to keep the distance between them from growing. This cycle
repeated itself as they slowly chased each other around the yard.
“U-Um... Uh...”
“No need to be so anxious.”
“Augh...”
Liliana reluctantly came to a stop, and Hydemary took the opportunity
to observe her from every angle. She was like a photographer who wanted
to capture every aspect of her subject. In the end, she even grabbed
Liliana’s violet hair to inspect it.
“What’s gotten into you?” Suimei couldn’t help asking.
“Nothing, really. Looking at Liliana-chan just stirred up a little
inspiration.”
“Ah, of course... But knock it off for now.”
Liliana’s appearance was incredibly striking, and she had a lot going for
her visually. Youthful looks. Gothic lolita fashion from another world. That
twintail hairstyle. Even an eyepatch. She was an ideal study for Hydemary,
who made dolls as a hobby.
Once he realized what was going on, however, Suimei chided Hydemary
as he pulled her away by the arm, forcefully putting an end to her study of
Liliana.
“I’m Lefille Grakis. I’m not Suimei-kun’s disciple, seeing as I’m not a
magician and all, but I guess you could say I’m his companion?”
“Oh?”
At Lefille’s introduction, Hydemary demonstrated an entirely different
reaction than she’d had with the other two girls. She stared at Lefille closely

as she charmingly cocked her head to the side. She then stepped forward
and began poking at Lefille.
“Um...” Lefille muttered in a troubled manner.
Hydemary’s behavior was most rude, but her innocent demeanor made it
difficult to reprimand her appropriately. Her intense interest in Lefille,
however, was perfectly understandable. Any magician in this world would
have been equally taken.
“You noticed?” Suimei asked from the side.
“How could I not? Lefille-san, are you...?” Hydemary asked in a
perplexed tone.
“A spirit, yes,” Lefille answered. “Though, strictly speaking, only a half-
spirit.”
“This other world sure is amazing. This is legendary stuff here.”
Though her face remained expressionless, Hydemary sung great
admiration, causing Lefille to knit her brows in response.
“Is it really that impressive? I mean, it’s pretty special even back in our
world, but...”
“Come now. The very presence of a spirit is incredible, you know? In
this world, they vanished from the face of the earth over a hundred years
ago.”
“But there are techniques to summon them here, right? Using those, it
shouldn’t be all that difficult to see one.”
“Spirit sightings aren’t all that uncommon, no. But what’s truly special
is the way your existence has manifested. A summoning is merely
temporary, but that’s not the case for you, right? Despite lacking the
requisite offering or mana to maintain your presence here, you’re not
vanishing... Moreover, you also exist as half-human,” Hydemary practically
cooed with increasing enthusiasm. “It’s amazing. You’ve suddenly gotten
me quite curious about this world of yours.”
“Th-That’s, well... Thank you, I think?”
Lefille seemed a bit bowled over by Hydemary’s excitement, but Suimei
let out a languid sigh to put a damper on the whole thing.
“But their magicka is kinda...”
“Why the long face? Is it that disappointing?”
“Actually, speaking of... Menia, can you use it here?”
“A moment, please... Yes, it appears to work!”

“That so? Okay, then can you use that one spell you used to cast?”
Suimei urged Felmenia to demonstrate her magic, which immediately
put Hatsumi in quite a fluster.
“H-Hang on! You’re planning on using magicka here?!”
“Yeah, don’t worry about it. It’ll be fine as long as we do it on this
property.”
“You’re telling me no one’s going to notice you using magicka here?”
“Yup. I mean, if that wasn’t the case, don’t you think you would’ve
found out about it way sooner?”
“...Don’t go performing weird rituals right next to my house.”
“We’re not some cult, damn it. It’s just part of our job as magicians.”
“Well, um, here I go... Truth Flare!”
Felmenia incanted her keywords in a casual tone and activated her spell
on the spot. It was only a small invocation, allowing the chant to be
omitted. A magicka circle... obviously didn’t show up. Felmenia had cast
Truth Flare, a magic spell she’d used in her world before Suimei taught her
the ways of magicka.
Nevertheless, a white flame—one just a little hotter than a regular one—
danced in the air and illuminated the garden of the Yakagi mansion. The
flowers hiding in the dark of night revealed their beautiful colors, and the
world around them was suddenly far more vivid than before.
Any normal person would have been in awe of such a mystical and
beautiful scene, but what came out of Hydemary’s mouth sounded much
closer to disappointment.
“Mm, yeah. It’s kind of... questionable. It seems there’s something
mediating with it from the outside, though?”
“It’s a phenomenon of lower-class spirits called the Elements. They’re
what’s mediating with the spell.”
“A phenomenon is?”
“It happens, right? You know, that. The law of parallel worlds theory.”
“Really? That super abstract theory that states that because other worlds
are governed by different laws, phenomena unique to them can still occur
here so long as the two worlds are connected?”
“Yup. That’s the one. The Elements are one such ‘law’ that gives rise to
unique phenomena in their world.”
“That’s amazing. It was considered a completely empty theory since it

was previously impossible to observe other worlds to begin with, wasn’t
it?”
“This just proves that it can be actualized.”
“That’s a big achievement, Suimei-kun.”
“Hey, don’t go standing on your tip-toes to hit my head. What do you
take me for? Some sort of no-good detective?”
After wrapping up his little comedy routine with Hydemary, Suimei
quickly returned to explaining the theory at hand.
“Moreover, there are pretty considerable restrictions depending on the
type of law. It’s likely the divinity of their world added the law of the
Elements as some sort of addendum to the original laws.”
“So this Elemental business is the mainstream form of magicka in their
world?”
“Yup. They call it magic.”
Upon hearing that, Hatsumi cocked her head to the side.
“Wait a second, Suimei. What’s the difference? Between magicka and
magic, I mean.”
“Nuance. Magicka concerns techniques to manipulate the mysteries,
while magic concerns mystical law. Well, fundamentally, they both have to
do with the mysteries.”
To a magician, the word “mysteries” generally encompassed all that was
mystical in nature. This included, for example, the wonders and monsters of
Japan. It could be used as an umbrella term for magicka, mana, and the laws
of the world, et cetera—anything and everything mystical.
“In any event,” Suimei sighed as he turned to Felmenia. “It’s even
weaker over here, huh?”
“Now that you mention it... Yes, it seems to be. It really doesn’t possess
its usual power.”
The white flame that Felmenia had created was lacking destructive
power for the mana it used. In essence, the amount of heat it emitted wasn’t
particularly high. Contemplating the reason for this...
It’s just like what happened to me, huh?
It dawned on Suimei that this was similar to how he’d been unable to
bring about his full power in the other world. Magicka utilizing the laws of
this world lost its power there; and so too did magicka utilizing the laws of
that world lose its power here. It was like how a radio would get staticky

when moved too far away from the source of its signal. And that static, so to
speak, prevented spells from manifesting at their full power.
“Okay, try the first spell I taught you next.”
“White Flame Hyacinth!”
When Felmenia unleashed her keywords this time, a magicka circle
made of white manalight deployed, rotated, and expanded at her feet with
white electrical currents. Shortly after, an identical magicka circle took
shape in the air and a blinding beam shot into the sky.

