manipulated can’t resist at all.”
“Ugh, I can’t believe it...”
“Th-Thanks, Lefi.”
“I mean, this kind of thing is somewhat personal to me...”
“H-Hic... You’re my only ally, Lefi.”
Suimei was moved to tears by Lefille’s kindness. As for the others
who’d gotten a little excited...
“I-I was also planning on handing it over to you, Suimei-dono!”
“R-Right. I definitely... wasn’t planning on... toying around... with you,
so...”
“It’s too damn late to pretend now!”
Suimei quipped back at them before stomping over to the phone to give
Hatsumi’s parents a ring. Atop a small table was a nostalgic rotary phone
from the olden days... Or not. It was really just a vintage-style digital
phone.
“Hey, um... It’s Suimei. I don’t really know what to say, but... I’m sorry
for being out of touch for so long...”
Once Suimei was on the phone, the girls behind him began talking
amongst themselves.
“That’s the object that uses technology to reproduce the technique of a
long distance communication spell, right?”
“Yup, that’s right. You know about it?”
“Suimei explained it... using his ‘sell-fone’... and Hatsumi’s ‘smart-
fone.’”
“We were apprised of the so-called technology available in this world.
But... seeing the real thing certainly is mysterious. It emits no mana, yet
Suimei-dono can speak with someone so far away...”
While the other girls talked, Hatsumi timidly walked up to Suimei on the
phone.
“...Hey, are things okay?”
“Yes, I’ll put her on now... Everything’s fine. Here.”
There, Suimei handed the receiver over to Hatsumi. She looked troubled
for a moment, as though words had completely left her. Her mind had gone
completely blank on the spot. There were two or three words from the other
side of the receiver before Hatsumi finally realized exactly what it was she
needed to say.

“Hey, mom? Yeah, it’s me. Sorry for worrying you... No, I’m doing
okay. Yeah, I’ll come home right away.”
After a brief exchange, Hatsumi hung up the phone and let out a big sigh
like she’d just checked something major off of her to-do list
“With this, you finally get some real relief, huh?”
“We finally made it back and everything... I wonder why I still felt so
guilty about it.”
That, undoubtedly, was because she was Japanese.
Leaving the visitors from another world behind with Hydemary in the
Yakagi mansion, Suimei and Hatsumi headed next door to the Kuchiba
residence.
★
In this world, there existed a class of master swordsmen known as the
Sword of Swords. They were acknowledged to be very summit of all sword
wielders in the world of martial arts.
The Swords were ranked from one to twelve, but each and every one of
them was strong without exception. They were all so skilled in their craft
that it was said the crown of the very strongest was within reach for all of
them. They were the inheritors of unbelievable sword techniques, or those
who had invented such techniques themselves. And when the brunt of these
powers was brought to bear on the battlefield, they weren’t just
unbelievable... They were capable of overturning common sense at its very
roots, no matter the era.
A slash to cut through metal was but the lowliest of skills to them.
A range that wasn’t restricted to the length of their arms and blade.
An ability to move across land at great speed using a technique called
ground contraction.
A roar of lightning that could cleave any enemy clean in two from top to
bottom.
A slashing wave that rent and crushed its target with the pure will to
decapitate.
An ability to control elevation using one’s posture and gait while soaring
through the sky.
A sword of exorcism capable of freezing an enemy using divine aura.

A soundless blade capable of traversing shadows and sniping enemies.
A phantom illusion that manifested the legends of all the world’s
swords.
No one, of course, knew these techniques officially. Just like magicka,
such skill with a sword was so far beyond the norm that it had to be
concealed from the general public.
But Suimei’s very neighbor was one such swordsman: the fourth seat of
the Sword of Swords from the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani
school, Kuchiba Kiyoshiro, who was recognized as the strongest
swordsman in Japan.
“It’s nothing special. All I did was chase after my brother, and this was
naturally what I achieved in the process.”
Those were Kuchiba Kiyoshiro’s own words. It was the answer he’d
once given Suimei when he asked how Kiyoshiro had come to be so strong.
The brother Kiyoshiro spoke of was Suimei’s father, Yakagi Kazamitsu
—the former head of the Yakagi family, a lineage of magicians of Society
pedigree, who was heralded as the best magician in the Orient. He
displayed prodigious power from a young age and went around the world
suppressing mystical calamities and criminals alike. Even though he walked
the path of righteousness, he was one of the mystics counted among the
Greed of Ten.
Chasing after such a man with nothing but a sword in hand was beyond
reckless. But that was precisely how Kuchiba Kiyoshiro had staked his
claim at the summit of all swordsmen.
And it was that man—master swordsman Kuchiba Kiyoshiro—who sat
before Suimei right now. He was casually dressed, seated upon a floor
cushion with an arm propped atop one upright knee. He was ready to spring
into action at a moment’s notice, like his zeal was too much to contain. It
made him seem rather like a young man who still had too much energy for
his own good.
But his behavior wasn’t the only thing that made him seem young. He
was the father of a girl in her late teens, but his looks certainly didn’t betray
that. At most, Kiyoshiro appeared to be in his late twenties, which really
gave a sense of just how abnormal he was. To anyone who was none the
wiser, he could easily pass for Hatsumi’s much older brother.
Kiyoshiro, however, was actually well into his forties—just on the verge

of taking his first steps into middle-age. He wasn’t a young man by any
stretch of the imagination. He wore a jokester’s grin, but his eyes contained
a dreadfulness befitting his years. His long, black hair was pulled back,
clearly revealing the scar on his face. His body was slender, but packed with
muscles.
“Instructor, I see you’re just the same as always.”
“Not that I could hold a candle to my brother in that regard.”
That was the reply Suimei got upon greeting his uncle. Again, the
brother Kiyoshiro referred to was Suimei’s father. Kiyoshiro had always
looked up to and idolized Kazamitsu as an older brother, but it wasn’t until
later in life when they both married—Suimei’s mother and Hatsumi’s
mother being sisters—that they actually became brothers-in-law.
When Suimei and Hatsumi arrived at the Kuchiba residence, Hatsumi’s
parents were waiting for her at the door. Her mother warmly embraced her
and her father cheekily ruffled her hair. After their initial reunion, Suimei
and Hatsumi then followed Hatsumi’s parents into the Japanese-style guest
room where they were now sitting across from each other.
“Mmm, what a great smell.”
Hatsumi sprawled herself on the tatami with a soft expression, joyfully
taking in the nostalgic scent of the room.


“It really is nice. So relaxing.”
“Mhm.”
“Oh, yeah. By the way, where’s Haseto?”
“He’s out of town right now. Didn’t I mention that on the phone?”
“I believe he’ll return tomorrow at the latest. He was quite worried about
you, Hatsumi-san.”
The supple voice that followed Kiyoshiro’s belonged to Yukio,
Hatsumi’s mother. She both sounded and looked the part of a warrior’s
wife. She wore traditional Japanese clothing and had long, black hair, but
uncharacteristic of Japanese aesthetics, her beautiful face was accented with
red eyeliner. She had a very similar aura to Hatsumi’s, though their
personalities were rather different.
In response to his wife, Kiyoshiro was no longer able to conceal his
mischievous side.
“I wasn’t worried at all, though.”
“Oh? Then remind me who it was that went running around for help
because his precious only daughter suddenly disappeared.”
“Hey now...”
Kiyoshiro’s bravado was countered with a reserved giggle. Yukio’s
attitude was like a willow that warded away Kiyoshiro’s mischievousness.
They’d always gotten along well in that regard.
“Suimei, I got calls from your branch asking about you too, you know?
Seems they investigated the entire area, but all traces of you suddenly
vanished at some point. Everyone was on high alert for a couple of
months.”
“Aah...”
Suimei hadn’t dared to ask Hydemary about it, but he’d more or less
assumed that was the case. With one of HQ’s executive candidates caught
up in some sort of incident, it wasn’t unreasonable to assume that the rest of
the branch might be targeted too. Every Society magician in Japan had
likely slept with one eye open until it was confirmed beyond a shadow of a
doubt that there was no lingering threat.
But it was on the subject of Suimei that the loose and relaxed expression
Kiyoshiro had taken on while chatting with his wife suddenly turned
serious.
“Well, before we continue... This means Hatsumi’s found out, no?”

“Yeah. Like so,” Suimei said as he spread out his arm, pantomiming
donning his suit.
Seeing that gesture, Kiyoshiro let out a resigned sigh.
“I see. Well, I did think it was about time to tell her... so I guess this sort
of works out? I still feel kinda iffy about it, though.”
“Isn’t it a little mean to have kept it a secret from me all this time?”
Hatsumi, unlike her playful father, was clearly in a bad mood. The
people she trusted most had intentionally hidden the fact that Suimei was a
magician from her for years. She had every reason to be upset with her
parents for keeping such a secret. She puffed out her soft-looking cheeks
and threw a sulky look Kiyoshiro and Yukio’s way.
It was childish of Hatsumi to act like this, but now that she was back
home, she was nothing more than a child in front of her parents. Kiyoshiro
looked at his daughter’s adorable pouting face and strained a smile.
“Don’t be like that,” he said before turning back to Suimei. “So? What
kinda nuisance did you get caught in this time?”
“About that... It’s a kinda crazy story, but...”
With that preamble, Suimei went on to explain what happened in the
other world to Kiyoshiro and Yukio. About how he was summoned, how
he’d fought monsters, and how he was reunited with Hatsumi. Hatsumi’s
parents, naturally enough, furrowed their brows as they listened to all this.
“...This is awfully difficult to believe,” Kiyoshiro said incredulously.
“Everything Suimei said is true,” Hatsumi immediately interjected.
“Well, this is Suimei-san. In a sense, I do believe that anything is
possible.”
“I’m surprised you can accept it so easily, Yuki.”
“Is it really that surprising? This is hardly anything compared to
Kazamitsu-san, no? Come now. Remember that one time? Back when we
saw him go upstream in time?”
“Aaah, yeah... That did happen, didn’t it?”
“...”
“...”
Kiyoshiro and Yukio began talking about some of the mysterious
happenings they’d experienced after getting involved with Kazamitsu—and
they ultimately came to the conclusion that Suimei’s antics didn’t hold a
candle to his father’s. Suimei and Hatsumi were both at an astonished loss

