
The guards wasted no further time with discussion, and instead began
invoking their spells. They weren’t just any spells, either. They were
prioritizing speed, launching quick attacks that didn’t require many steps—
namely magicka of this world that bypassed the need for a chant altogether.
As Felmenia moved to respond in kind, Lefille jumped out from behind
her. One of the enemy magicians sneered at such a bold entrance.
“Ha, an easy target! What a fool!”
Before Lefille could do anything, a volley of spells came flying at her.
Her enemies had used numerology to create a rapid-fire blaze, much like a
vastly inferior version of one of Suimei’s favorite spells.
“That’s one down!”
“Second line! Start with support and defensive magicka! Hurry and
establish an encampment!”
Immediately following their first wave of spells, the order for the second
was given. The enemy magicians considered Lefille preemptively defeated
and were preparing for their next move: using support magicka to
strengthen their offense and protective magicka to strengthen their defenses.
They would establish an encampment where they could lay down magicka
circles to create a ritual site, thereby allowing them to use much more
powerful spells.
Or, at least, that was the plan. It all went up in smoke as a dazzling red
light flooded the area, wiping out the volley of flames, their heat, and
everything born of them in an instant.
“RAAAAAH!”
Following the red light came Lefille’s war cry. As a half-spirit, low-level
magicka had no effect on her. The power of the spirits granted her
automatic rank disparity extinction against most spells, and her special
attacks created an accumulation of spiritual power that made it impossible
for most other mysteries to reach her. This was the first blow to the enemy
magicians’ formation.
The crimson wind of Ishaktney’s Red Gale gathered at the tip of
Lefille’s greatsword as she held it aloft before thrusting it downward.
“Lebeh Luvuast!”
[Blade of Four Seals!]
A shockwave surged through the ground, which split apart with a burst
of brilliant crimson light.

Then there was a split second of shock and silence. That oh-so brief
calm before the storm.
And not a moment after that premonition befell the enemy magicians,
they were surrounded on all sides by a whirling red gale. The flash from the
fissure coiled into a vortex like a tornado that sent them all flying.
“That’s four down.”
Just as Lefille proclaimed, four of the enemy magicians were now down
for the count. They lay twitching on the ground after being blown some
distance away.
Following the lead magician’s orders, the other guards began unleashing
light spells. Blinding flashes shot through the air like laser beams at Lefille,
but she held her ground. She stood in place exactly where she was without
even taking a defensive posture.
The intense light and heat of the spells assailed her, yet she looked
indifferent. With her greatsword still pointed at the ground, she began
marching forward towards her enemies. Seeing her approach like some kind
of invincible monster, the magicians were rightfully shaken.
“E-Eep...”
“O-Our spells have no effect whatsoever? But how...?”
“That power’s... T-Telesma?! I-It can’t be! That woman’s not a human!”
Panic and confusion raced through the enemy line. The guards had never
expected something even more outlandish than a magician would show up.
But as Lefille stood towering in front of them like a proud battlement, there
was a small shadow lurking close by.
They’re taking up positions... by the building...
Accompanied by Howler, Liliana was counting up the enemy magicians
who were lying in wait for their chance to attack. They were currently
behind a crumbling building, building up an impromptu defensive wall with
magicka. It seemed they’d use it for cover as well as a vantage point to
attack Lefille and Felmenia.
Liliana continued to observe them, internally remarking on their
apparent experience fighting with magicka. In her world, such battles were
a much simpler affair. Mages either fought each other in a fair, open
confrontation, or were relegated to the rear lines in order to support
nonmagical combatants. But perhaps that was only inevitable. Not only
were chant-reliant spells the standard for mages there, the very concept of a

ritual encampment was completely foreign to them. The combat they knew
was oversimple compared to the advanced strategies Liliana was witnessing
here.
“Over here! There’s one over here too! Some kid magician!”
At last, Liliana had been noticed. In her world, her invisibility and lack
of spiritual presence would have made her completely undetectable, but it
seemed that wouldn’t quite cut it in this world. Nevertheless, just because
they’d spotted her didn’t mean they stood a chance against her.
Liliana bundled her hands in front of her mouth as if to warm them with
her breath, then whispered a curse into them. It looked as though she was
merely talking to herself, but a viscous black lump took shape in her hands.
She then began modeling the raw malice as if it were clay. Just touching it
was dangerous... Or it would be to anyone but Liliana, who handled it freely
and molded it to her will.
Liliana, you see, had a long history with malice and curses. Ever since
she was a child, the people around her—her parents included—had
showered her with curses. It made her more perceptible and sensitive to
them. She’d even once brought forth an Astaroth, so a small curse like this
was child’s play to her.
“Mr. Crow, Mr. Crow...”
She continued to mutter, as if whispering life into the clay. And with
every word, the curse slowly took the shape of a crow.
“Mr. Crow, Mr. Crow... Your name is Noisy.”
The crow was completely black, right down to its beak and claws. Only
its eyes had a subtle bluish-white tint to them.
“No way... How is she still herself after using magicka like that?”
The enemy magicians watched Liliana in complete astonishment. As
expected, of course. What was happening before their very eyes was
unthinkable, after all.
It was just as Suimei had said when he saved Liliana from the evil hand
of the Astaroth she had summoned. In this world, systems of magicka were
categorized, and the direct use of the double-edged sword of malice—as
with the dark magic of the other world—had long been abandoned as an art.
Anyone would be shocked to see it in this day and age.
Nevertheless, the magicians were too caught up in their encampment
preparations to attack Liliana in time. She’d already finished making Noisy,

and Howler was on the move. The phantom dog’s howl counteracted the
enemies’ defenses, and as they immediately moved to invoke new
magicka...
“CAa■■■AaA■■W!”
Noisy’s indescribably shrill caw interrupted their chants. Even the
magicians who’d already finished theirs failed to invoke their spells.
“What...?”
“The cacophony of the crow’s shriek is obstructing our spells!”
“Switch to gesture-activated spells only! Quickly!”
The magicians tried to overcome, but Howler and Noisy were still on the
move as standalone forces. They did more than just obstruct magicka, you
see. They were also quite capable of direct attacks.
Liliana’s familiars proceeded to flush three magicians in the rear guard
out of their hiding spot, and she then muttered in her usual tottering
fashion...
“This is... how you use... a curse.”
She then once more began kneading a curse, and a palpable change
came over her voice.
“The fasting earth. It rots away and falls into ruin, never to return. All
prayers are severed, all desires vanish, and by the cursing voices that
number as many as the nights, the wintery fields turn to deserts. The voice
of starvation comes from the depths. The voice of thirst comes from the
abyss. Life has fallen. The women lament. But this is only the beginning. It
stands upon the land and pulls the living down to their doom... Void Bog.”
The curse expelled from her mouth crept across the ground like a black
carpet. It pooled under the enemy’s feet, melting the earth into a muddy
bog. The magicians caught in the curse instantly began sinking into its
depths
This was the spell Void Bog, which used the power of a wicked curse
and the energy of the land to seal the magicka of its targets.
“It’s... a burial.”
That cold, tottering pronouncement was the last thing they heard before
the darkness overtook them.
★

“Mrgh... It feels like I ended up on cleanup duty...”
Felmenia grumbled to herself, dissatisfied with the role she was left to
fulfill. She was full of vigor before, eager to save Hydemary and repay her
kindness. But now that the fighting had actually begun, there was far less
competition than she thought there would be. It was rather anticlimactic.
But that was a matter of course. With Lefille’s power of the spirits
dominating the front line and Liliana’s shadowy maneuvering on the rear,
there wasn’t much left for Felmenia to do.
That was how she’d ended up—as she said—on cleanup duty. She was
simply and quietly knocking out the magicians that Lefille hadn’t blown
away.
“Brenn zu Tode!”
[Burn to death!]
They tried to invoke fire magicka to save themselves, but it was no use
against Felmenia.
“Goodness... Shush, shush now. Quietly vanish.”
Using the appropriate mana, the appropriately laid out magicka circle,
and the appropriately worded chant, Felmenia effortlessly negated the
incoming fireball.
“Sh-She’s good...”
The enemy magicians were astonished by Felmenia’s flawless
counterspell. They gritted their teeth in jealous frustration—proof of their
admiration, even if Felmenia didn’t see it that way.
Fire, light, and lightning spells... It’s just as Suimei-dono said.
Suimei had predicted beforehand what magicka the guards would be
relying on: high-temperature fire spells with explosive force, high-
penetration light spells, and high-energy lightning spells. They each had
their own attributes, but they were similar in that they were optimized for
maximum destructive force.
Nevertheless, when one knew what type of magicka they’d be going up
against, dealing with it was easy. That was what made the magicians
Felmenia was facing remarkably inferior to the one she was studying under.
As long as she was careful, even without any special or peculiar powers,
defeating them would be an easy task.
Rather, with Felmenia’s talent and delicacy when it came to magicka...
“That was awfully crude, wasn’t it?”

“...”
Felmenia’s casual comment left the magicians speechless. There was of
course no ill will behind what she said; she was merely commenting on her
observation of the situation. And that was exactly what made the enemy
magicians keenly aware of the difference in ability between them and this
odd girl. They could tell her exasperated words weren’t a provocation. She
was simply stating facts.
Felmenia’s magicka was far more meticulous than theirs, and thus
beautiful in a way that all magicians strived for. They devoted themselves to
the pursuit of that beauty, and its demonstration revealed a magician’s true
abilities.
What followed was a series of offensive and defensive plays, none of
which were particularly of note. The magicians would invoke more spells to
attack Felmenia, and she would safeguard herself. When the chance
presented itself, she would even counterattack, unerringly striking an enemy
magician down every time.
It was just like clockwork. A fight of no real interest at all. Felmenia had
no need to push her mana furnace to its limit. This was far beneath her full
strength. Or rather, this was simply how strong she’d become.
If it had been Felmenia before she met Suimei, she would have
undoubtedly been defeated in an instant. But she was no longer the girl she
used to be. She wasn’t Court Mage Felmenia anymore, but Felmenia the
magician. And now that she too was a magician, foes like this were nothing
before her natural talent and finesse.
It wasn’t long before the enemy magicians who dared to stand against
her were all rendered powerless.
“Mrmrmrgh... This just isn’t enough.”
It was hardly fair to call it a fight, but Felmenia didn’t yet have the
experience in magickal battles to appreciate just how clearly that proved her
superiority.
★
The attack by the three girls was a major shock to the magicians
attempting the ritual. They had caught wind that the Thousand Nights
Association was sending an Enforcer beforehand, but that was information

