probably pissing his pants at the thought that he can’t save people. He’s got
a full-blown messiah complex by nature.”
“What? Isn’t that something different?”
“Hey, boss, you’re gonna go bald if you worry your noggin nitpicking
stupid crap like that all the time, ya know? And a bald virgin really won’t
have a chance.”
“Every... single... god... damn... time...”
Wiegel clearly hadn’t changed in the six months Suimei had been gone.
Suimei did his best not to blow a gasket and managed to keep his cool as
Wiegel cut to the chase.
“So, what do you need today? Pretty sure you’re not here just to gossip
about that asshole.”
“Hmph. Maybe I just came by to say hi.”
“Like hell you did. The day you drop in to say hi is the day the world
ends!”
And as Wiegel loudly barked that...
“Crap! Oh crap!”
“Yakagi’s about to blow up the world!”
“Mommy, save me! I’m gonna get killed by a virgin!”
“Shut your damn traps and go smoke yourselves stupid, you fucking
junkies!”
The other customers in the shop roared with laughter as they made fun
of Suimei. He threatened them briefly before turning back to Wiegel. He
then pulled a package out of his bag and placed it on the table.
“First is this,” Suimei declared.
“That’s...” Liliana nearly gasped.
“Hmm... That an eyeball?” Wiegel asked, peering at it more closely.
“S-Suimei-kun, is that maybe Lily’s...?” Lefille asked in turn.
“Oh? It’s the little lady’s? You sure brought me something nice, didn’t
ya?”
Wiegel inspected the article with keen interest. Suimei pointed a cold
gaze at him as he shoved his hand back into his bag.
“Don’t consider it a treat. I’m not here to please your stupid tastes.
Here’s your fee. Take care of it.”
“Nice doing business with ya!”
Wiegel chuckled to himself as he took the stack of euros Suimei slid

him. Liliana seemed rather uneasy about this whole exchange and looked
up to Suimei nervously.
“What’s he going... to do with it?”
“He’s gonna eat it, along with everything left in it.”
Liliana and Lefille were both left speechless upon hearing this, but they
were both people whose bodies had been steeped in the mysteries. They
knew good and well there was more to it than that.
“You mean to say he’s disposing of the evil within, Suimei-kun?”
“That’s right. There are other ways to do it, but...”
Before Suimei could finish explaining, Wiegel cut in and took over.
“Listen up, ladies. What we call Astaroths are suuuper vindictive beings.
They’re always looking for an opening to take you over. And when that
happens... You follow? You know it wouldn’t be good, don’cha?”
“It’s like... you’re not even... alive.”
“Bingo. You’ve got it. Pretty much everyone who gets surgery done by
that freak Nicolas comes right back to Frankfurt, ya know? Even he needs a
whole lotta time to handle stuff like this.”
At this juncture, Suimei took back over.
“So it’s faster and more certain to dispose of it in this guy’s stomach. It’s
so roiling with chaos in there that not even an Astaroth can stand it.”
There, Wiegel let out a bold laugh. His long, pointed tongue poked out
between his uneven teeth so far that it looked like it could reach past his
lower jaw. In any case, this made it quite clear to the girls what kind of man
Wiegel was. He was far from human, long transformed into something
absurd. It might even be safe to call him a devil at this point—that was the
impression he gave off.
“But... eat it?”
“Literally. He’s gonna eat it. This guy can eat anything.”
He wasn’t picky about how filthy his food was. It didn’t matter if it was
organic or inorganic. He could eat the table in front of him right down to the
ashtray. If he felt like it, he could probably eat the entire shop.
And with that, Wiegel threw the rest of his joint into his mouth and
swallowed it. Watching this, both Lefille and Liliana were left speechless
once more. They realized just how serious Suimei was being when he said
“anything.”
“Now, there’s something else I want to ask you about.”

“Try me. You want the real scoop on that enforcement request that got
sent your way a while back?”
“Huh, so you already know...? Well?”
“Before that... You know I only take payment in advance, don’cha?”
“Yeah, yeah. You never shut up about it.”
Even as Suimei complained about Wiegel’s greediness, he took another
stack of euros from his bag and threw it on the table.
“Hah! Sure is nice having a golden goose.”
“Don’t call me a goose.”
“Oh, come on. Do you have any idea the meager stuff I’ve been living
off of since you’ve been gone? I’ve even had to hold back on the wine with
my meals.”
“It’s your money sense that’s the problem. I bet you only buy the stupid
expensive stuff.”
“My wonderful tongue is ever so rich.”
“Bold talk for the world’s sloppiest eater.”
Suimei took a stab at Wiegel before narrowing his gaze.
“Whatever. So?”
“That info you got is right on the mark. It came from the intelligence
network of the supreme Thousand Nights Association. There’s no need to
doubt it.”
“I see...”
That meant there weren’t any holes in the information Suimei had
received. It seemed almost as if the Thousand Nights Association had set
this up just for him. Why had the target started moving as soon as he came
to Germany? Why was Suimei given such complete information, even in
piecemeal fashion? The details in the letters he’d received from Akitsuki
and Beltria were practically begging him to take action. It was rare, even
outright suspicious, for things to work out so perfectly.
“Oh, and here comes the doll princess now,” Wiegel suddenly
announced.
Suimei turned around upon hearing that and, sure enough, spotted
Hydemary walking in. Felmenia wasn’t with her.
“How’s Menia doing?” Suimei asked.
“Well, she’s calmed down a bit. I had her wait at the entrance to the
alley. So?” Hydemary asked in turn.

“We’re just about to get started.”
“Indeed,” Wiegel interjected. “All the details are written down here.
Why don’t you take it back to the hotel and read through it carefully,
hmm?”
“You sure are prepared,” quipped Suimei.
“This way’s more convenient for you, right? I’m catering to you here.
Cry and thank me for it.”
“Who’s gonna cry?”
Suimei coldly replied to Wiegel’s patronizing attitude before taking a
glance over the papers and putting them in his pocket. Hydemary then
sidled up next to him.
“Hey, let me see too.”
“Huh...? I’ll show you later.”
Suimei seemed reluctant to show Hydemary, who only leaned in closer.
He couldn’t tell what was up with her, but as he was wondering about
exactly that, she raised an irritated voice.
“Why? Do you think I’m so worthless that I can’t even help?”
She apparently took Suimei’s reticence as a sign of distrust. Ordinarily,
she’d just be complaining about how much of a pain the enforcement
requests were, showing no interest or enthusiasm for the job at all. He had
no idea what had been eating her since the other day. This behavior was
odd, even for a fickle child.
“Well?!” she demanded.
“That’s not it,” Suimei replied. “That’s not it at all, but...”
He was troubled by Hydemary’s strange persistence on the matter. She
was getting so worked up about it that she was raising her voice and losing
her temper.
“So what is it then?! Aren’t you the one always saying that we need to
share information to resolve things quickly?!”
“Hey, calm down. What’s with you? You’re never this eager about these
things, right?”
“Not really...”
“Not really...?”
Hydemary turned away in a huff for the umpteenth time over the past
few days. Suimei really couldn’t tell what had her so miffed. He was left
completely befuddled. Even Lefille and Liliana seemed to be at a loss.

Wiegel, however, unexpectedly raised a hand.
“Don’t sweat it, ladies. You could say this is karma biting him in the
ass.”
“Karma? What are you talking about?”
“You’ll understand one day, virgin.”
“I told you to knock that off already!”
In any event, Suimei had now taken care of everything he’d come here
for. He curtly informed Wiegel that he was leaving and turned on his heels.
“See ya, boss. If you run into Kudrack over there again, give him my
regards. Tell him that everything valuable in the world gets put away in
Wiegel the Festunger’s stomach.”
“Yeah, yeah. Anyways, I’ll drop by again before I leave.”
Suimei then headed for the exit, but quickly realized that Hydemary
wasn’t following him.
“Mary?”
“...I’m coming.”
There was an unmistakable pause before she replied. Still pondering her
strange behavior, Suimei left a tip at the bar before stepping outside. When
he did, he suddenly felt an uncomfortable prickling on the back of his neck.
“...”
It wasn’t as bad as what he’d felt when Eanru showed up, or Kudrack
for that matter. But nevertheless, it was an ill omen that only assailed him
when something was about to happen.
★
As it turned out, Suimei’s bad premonition was right on the mark. It
happened early the next morning in the middle of everyone getting ready to
check out of the hotel. Felmenia, who was staying in the room next to
Suimei’s, came knocking on his door in a panic.
“Suimei-dono, Suimei-dono! It’s an emergency!”
Her exact words were muffled through the door, but based on her tone of
voice alone, Suimei could tell something was wrong. And certainly
something more serious than a rogue appliance.
As for Suimei, he’d finished putting together all the information he’d
gathered the night before, and was planning to brief everyone on the

enforcement request this morning. It went without saying this was a terrible
omen.
Hoping deep down that it really was just something stupid, Suimei undid
the chain on the door and opened it. Felmenia was standing just on the other
side, still dressed in her pajamas and with her hair somewhat disheveled
like it had been a few days ago.
“Menia? What’s going on?”
“M-Mary-dono! Mary-dono has disappeared!”
“Hmm? Disappeared? She didn’t just take a step outside or something?”
“No, that doesn’t seem to be the case. I found this when I woke up...”
There, Felmenia held up a piece of paper.
“She left behind a note?” Suimei asked somewhat skeptically.
Felmenia nodded in a meek reply. Suimei then took the note and looked
at it.
I’ll resolve this case.
That was all it said. It was short and to the point, and as soon as Suimei
read it, he dashed back into his room for the memo he’d gotten from
Wiegel. He was certain he’d put it away in his desk drawer last night, but
now it was missing.
“Tch! That idiot...”
“Suimei-dono, does this mean Mary-dono went out to do the job on her
own?”
“I bet that’s exactly what she did. She’s not the type for elaborate
pranks. She definitely went to do it on her fucking own.”
Suimei let out a troubled sigh. He’d never thought Hydemary would
charge off on her own like this, but the real question was why... Why had
she done it? Suimei didn’t understand.
“Um, is Mary-dono always like this?”
“No, this is a first. Whenever requests have come in before, she’s acted
like they weren’t her problem. What’s gotten into her...?”
“Did she perhaps read the contents of the request and sense impending
danger?”
“If that’s the case, then why did she sneak into my room in the first
place? It doesn’t add up.”

Suimei was right; the order of operations was all wrong. He’d been
evasive about the case to begin with, so Hydemary would’ve been
completely in the dark until she snuck into his room to read the letters and
the memo.
That meant, even if Felmenia was right, Hydemary had some other
reason for sneaking into his room. And Suimei didn’t have a clue what that
might be. Moreover, if Felmenia was actually right and Hydemary had
sensed impending crisis, it was more likely she would’ve slapped Suimei
awake rather than running off alone.
But nevertheless, that’s exactly what she’d gone and done. What on
earth had prompted her to tackle this on her own?
“Um, Suimei-dono, what exactly was the request that was entrusted to
you?”
“That’s... The culprits are trying to summon and assimilate a god.”
Unfamiliar with the phrase, Felmenia was left standing there with her
head quizzically cocked to the side.

