Nevertheless, Lefille grasped the wooden sword in her hands and
flashed a hopeful smile. She realized just how beyond her Kiyoshiro was,
which piqued her interest in him as a swordswoman. And just as she took a
stance...
“Hmm? Now that’s something...” Kiyoshiro muttered.
He’d likely figured something out just from seeing her stance. Fighters
ordinarily aimed to strike stances that revealed no openings, but even the
slightest fault allowed Kiyoshiro to see right through someone—an
experienced warrior like Lefille included.
Lefille held the grip of her wooden sword with both hands with her
elbows pressed against her sides. As for Kiyoshiro, he stood there casually
with a wooden sword resting over his shoulder. That was all he was doing.
But the second Lefille stepped forward, their match began.
Yet there was no ferocity in it at all. Rather, both fighters were moving
like this was a light sparring session. Even from Suimei’s perspective,
Lefille hardly seemed like herself. This was far too docile compared to how
she usually overwhelmed her opponent with heavy strikes. And normally,
no matter how much strength she put behind her blows, she would shout out
with each and every swing of her blade.
But her current predicament was Kiyoshiro’s handiwork. No matter how
much strength one put into their sword, no matter how hard one tried to
pressure him with their fighting spirit, the moment Kiyoshiro swung his
blade, his opponent had to move in direct response. They were forced to do
so. If they didn’t, there was no way they could stop him. Lefille’s superior
instinct told her that much.
Lefille gripped her sword with both palms while Kiyoshiro wielded his
singlehandedly. Even using all of her strength, her wooden blade never
reached him. But Kiyoshiro... Whenever he pushed forward, Lefille was
pushed back even when she tried to hold her ground for all she was worth.
This was, of course, not because of the difference in muscular strength
between a man and a woman. Lefille’s physical strength was backed by
supernatural power, and Kiyoshiro wasn’t as delicate a man as his looks
suggested either.
If Lefille’s opponent had been Hatsumi, they would have at least
exchanged a technique or two. But with Kiyoshiro, nary a technique was to
be seen. All Lefille could do was swing her wooden sword and meet the

blows coming at her.
It was a simple match in that regard, but in the most sublime way. When
one studied martial arts and reached this stage of enlightenment, even the
smallest of their movements was supernatural. It was remarkably strange.
Logic couldn’t explain it. It didn’t match their skills. This was the very
height of fighting as an art form, but the scales were completely tilted in
Kiyoshiro’s favor.
As the match played out, surprised voices filled the room.
“I can’t believe she’s held out this long...”
“She’s even pushing back.”
Kiyoshiro’s students knew the preposterous extent of his skills, and
praised Lefille for holding out against him accordingly.
But not too long after that, the fight seemed to reach a breaking point.
Both parties took a few steps backward, gaining distance from one another
while keeping their eyes locked on each other. Kiyoshiro was completely
relaxed, while Lefille was dripping with sweat and panting heavily. Then,
unable to stand any longer, she fell to her knees.
“Suimei-kun... How much time has passed?”
“Maybe five minutes? What, you couldn’t tell?”
“No... My sense of time is a mess.”
That was just how hard she’d been concentrating. It was fatal in battle to
lose all track of one’s surroundings, but even with Lefille’s skill and
experience, that was how intensely she’d had to focus in order to hold her
own against Kiyoshiro.
“Grandmaster, could I ask you for another round?”
“No, take a rest.”
“But I still have...”
“You still have energy to spare? Don’t give me that. You won’t get
stronger just from panicking, you know?”
Kiyoshiro remonstrated Lefille after a moment’s respite. Though she
was full of zeal from their match, she managed to keep her cool and treat
Kiyoshiro with the utmost respect.
“I understand. But I need to get stronger as soon as possible.”
“That’s why you want to cross swords again, even if it’s just once
more?”
“Yes.”

“Well, I get where you’re coming from. But, you know, there’s no
shortcut to getting strong. You still won’t make any progress just
panicking.”
“...”
Lefille was unconvinced. Even if she didn’t show her displeasure, that
much was clear from the look in her eyes. Kiyoshiro could understand this
as well.
“Then let me show you the ultimate blade that anybody can use.”
Very suddenly, Kiyoshiro held his sword above him in an upper stance.
Just an upper stance—a simple, perfectly normal stance. There was nothing
more to it than that. No matter how hard Lefille stared at him, that was all
she could see. He didn’t appear to be concealing some manner of
outrageous technique or spectacular move.
“Grandmaster... You don’t mean to say it’s just a downward strike, do
you?”
“Bingo. That’s exactly it.”
“And you’re saying such a simple strike is the ultimate blade?”
Lefille was skeptical. She looked at Kiyoshiro dubiously, perhaps
wondering if he was making fun of her. Kiyoshiro, however, remained
completely calm.
“Taking such a simple strike to its very extremes is the most difficult
accomplishment of all. Even I haven’t reached that peak. There might be
three people in the entire world who have. Now, behold!”
Kiyoshiro let out a spirited shout; both it and what happened next took
everyone in the dojo completely by surprise. By the time they felt the
illusory sensation of Kiyoshiro’s fighting spirit singing their skin like hot
wind... the tip of his wooden sword was already pointed at the dojo floor.
Even with a magician’s eyes, Suimei couldn’t follow the sword’s
trajectory. It could be described as nothing other than a flash of lightning.
Not even Lefille, who had been standing directly in front of Kiyoshiro, had
been able to react to it.
When exactly had he swung? No, that wasn’t even the right question to
ask. The very moment he’d taken his stance, his swing was a foregone
conclusion.
A vertical slash from top to bottom was the ultimate blade. It was a
strike used by extracting faith from such a belief. Kiyoshiro wasn’t

ridiculing anybody by calling it that, and his sword smashed through all
other preconceptions.
That’s why it was the ultimate blade. It was simple... No, it was simply
unbelievable.
“...”
Lefille stood there dumbfounded like she’d just witnessed a bolt out of
the blue. Was she looking at Kiyoshiro’s hands, or his sword?
“Anyone strong uses this strike. The more you defy the force pulling
your sword toward the ground, the more vigor your blade loses. No matter
what you try to do, it’s impossible to cancel that out entirely.”
Kiyoshiro recited his guidance like a poem, then posed a question to the
dumbfounded Lefille.
“Say, Lefille. When you watched that just now, could you see yourself
doing the same thing? You couldn’t, right? That means you don’t have the
proper groundwork to even imagine it.”
“Th-That’s...”
“To extrapolate, you’re not doing what you should be doing. You’re
trying to learn what I used in a single bound, and while in your current state
no less. When you act so recklessly, you’ll lose sight on the path of the
blade.”
“B-But... I have to get stronger. Is it wrong to desire such a thing?”
“Well, you see... When you reach your level, the question at hand is no
longer as simple as what kind of training you should be doing or what goal
you should be setting for yourself. That’s why...” Kiyoshiro paused there for
a moment, then continued with conviction, “You shouldn’t be searching for
answers to simple questions like what you could or should be doing. Even if
you find an answer and begin chasing it, it’s nothing more than a mare’s
nest of your own making. That won’t get you anywhere. If you wish to seek
a goal, then you should change your mindset.”
“My... mindset?”
“That’s the other problem with your sword. Your refusal to lose is too
strong, see?”
“That’s... true.”
Lefille acknowledged Kiyoshiro’s observation. Just as he’d said, Lefille
was determined to win the fight she had ahead of her. It was only natural
that her refusal to lose was stronger than ever.

“The long-cherished ambition of all swordsmen is to die by the sword.
They spend all their days thinking about the sword, and they don’t consider
their lives complete until they die fighting. And if you’re not ready to die by
the blade at any time, you’ll never truly become strong. That’s why
swordsmen are endlessly optimistic and bask in elegance. It’s so that they
can leave this world with no regrets whenever their time does come. Have
you ever known anyone like that?”
“...”
Lefille was at a loss for words, and with good reason. There was
someone who came to mind immediately: Rumeya Tails. She was the
closest swordmaster to Lefille, and certainly enjoyed her fair share of
optimism and elegance. Kiyoshiro seemed to pick up on Lefille’s reaction
and flashed a bold smile.
“So you do know one, huh? Then you should understand what I’m
telling you.”
After saying that, Kiyoshiro held his wooden sword sideways and made
an unprompted remark.
“The mindset of a swordsman before a match is to become one with
their blade. There is no room for leisures like victory or defeat. The moment
you stand before your enemy, you cast yourself aside. The more you fear
defeat, the more it will hold you back. And when you can no longer move
forward at all, your blade will never reach your enemy no matter what you
do. That’s the kind of situation that drives you to recklessness, isn’t it?”
“?!”
Kiyoshiro’s analysis was harshly accurate. Lefille had in fact been
fixated on victory until now and subsequently quite reckless in battle.
Unable to push forward, she took risk after risk to seize victory, claiming
her life was worthless all the while.
“How’s that? Makes sense, right? The root of your panic isn’t the fact
that you make light of your own life, but rather the fact that you make light
of how you use your life.”
Lefille’s arms dangled languidly at her sides. Kiyoshiro had hit the
bullseye in such a way that it was hard for Lefille to acknowledge. It was
true that she’d fought many a battle downplaying the value of her life. And
it was in doing so that she’d slipped off the proper path of swordsmanship
—more concerned about victory than her blade.

In short, that was the difference mindset made. A real swordsman was
prepared to risk their life, and anyone else panicked at the very thought. “If
I do that, I’ll lose. If I do this, I’ll lose.” Such thoughts and fears become an
obstruction that kept a swordsman from fighting the way they should.
Become one with the sword and welcome death.
Such is the mindset of a true swordsman, and the path they follow to
attain victory.
“That mindset may contradict your way of life. However, if you want to
win by the sword, you’ll need to cut yourself free of all such hesitation.
You’ll spend your life not just to win, but to win by the sword. Fearing what
comes after your death isn’t cowardice; it’s apathy.”
After declaring that to be the key tenet of swordsmanship, Kiyoshiro
suddenly took on a relaxed posture.
“Now, to wrap things up, let me show you my serious side.”
No sooner than those words left his mouth, a pressure blew through the
room that far surpassed the hot wind of the fighting spirit he’d displayed
earlier. This felt more like a force that crushed all in its path, condensed into
a single wave like a tsunami. Even as a high grand class magician fortified
by the mysteries, Suimei was experiencing vertigo under the swordsman’s
pressure.
Meanwhile, Lefille fell to the floor. Taking a look at her, she was
trembling as if she’d seen dread incarnate. It was the unmistakable fear of
witnessing the very peak of swordsmanship.
But after a moment, Kiyoshiro readily dispersed his pressure and
cracked a smile.
“After swinging my sword for thirty-odd years, I finally reached this
stage. The man I admired was like this around the time he was Suimei’s
age, but he was an exception even among exceptions.”
“Will I... also be able to reach that stage too?”
Kiyoshiro let out a tired sigh at Lefille’s question.
“Before we get to that... Your approach is all wrong. Why do you think
you can’t get stronger? With your power, it shouldn’t be all that hard to do,
right? It should be way easier for you than it was for me, who only had
questionable talent to begin with. Granted, that’s only if you continue down
your path properly without giving up on your...”
Kiyoshiro paused there for a moment, then looked to Suimei upon

