choker, embroidery, and other flashy details. Her face was also quite fair
and sweet—two words that fit her like a glove.
“Oh, hey, Hatsuhana.”
Hatsuhana was a Society-affiliated magician whose day job was stage
magic. She worked as something like a mix between an idol and a magician
in Japan. Suimei called her by the stage name, Hatsuhana Tenki, that
countless people knew her by. She was famous enough that her autographs
ran for tens of thousands of yen. In spite of her fame, she always took a
respectful attitude with Suimei... but she was clearly agitated right now.
“Don’t just ‘oh, hey’ me! What’s going on here?!” she shouted near
frantically.
“Don’t ask me,” Suimei replied noncommittally. “What are you doing
here anyway?”
“I called Hime-chan here. We can’t handle this on our own,” explained
Hydemary.
“Mary-chan’s familiar suddenly came to me, and this is what I get for
coming! Hey, you there! Don’t cut in line! I’ll burn you!”
Hatsuhana’s blazing eyes flared with a red glow as she made a rather
violent threat. She specialized in fire magicka and was an expert in
undodgeable attacks. Her magicka could rival even the draconic eye.
“Ooh! Combustion magicka!”
“Burn me!”
With that, idiots began crawling out of the woodwork and Hatsuhana
dealt with them accordingly. But as word of the spectacles at hand
somehow began spreading, even more magicians were swarming in. At this
rate, the situation at hand could easily spiral out of control.
Sensing that headache coming on, Suimei walked over to Lefille. Even
though she was just comfortably sitting in a chair, she looked exhausted.
Her dim eyes were like those of a dead fish. But perhaps that was only
expected considering the bizarre situation she’d been thrust into.
“Hey, uh, Lefille...”
“Suimei-kun... What’s going on here? Why am I being treated like this?”
“Do you even need to ask? It’s ’cause you’re a spirit.”
“I never thought it’d be this bad...”
Lefille had heard it more than once now, but spirits no longer existed in
this world. They’d all left, and because of that, a massive number of

magicians coveted data on them. Furthermore, Lefille wasn’t just any spirit;
she was half spirit, half human. Such a rare specimen would be difficult to
find even searching all the way back to the age of gods.
So, in spite of the chaos, things could have turned out much worse. If
Lefille had gone to any other organization, she might have been detained
for all kinds of cruel experimentation against her will. The people of the
Society were unusually upstanding in that regard, given the organization’s
ideals.
Nevertheless, as Suimei stepped to the forefront of the crowd, the
gathered magicians turned their focus on him.
“Is this girl someone you brought here, Master Suimei?!”
“Lord Yakagi! It’s unfair to monopolize such a goldmine of mysteries
and keep it all to yourself!”
“Master! Are your house specialties not Kabbalah magicka, divine
communication, and regulation?! When did you begin studying spiritualism,
séances, and spirits?!”
“Collaborative research! I propose we do some collaborative research!
I’ll personally fund the budget!”
“Aah, damn it! Shut up! All of you, calm down!”
Suimei found all the clamoring too much to bear and blew up at his
fellow magicians. But alas, they were magicians first and foremost. It
would take more than just getting yelled at for them to pass up a research
opportunity like this
“Like we could possibly calm down!”
“Yeah! There’s no way I’m getting any sleep tonight!”
“Aaaaah! Mistress!”
The swarm of excited magicians showed no signs of relenting, but
Suimei was on a schedule. There was no way he was going to let his
colleagues slow him down today.
“You all hear me?! We’ve got places to go, so knock it off already! I’m
begging you! What we have ahead of us is going to be exhausting enough
as it is!”
“What?! Where are you going?!”
“You’ve got something exhausting to go do?!”
“Boo to monopolies! Booooo!”
The swarming magicians began conspiring together, surrounding Suimei

in unified protest. They were also looking at Felmenia and the others with
prying eyes, curious as to what exactly it was that they were getting up to
next.
“I’m telling you, I’ve gotta get going! I have to go see that monster of a
mystery geek!”
“Erk!”
“Oooh...”
That single phrase had the magicians pulling back like a wave. Their
reaction was so extreme that the anxieties of Suimei’s visitors suddenly
peaked. The first who dared to ask was Lefille.
“What’s with their reaction...? I’m starting to get really worried.”
“I’m worried too, damn it.”
“Suimei-dono? Where exactly are we going?”
“We’re getting someone to look at Liliana’s eye.”
Liliana’s shoulders jolted upon hearing that. The magicians all shifted
their attention to her, and Suimei nodded solemnly. When he did, his
colleagues’ gazes all became sympathetic at the same time. Even Liliana
noticed it.
“I’m... really... really... worried.”
“It’s alright. Don’t worry. It’ll be fine. Probably... Maybe...”
In the end, Suimei was unable to reassure her with confidence.
★
After breaking through the siege of magicians, Suimei and the girls
somehow or other managed to escape the lobby. Once they were free,
Suimei led them to a certain laboratory within the castle. They went through
a completely meaningless hidden door in the western wing of Alto Schloss
and headed down a set of stairs to the basement where they found an old-
fashioned wooden door. Just beyond it lay the lab belonging to a magister
class magician who was one of the oldest members of the Society.
Suimei referred to him as the monster professor, but he wasn’t the only
one who thought that way. Almost every Society magician called him a
monster. But the moniker wasn’t for his hideous looks. Rather, it was
because he was a mad scientist who liked to surprise people and play pranks
on them. It had earned him quite a reputation.

The only reason Suimei was voluntarily coming to see him was
precisely what he’d said in the lobby: to help Liliana. Suimei had personally
managed to calm down her demonized eye to an extent using spiritual
treatment, but he couldn’t heal it completely.
That was why Suimei had decided to bring Liliana to a specialist. He’d
mentioned the so-called professor to Felmenia and the other girls a few
times back in their world. But while the professor’s skills were second to
none, just as the reaction of the magicians in the lobby implied... There was
still plenty to be concerned about.
Suimei stood in front of the wooden door and used the ouroboros-shaped
knocker. A man’s voice quickly responded from within...
“Oohoohoo! Come right in, dearies!”
It left the visitors from another world with knitted brows.
And practically as soon as they stepped inside, the professor—a Western
man with a plump build, bowl cut, glasses, lab coat, and a defining wart on
his face—demonstrated immense interest in Lefille. He took on a
triumphant pose with both fists in the air.
“TELESMAAAAAAAA! My stars, dearie me! No magician could
possibly hide their excitement over this!”
Right after yelling that, the monster professor started chasing Lefille
around while wriggling his fingers about... After several minutes of this, it
wasn’t clear if he was listening to Suimei talk or if he was exclusively
focused on chasing Lefille. Lefille couldn’t even lose the professor by
turning into a red gale—his strangely agile movements belied his plump
body.
“Sensational! Splendiferous! What a superbly stupendous ability! More!
I need to know more! I must study this mooooore!”
“Y-You pervert! Stop moving your hands in such a lecherous way first!”
“But I’m super, duper, ultra interested in you! I want you to be my test
subject! Just for a bit! Just a teensy-weensy, little, tiny bit—by my
standards, of course!”
“Never!”
“No need to be so shy, dearie-lou! I have a great reputation for being
gentle, if I do say so myself!”
“Like I could trust that information coming from you!”
Lefille was screaming in protest, but the professor looked as determined

as he did enthusiastic. Their little game of incomprehensible tag through the
room filled with tanks and test tubes looked like it would go on forever... So
Suimei took the cue to finally step in and put a stop to things.
“Professor... Could you please stop joking around already?”
“This is no joke, dearie boy! I’m as super serious as I always seriously
am!”
“This is sort of beneath you, right, Professor? So, please, listen to what I
have to say instead.”
Or so Suimei pleaded, but the professor’s interest hadn’t abated in the
least.
“Now, now, now! Not so fast, Suimei-kun! She’s a living, breathing
spirit! She’s half human, half spirit, and 100 percent the stuff that
fantabulous dreams are made of!”
“Yeah, but... I’d really like to get down to business, if you don’t mind.”
Suimei started to get irritated, and the monster professor took on an
exaggerated fighting stance in response.
“Then it’s on!”
“Argh, damn it all! What’s on?!”
“A match, of course! With magicka, dear boy! If you win, I’ll consider
maybe getting ready to potentially listen to what you have to say! But the
odds are a big fat noodly zero for you, so do your best, I say!”
“I don’t even have the tiniest chance?!”
That much was obvious. They were in entirely different leagues as
magicians. The professor was well over ten times Suimei’s age, and
experience meant strength to a magician. There were devastatingly few
things Suimei stood a chance of beating him at.
Both Felmenia and Liliana were stunned into silence by the professor’s
bizarre behavior. After watching him chase Lefille around in circles, they
were absolutely slack-jawed at his dizzying roller coaster of activity as he
moved on to teasing Suimei.
As for Suimei, he was left panting through ragged breaths without
having moved an inch. But once the professor had had his fun with Suimei,
he turned his attention to the other two girls.
“It’s about time for introductions, methinks. I’m the proprietor of this
here underground laboratory. Everyone here at the Society calls me ‘master’
or ‘professor’ or so on and so forth.”

“A-A pleasure to meet you. My name is Felmenia.”
“I’m... Liliana. Nice... to meet you.”
“...”
Even after Felmenia and Liliana introduced themselves, Lefille kept on
her guard.
“No need to be so scary-wary of me, red-haired missy. As Suimei-kun
said, that was just a teensy joke. We were just having a bit of fun.”
“Really...?”
“No, don’t listen to him, Lefi. This monster will get you to lower your
guard, and then immediately make you regret it.”
“Oooh, Suimei-kun! You’re spoiling the fun, dearie boy!”
Suimei stood defensively in front of Lefille, and Hydemary nodded in
admiring approval.
“Now that’s Suimei-kun for you. Solid advice from a constant victim.”
“If you think so, why don’t you save me?”
“Nope. Impossible.”
His disciple’s heartless response was just the same as it ever was in this
situation. But Suimei was used to it by now, and thus turned to face the
professor once more.
“So, Professor...”
“Oh, I know, dearie boy. You’re absolutely, positively, most definitely
here about this little girlie’s eye. And oh me, oh my... You’ve had such a
hard time, haven’t you?”
Before anyone knew it, the professor was right next to Liliana stroking
her head. Nobody had seen him move. Not even the wary Liliana had
noticed in time to react.
“You can tell...?” she asked, looking up at the professor.
“Why yes, dearie-lou. The only reason little Suimei-kun ever comes to
see me is to say hi or to ask me for something... And, of course, when I play
teensy-weensy pranky-yankies on him.”
“I have to say, it’s usually the latter.”
“But of course, of course it is! Anyhoosies, your little eye is the only
possible reason for his visit todaisy-waisy.”
The professor had readily identified the reason for Suimei’s visit, but in
truth this came as no surprise. The insight of a seasoned magician was
simply that uncanny.

