“Well, can you do it, Professor?”
“What nonsense are you asking, Suimei-kun? The word ‘impossible’
isn’t in my dictionary! And get this—if you act now, I’ll throw in the power
to shoot mana beams from your eye!”
“What?! No! No add-ons! This ain’t a dealership!”
“No can do, my boy. My policy is to put 110 percent into absolutely,
positively everything. So eye beams and hand drills it is! Ooh, and
caterpillar track legs! Only the greatest upgrades! Oh, but it’s so hard to
discard the idea of weapons themed after tools...”
Dangerous idea after dangerous idea kept flying from the professor’s
mouth. It was no longer clear that he was actually listening to anyone. And
once all this began to set in, Felmenia looked quite worried.
“Um, Suimei-dono... Will Lily really be alright?”
“She’ll be fine. Just... Yeah, no. She’ll be fine.”
“What does... that mean?”
Liliana looked more worried than anyone—and royally confused.
Suimei couldn’t say much more than that. The professor was indeed
superlatively serious when he put his mind to it, but his present behavior
made that incredibly difficult to believe.
“Okay, let’s get this done in a spiffy jiffy! Don’t worry! It won’t even
take an hour!”
“What about an examination? I brought the diagnosis I wrote up.”
“Oh, tut. There’s no need for that. I’ve already done my examination and
we can proceed at once.”
The professor said he’d done his examination, but Suimei hadn’t noticed
him do anything of the sort. His skill really was far beyond understanding,
or at least beyond the understanding of someone on Suimei’s level.
“Liliana, did he do anything to you?”
“I didn’t... sense anything.”
“Just who do you think I am, dearies? My glasses and lab coat and
haircut aren’t just for show, you know!”
“None of those really have anything to do with this, right? Can’t you at
least brag about your career and your abilities as a magician?”
“No way, no how! That’s sooo boorish! Oh, but goodness me! I almost
forgot. I do want to grade your examination, Suimei-kun, so just leave your
diagnosis somewhere on that table over there. ’Kay?”

Suimei followed the professor’s instructions and placed the notes he’d
taken while treating Liliana atop a pile of assorted papers and pens on the
table. It was such a mess that it gnawed at Suimei’s urge to tidy up, but he
couldn’t deny there was such a thing as an organized mess... In the end, he
refrained from touching anything.
“Okay, this way, Miss Gothy-Eyepatch & Twintails.”
“Please don’t... say things... like Suimei did... when we first met.”
“Well, how rude of me. That puts me on Suimei-kun’s level. How
horrid. Anytoodle-loo, just step into that room right over there.”
“What room...?”
The professor pointed to the wall, where a door suddenly manifested. It
was such a fishy phenomenon that it had even Suimei rubbing his brow.
“Don’t tell me you just made that room right now...”
“Well, of course I did!”
The professor acted as if that were only obvious, but it couldn’t have
been more unclear. His giggling was just far too suspicious.
“Please take care of her, Professor.”
Suimei made sure to emphasize that part, but suddenly found Hydemary
giving him some rather serious side-eye.
“My, how courteous of you. Quite a big difference from how you treat
me.”
“What?”
She’d taken an abruptly thorny tone. And as Suimei turned to face her,
she closed in rapidly.
“Isn’t it? You haven’t coached me at all lately, and you won’t even tell
me about that enforcement request.”
“That’s... I’m sorry your coaching has stalled, but the request was
addressed to me, you know?”
“So you can’t tell me about it? Even though you always make me help?”
“There’s a lot going on, okay? We’ll talk later, so just hang on until
things have calmed down.”
“Really? This isn’t just an excuse to cut me out of the picture?”
“Why would I even— What’s gotten into you?”
Suimei found her behavior beyond strange, but she offered no
explanation. She simply turned away in a huff.
“Hmph!”

“Hey...”
With that, it was clear she had nothing more to say to Suimei. Taking
this as a sign that it might be time for them to step in, a concerned Felmenia
and Lefille approached Hydemary.
“Um, Mary-dono?”
“Is something the matter?”
Yet for some reason, the one to answer their questions was the professor.
“No need to worry. Just a lovers’ quarrel, dearies.”
“It is not! Don’t go stirring crap up!”
Suimei snapped at the professor as he casually ushered Liliana to the
other room. He really did enjoy teasing Suimei, and cackled all the way
there. But, personal slights aside, this meant Liliana’s operation would
begin shortly. With that, the curse that she’d suffered all this time would
finally be remedied... and Suimei was at last able to let out an irrepressible
sigh of relief.
★
The day after visiting Society HQ, Suimei and the girls were walking
through a train station in Frankfurt.
With Liliana’s surgery out of the way, Suimei had wrapped up his
business at Alto Schloss and stopped in for the night at a suite in a certain
hotel in Frankfurt. After his visitors from another world watched him
explain the benefits of tipping the porter with dubious eyes, next on the
docket was heading out to fulfill another of Suimei’s objectives in
Germany.
Liliana’s surgery—a cause for concern, however minor—had been a
resounding success and she was already stable enough to be up and around.
Normally that would be unthinkable the day after such a major operation...
But that was just one of the perks of being treated by such a talented
magician-cum-surgeon. It was essentially outpatient surgery. Liliana looked
to be in perfectly good health, her steps so light that no one would have
ever guessed she was in recovery.
Walking next to Suimei, Liliana lifted a hand to shield her gaze from the
reflection of the sun beaming off the surrounding buildings. Taking note of
this, Suimei turned to her curiously.

“How’s your eye, Liliana?”
“Good. I don’t... feel any problems.”
Her tone was the same as it ever was. Both mystically and physically,
she appeared to be just fine. Her violet hair swayed behind her the same
way it always did as she tottered along. And everyone who passed by the
little girl in a gothic lolita dress beheld her lone visible eye with great
interest.
That’s right; her lone visible eye. Liliana was still wearing her eyepatch.
“Hey, can’t you take that off now?”
“The professor said... I can’t...”
“Hmm?”
Suimei raised a questioning eyebrow, and Liliana simply replied...
“Apparently... if I take this off... I would lose something called my eye-
den-tee-tee.”
“Your... identity? That damn monster of a professor... You’ve got a
proper artificial eye in there, right?”
The artificial eye Suimei was referring to functioned like a perfectly
normal eye. It was impossible to create such a superior prosthetic with
modern-day medical technology as it was, but magicians and their
supernatural techniques loved to give life to the supposedly impossible.
“Yes,” Liliana replied with a nod. “The professor... apparently...
implanted one. It actually works... pretty well.”
Suimei was glad to hear that, but Liliana’s vision wasn’t the only thing
he was worried about.
“Hey, Liliana. He didn’t add any weird functions, did he?”
“He... did.”
“Th-That damn monster...”
Suimei had reiterated that the professor was specifically not to include
any extras, but his instructions had apparently gone unheeded. If the
professor had done anything weird to Liliana, it was Suimei’s duty as her
guardian to protest.
“It’s... okay. It’s apparently something called... a mystic eye.”
Those words caught Felmenia’s interest.
“What manner of ability does it have, Lily?!”
“It performs actualization on sight... apparently.”
“Actualization on... Uhhh...”

Felmenia couldn’t wrap her head around it with only that much to go on,
and stood there making an unusually blockheaded expression.
“Actualization on sight...? What? Like ghost sight?” Suimei muttered
before looking to Hydemary, who was a treasure trove of knowledge.
“Judging from the nuance, it’s probably something similar,” she said
with a shrug.
“Suimei, you know that the mages... back home... can’t really see...
spiritual beings... right?”
“Yeah, I know that much.”
The other world had very concrete threats to mankind in the form of
monsters and demons, so the idea of seeing more spiritual existences was
quite foreign to them. That was why they were so oblivious and vulnerable
to dark magic and the shadow of the Astaroth.
However, with the right actualization, they would be able to see such
beings for themselves... meaning that if one were to forcefully manifest in
the present world, it would theoretically be easier to repulse it. It was a
nearly ideal ability for Liliana, who was an easy target for such existences.
“So now you’re able to observe them? He sure put some thought into
this...” Suimei muttered.
“Even though he’s usually all over the place...” Hydemary muttered in
turn.
“Yeah. If only he could do something about that.”
Suimei and Hydemary agreed on that point, but in truth, the professor’s
eccentricity was likely impossible to correct. He’d lived this way for nearly
three hundred years, after all.
As Suimei pondered such thoughts, he glanced over at Hydemary when
the conversation reached a lull. She was in quite a foul mood yesterday, but
today she seemed back to normal. Perhaps she’d just been irritated after all
the commotion in the lobby?
“What?” Hydemary asked upon noticing Suimei looking at her.
“Nothing,” he immediately replied.
“Oh?”
Suimei casually brushed off the fact that he had indeed been staring at
her, and proceeded down the sidewalk leading away from the station. The
group followed suit. After eventually getting far enough to see some
landmarks, Lefille took a good look around.

“So, where are we headed?” she asked.
“The usual place, right?” Hydemary asked in turn.
“The usual?” Lefille inquired, one eyebrow raised.
“Yeah,” Suimei replied. “A shop we go to all the time. We’re going to
buy some intel.”
Suimei’s goal today was to gather information. He needed more
intelligence on the enforcement request that had been entrusted to him, and
he knew exactly the broker to get it from. The vast majority of enforcement
requests from the Thousand Nights Association contained the basic
assignment and nothing more. The Enforcer entrusted with the job was
expected to do the rest of the legwork themselves. That was just how short
on hands the Association was.
“Come to think of it... It seems like they sent way more letters than usual
this time,” mused Hydemary.
“Yeah, but we’re going for the bigger picture today,” Suimei countered.
“Going to an information broker to get more than the Association could
officially provide just seems iffy.”
“That’s just how good this guy’s intel is.”
Eventually, the group arrived at a certain alleyway. The further in they
went, the heavier the air felt. It was like moisture made of murky darkness
was all around them. If a normal person were to wander this way, they
would surely be assaulted by nausea and leave. That was just how sickening
it felt.
And perhaps because the dank stench of it had begun to waft the group’s
way, Lefille grimaced.
“That’s quite an awful smell...”
“It’s... a type of drug... to stimulate excitement... right?”
Liliana identified the effect of the smoke just by sniffing it. She’d likely
acquired this manner of knowledge during her tenure as a spy in her home
world. It was true that the patrons of the cannabis cafe tended to favor
sativa strains, so Liliana was surprisingly on the mark. The stinging in the
back of Suimei’s nose when he unwittingly breathed some of the smoke in
told him that much.
“This way.”
Suimei beckoned the girls further into the alley, and the visitors from
another world followed him warily. In contrast, Hydemary was rather blasé

