at Suimei with a jovial, lenient look.
“Hahaha! Even I never expected you to straight-up disappear from the
world entirely.”
Nettesheim didn’t give off the slightest hint of severity in his demeanor.
On the contrary, he happily chatted with Suimei as if this were no more than
idle gossip. Suimei, on the other hand, replied with a slight air of tension
about him.
“Meaning you knew I’d truly gone missing?”
“You’re one of my children. You didn’t think I’d look for you?”
Nettesheim saw the magicians of the Society as his own children. Man,
woman, young or old... It didn’t matter; they were all his children. The only
exceptions were his brethren: two compatriots from the same era from
which he hailed.
In any event, the news that Nettesheim had gone searching for Suimei
troubled him. As such, he bowed his head apologetically.
“I’m truly sorry for all the trouble I caused.”
“It’s fine, it’s fine. It was an act of god this time, right? There’s no need
for you to apologize.”
“But regardless, even if divinity was involved, getting caught in the
invocation of someone else’s magicka is unbecoming of a high grand class
magician. As such, the responsibility for my failures on this occasion should
—”
“Mr. Suimei.”
“Yes...?”
Nettesheim’s voice resounded with such power that it allowed for no
argument. Suimei raised his head upon suddenly hearing his name called,
and was met with two pitch-black eyes staring right at him. But when
Nettesheim saw Suimei’s face, he smiled gently at him.
“I’m just glad you’re alright.”
“I don’t deserve such consideration...”
Suimei bowed deeply at the leader’s kind words. This was the kind of
magician he truly was. He was superlatively tolerant, accepting of anyone
and everyone. It was this facet of him, though entirely unsuitable for a
magician, that attracted people to him. It was, no doubt, how the Society
had come to exist on such a prolific scale.
But in a sudden turn, Nettesheim flashed an innocent smile once more.

“Anyways, I’d like to hear more about what happened to you. In a sense,
this could be good news for us, even if it was an act of god. Right?”
Nettesheim seemed to be referring to the teleportation between worlds.
Suimei had indirectly referenced it in his letter, but had yet to give a
detailed explanation. Nettesheim was curious and urging him to tell him
more about it, just like a child with a new toy.
So from there, Suimei explained what had happened. About how he was
teleported to another world, about how they used a system of magicka there
that made use of the spirits called Elements, about how he’d fought against
beings called demons that were created by an evil god... Everything. And
once he was finished with his grand tale, he realized Nettesheim was quietly
stifling a laugh.
“Pfft, heh heh...”
“What?”
Nettesheim’s smile was a cheerful one... but one Suimei had never seen
before. His smile usually had a sense of innocence to it, but the smile on his
face now had an eerie quality to it characteristic of those steeped in the
mysteries. Unwittingly frightened, Suimei gulped. At this, Nettesheim
stopped laughing.
“So we’ve made progress. It’s been hundreds of years of nothing, but
here we finally have something.”
“You mean to say this could lead to a development?”
“Indeed, I do. Mr. Suimei, you truly are amusing. Mr. Kazamitsu was
too, but you’re truly extraordinary.”
“Does the existence of another world bring us closer to accomplishing
our goal?”
“I do wonder about that, but at the very least, some hope has come into
sight. Either way, this means another dimension exists.”
The Society’s ideals placed a lot of emphasis on the parallel worlds
mentioned in the Akashic Records and the possibilities that they could bring
into being. If parallel worlds existed, then so too did infinite possibilities.
Somewhere in the universe, there was a world where every single person
could be saved... And that hope alone was enough to deny absolute
misfortune.
No one likes a bad ending; everyone would prefer to see things come to
a neat, happy end... especially when it involves your own life or the lives of

the ones you love. To that end, we all strive for the best we can achieve.
And should the existence of parallel worlds be proven, misfortune could no
longer be written off as fate. There would be a place in the universe for
everyone, meaning there wasn’t a single soul that couldn’t be saved. The
Society was a gathering of like-minded magicians who sought exactly that
in defiance of all other bad endings.
“Also, I’m curious about those demons you mentioned. Are they
anything like the ones that come up in fantasy novels?”
Nettesheim was indeed curious about the demons of the other world, but
Suimei shook his head in reply.
“No, they’re basically only called demons out of convenience. In truth,
they’re a different race created by an evil god. They look like a mishmash
of beasts and insects, and their sinister existence serves no purpose other
than evil.”
“Sinister existence, huh? I picture something a little murkier when I hear
that...”
Nettesheim was likely reminded of beings like the Astaroth that had
appeared when Suimei saved Liliana; beings that inspired psychological
revulsion. Suimei tried picturing the same thing in his own mind, but he
really couldn’t imagine what the leader had seen for himself. Nevertheless,
there was something he understood implicitly from this little exchange.
“If the sinister threat you just imagined were to truly run wild, I believe
it would spell the immediate end of the world.”
“How scary, huh?”
Nettesheim’s reaction was far too casual. Suimei narrowed his gaze
suspiciously, wondering if he was fazed at all... Not that there was likely
anything in the world that could truly frighten Nettesheim to begin with.
But as Suimei beheld him dubiously, Nettesheim flashed an impish smile.
“Say, Mr. Suimei, how about using that teleportation circle you created
to send a whole buncha magicians over there and really mess things up?”
“What are you even talking about? You have nothing to gain by doing
so, right?”
Suimei was getting a headache from Nettesheim’s suddenly joking
attitude.
“Hmm? So you’re not gonna get agitated over that, huh?”
“I mean, you don’t have any actual interest in the magicka circle or the

other world itself, right?”
“Essentially. What I’m interested in is the existence of another world—
nothing more.”
Nettesheim’s answer was pretty much what Suimei had expected. There
was no way this man, who wished for the happiness of all people, would
really do such a thing.
“Is there anything else you need?” Nettesheim asked in a slightly more
serious tone.
“Just one thing. I’d like to ask you about Lord Gottfried,” Suimei
replied.
There, Nettesheim stared back at Suimei in wonder.
“Now there’s a name I haven’t heard in some time... Are you referring to
the same Gottfried I’m thinking of?”
“The very one.”
“What about him?”
“I met him in the other world.”
“Now that I think of it, he also suddenly disappeared without a trace. I
see... So that’s what happened.”
Nettesheim quickly unraveled the mystery behind his sudden
disappearance, looking fully convinced of the answer he’d arrived at.
“You say you met him, but from the sound of it, that’s not all there was
to it, right?”
“That’s right. Lord Gottfried is planning something over there, and he’s
standing in our way.”
“Hmm, I see. Then you’re in for a fight.”
Nettesheim cut to the heart of the matter, and Suimei gave an affirmative
nod. He didn’t need to say much more when Nettesheim had already
anticipated what he needed.
“First thing’s first, you can’t fight properly over there, can you?”
“No... I can’t.”
Suimei was surprised for a moment, but only for a moment considering
who he was talking to. There was no way the man known as the Magicka
King couldn’t predict something related to mystical laws. But now that he
was finally getting to the crux of his visit, Suimei took on the attitude of a
proper disciple and sat up straight.
“The reason for my visit today was to apologize for my prolonged

absence from the Society and to get permission to return to the other world
once more. It was also to ask for guidance so that I can confront the threats
that await me there, including Lord Gottfried.”
“I understand. There was nothing that could’ve been done about your
summoning, given the interference from a higher power. I also understand
that you have to go back to settle things. Indeed...”
“Then...”
Suimei’s expression lightened up upon hearing what sounded like a
favorable response. However, guidance for proceeding down the path of
magicka wasn’t so easy going.
“I’ll have some books regarding Ars Combinatoria prepared for you.
Take those and research them. As for the power to fight... It’s no fun simply
having the answer handed to you, is it?”
It was perfectly natural for magicians to unveil any mysteries on their
own, so it virtually went without saying that there would be no easy
answers for Suimei. The fact that Nettesheim was willing to prepare books
for him meant that they would be dense grimoires that would require
intense study to reveal their secrets. But as for advice when it came to
fighting in another world...
“I’ll give you a hint. Let’s see... Take a look at Cross Dimension,
summoning, and barrier magicka.”
Hearing this, Suimei raised a brow.
“Cross Dimension...? You mean his magicka?”
“Yup. It’s because of that that he was easily able to establish himself as a
magician even in this other world, right?”
Cross Dimension was the magicka that the man in the demon army,
Lishbaum—or rather, the Greed of Ten, Kudrack the Ghosthide—
specialized in. He was able to use Phase Severance at full power in the
other world despite it being a spell crafted in this one, meaning he wasn’t
restricted despite being a magician there.
And based on Nettesheim’s hint, there was some answer behind the
combination of Cross Dimension, summoning, and barrier spells. Was it
magicka that made use of all of them? Or perhaps something that utilized
components of each one?
“It’s not something you need to think so hard about, you know? What
you’re really tripping over is the fact that the magicka of this world doesn’t

work the way you want it to over there.”
“Yes.”
“So...” Nettesheim paused briefly before cutting to the heart of the
matter. “You just have to make over there... over here.”
“...?”
Suimei couldn’t digest that on the spot and grimaced, at which
Nettesheim chuckled.
“Mr. Suimei, the theory is very simple. It’s just that one substitution.”
“The simpler the theory, the more complicated the technique...”
“Yup. That’s how it goes.”
Nettesheim gave a grandiose nod. He’d likely already decoded the real
answer for himself, so all that was left for him was to poke fun at his slow
disciple. He really had a good personality.
“That’s all the hints you’ll be getting for me. Figure out the rest on your
own.”
“Understood. Thank you very much for your guidance.”
Suimei bowed once more, and Nettesheim suddenly rose to his feet.
“Mr. Suimei... We also make use of and borrow powers from higher
existences. That’s because their powers are tremendous... and tremendously
useful.”
“Right.”
“I’m sure that goddess’s power is the same. However, we acquired
power to overcome such irrationality... Power that you possess.”
“What are you...?”
Nettesheim’s advice took a sudden, unexpected turn. Rather than the evil
god, Gottfried, or even Kudrack, Nettesheim spoke of an enemy that Suimei
seemed to have overlooked...
“Well, just hear me out.”
Nettesheim’s pitch-black eyes suddenly zeroed in on Suimei. They were
eerily dark, like the bottomless darkness of space. They felt like they could
suck you right in...
And the moment Suimei was entranced by them, they took on a
complete change. They were instantly filled with bright passion and spirit.
It was thanks to them that Suimei was able to recall something important.
They were like a strong pat on the back, pushing him forward... No, like a
force pushing all of the Society forward.

