Chapter 2: Into the Modern World
Suimei felt unusually pleasant upon waking the following morning.
After laying his head on a familiar pillow, he’d sunk right into his bed. The
relief of finally being home and the comfort of his own bed made for a far
nicer night’s sleep than normal. He woke up completely refreshed and free
of aches and pains. He was wide awake now, but saw no harm in taking his
time getting up.
“It should be fine if I just laze around a little longer...”
As he lazily mumbled to himself, Suimei took a look around the room
that was unmistakably his. There were stacks of grimoires atop the desk
alongside several magickal tools for simple experiments. Everything was
exactly how he’d left it before going to the other world.
As he stretched before getting out of bed, he noticed a strange sensation
at his waist.
“Zzz...”
He could hear a light, adorable snore from beneath his sheets. Upon
unraveling them, he found Liliana all snuggled up in her cat-eared pajamas.
When had she crawled in there? She looked just like a cat curled up this
way, and perhaps because of her posture, there was even a curved wrinkle
in the sheets.


Suimei was taken aback at the intruder for a brief moment, but Liliana
also crawled into his bed while half asleep back in the other world from
time to time, so he wasn’t particularly surprised to see her here now.
“...Where’d she even find these pajamas, anyways?”
Suimei pinched the cat ears on the pajama hood while cocking his head.
The previous evening, he’d asked Hydemary to procure girl’s pajamas for
everyone. She’d gotten a normal set for Felmenia and Lefille, but Liliana’s
had ears on it for some reason.
When Suimei asked her about it, she’d coyly claimed it was a secret. But
while the source of the pajamas was a mystery, Liliana was naturally
delighted with them. She’d even asked Hydemary if she could take them
back to the other world with her when she left, and she burst into joy upon
getting permission.
In any event, just as Suimei was gently peeling Liliana off of him...
“Suimei-kun, are you awake?”
He could hear Hydemary’s voice outside his door.
“Yeah. I’m up.”
“I’m coming in, then.”
“Hey, hang— Well, whatever.”
It was just like Hydemary not to wait for an answer. She was always
moving at her own pace. It rather highlighted her childish nature, as she still
didn’t understand why she should show any reluctance over entering a
boy’s room.
At this rate, Hydemary was going to see exactly the situation Suimei
was in, but he confidently decided it wasn’t a big deal since he hadn’t done
anything wrong. He simply sat in bed as the antique door clicked and the
latch-type handle moved. When the door opened, the smell of rosewood
drifted into the room. This apparently prompted Liliana to wake up.
“Fwaaah...”
She stayed in bed and rubbed her eyes before stretching her back.
“Is it... morning?”
And so, Hydemary got an eyeful of the scene: Suimei and Liliana
sharing a bed. Her expression naturally remained stoic, but her voice was
scathing.
“You know, Suimei-kun, no matter how you look at it, isn’t this a
little...”

“It seemed like... Felmenia and Lefille... wouldn’t get to sleep... any
time soon... last night...”
“So? You had no other choice but to crawl into my bed?”
“I-It wasn’t really that I had no choice!”
“Yeah? That so?”
Despite his bafflement at her sudden fluster, Suimei gently stroked
Liliana’s head. As he did, she quieted down with a comfortable look. She
was clearly drowsy, her tranquil expression not unlike a cat’s.
Suspicion lingered in Hydemary’s eyes. Really, it seemed like she’d
gotten even more suspicious for some reason.
“So this is what you’re really like, huh, Suimei-kun? It’s truly
embarrassing.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“That you’re a horrible womanizer.”
“I’m in... complete... agreement... fwaaah...”
“Isn’t that kinda harsh?”
“But... true.”
With that, Liliana clung to Suimei once more. She was still quite sleepy,
it seemed. After rubbing her cheek against him, she fell right back into a
slumber. As she did, Hydemary turned back to Suimei with her
expressionless face.
“Hey, Suimei-kun.”
“What?”
“Did you save her too?”
“Well, yeah. I’m surprised you can tell.”
“Of course I can. She’s so attached to you. That’s the only thing it could
be.”
Suimei had spent quite some time with Hydemary ever since she became
his disciple. Thanks to that, she had a pretty good idea of how Suimei had
handled himself over in the other world.
“In short, it was business as usual for you even in another world.”
“I’m still me. I only did what I wanted to do.”
Suimei replied noncommittally, but he said nothing to refute
Hydemary’s claim. He then knit his brows upon receiving no reply, finding
it strange that she sank into silence without speaking her mind.
“What’s up?”

“...Nothing really.”
“Sure doesn’t feel like it.”
“It said it was nothing.”
Hydemary huffed as she turned away. Suimei couldn’t tell what was
wrong with her, but it certainly seemed like something was on her mind. As
he wondered what it might be, he laid Liliana down on the bed.
After forcing Hydemary out of his room, Suimei changed into his
everyday clothes and headed out into the hallway, where a certain puppy
came running up to him out of nowhere.
“Suimei-dono, Suimei-dono! Please give me a detailed explanation of
this grimoire!”
Said puppy was, of course, Felmenia. It was no small miracle that she’d
safely made it over to him with such a massive stack of books in her arms.
“Suimei-dono! Suimei-dono!”
Glancing at her face, she was practically bursting at the seams. It was
like she was running on pure excitement.
“Hey, uh, morning. First thing’s first, calm down.”
“Oh... Yes. How rude of me.”
Felmenia hung her head in embarrassment and turned red up to her
cheeks.
“Now, which grimoire are you talking about?”
“This one... and this one and this one. Oh, and this one too!”
Despite saying “this grimoire” earlier, Felmenia was pointing to a ton of
different books in her arms. She ended up identifying every single tome she
was carrying. Impressed that she’d had the time to read through so many
books, Suimei took another look at her face.
“You know you’ve got bags under your eyes, don’t you, Menia?”
“Huh? Oh, this is, um... Yeah.”
“Didn’t I tell you to avoid staying up all night?”
“Teehee...”
Felmenia tried to laugh it off even as she stood there awkwardly. Despite
the sparkle in her eyes, she was looking rather pale. Taking an even closer
look at her, her prided silver hair was still uncombed and somewhat
disheveled.
After dinner the previous night, Suimei had given his three visitors a
tour of the house and shown them his father’s study. Seeing it had

seemingly stimulated Felmenia’s voracious thirst for knowledge. She’d
been on a bender ever since.
Suimei proceeded to take Felmenia to a guest room and turn down the
bed for her, but she was acting remarkably strange. It was plainly evident
that she was far more interested in more research than getting any sleep.
The flames of her academic soul had been fanned, and she stood there
restlessly fidgeting in a rather adorable fashion.
“Oh, come on...”
“Forgive me, but that room is a treasure vault! Have you not also spent
at least one or two sleepless nights in there yourself, Suimei-dono?!”
“Er...”
“See?! I knew you had! You’ve stayed up all night too, haven’t you?
Haven’t you?!”
Felmenia’s starry eyes were glittering with excitement upon having
found a kindred spirit, and she approached him eagerly.
“O-Okay, okay. I get it, alright? Jot down everything you want to know
and I’ll take some time to go over it with you later.”
“Can’t you do it right now?!”
“If we start now, we won’t be done before the afternoon, you know?
There’s Hydemary and Liliana to think about, too.”
“Ah...”
In all likelihood, if Suimei and Felmenia started discussing magickal
matters now, Hydemary and Liliana would both want to join them. And
Suimei wasn’t interested in repeating himself over and over. It would just
get out of hand. Their forum would easily run through mealtimes, and poor
Lefille—the lone nonmagickal compatriot of their group—would be left all
alone on the sofa until late that night.
Thinking of it that way, Suimei thought it best to set up a proper
meeting.
“Where is Lefi, by the way?”
“Lefille is... When I went to take a look in the bedroom, she wasn’t
there.”
“...And when was that?”
“Th-This morning... I think?”
Felmenia’s eyes darted around the room. Her behavior and her memory
were equally fuzzy. But Felmenia aside, Lefille had apparently also been up

all night for some reason. It seemed she was also restless on her very first
evening in another world.
“Lefille-san is awake,” Hydemary suddenly chimed in.
“That so?”
“I brewed her some tea before I came to get you.”
“Oh, I would also like some. I’m quite interested in the tea of this
world.”
“Then come with me. I’ll make some for you.”
Hydemary, Felmenia, and Suimei then headed towards the living room
with light steps, where they found Lefille daintily enjoying her morning tea
on the sofa. Unlike Felmenia, her red hair was beautifully put up in a
ponytail, and she was wearing her everyday clothing. She sat perfectly
upright, and the elegant way she lifted the teacup to her lips was as pretty as
a painting.
“Morning.”
“Oh, good morning, Suimei-kun. Good morning, Lady Felmenia.”
“Good morning to you too.”
“From the looks of it, you really did stay up all night, didn’t you?”
“Teehee...”
Lefille wore a smug smile like she’d predicted this outcome, and
Felmenia repeated her awkward laugh from before. She then took a seat
next to Lefille, who gazed out toward the veranda with a somewhat
disappointed look.
“You can’t really see the stars here, huh?”
Just as she said, the number of visible stars in the modern world was
quite scant compared to what she was used to—perhaps a testament to the
preposterous amount of pollution in the atmosphere here.
“Have you been outside all this time, Lefi?”
“Yeah. I wanted to get a feel for what this world is really like.”
“And your impressions?”
“How to put it...? It’s like the balance is poor. The energy that I could
feel everywhere at home feels very weak here.”
The energy she could feel everywhere... The nuance of her wording was
quite vague, but it was indeed difficult to describe mystical energies.
Science was rampant in this world; it was like its natural energies had been
driven away. That had an effect on the mysteries here, and was likely the

