in a while, a sharp voice suddenly rang out through the room.
“Hey, you! What do you think you’re doing, showing your face at the
dojo after all this time?”
“Hmm? Oh, Suwa-san.”
Indeed, Suimei’s antagonizer was Suwa—a young man who could be
considered one of the hopefuls among the students at the dojo. He had
confidence in his own abilities and was the type to put on an act as one of
the most senior students, which was likely why he stepped forward now. In
stark contrast to his impertinent glare, however, Suimei simply shrugged his
shoulders with indifference.
“Hey now, cut it out,” Kiyoshiro immediately interjected to put a stop to
things.
“But instructor!” Suwa argued.
“You’re in the presence of a guest.”
“But this sets a bad example for the younger students.”
“It does, does it? Hmm...”
Kiyoshiro’s attitude was ambiguous. It was like he wasn’t sure if he
should intervene anymore. Hatsumi, on the other hand, looked quite
irritated with Suwa’s attitude and was starting to get rather restless.
It was objectively true that Suimei had to go overseas for his mystical
work quite frequently, so he often couldn’t participate in practice. He’d also
been told by his father that pursuing the sword too much would prevent him
from becoming an accomplished magician. And so, considering Suimei’s
infrequent appearances at the dojo, it was perhaps a matter of course that
the other students thought he was lazy and noncommittal. Kiyoshiro was
fully aware of Suimei’s circumstances, however, so he was of a different
mind altogether.
That said, the students had no way of knowing what was really going on
with Suimei. That’s why Kiyoshiro chose not to chide them for it when they
began clamoring noisily. This was where he would ordinarily let out a soft
roar to hush the class, but he showed no signs of doing so now. He simply
tossed a loaded look Suimei’s way. He seemed to be saying that if Suimei
didn’t do something about this soon, it would just keep happening forever.
“Hey! Don’t you have anything to say for yourself?”
“...”
“Are you ignoring me?!”

Suimei let out a sigh as Suwa’s remarkably loud voice resounded
through the dojo again. He was exasperated that a guy like Suwa called
himself a swordsman. He wanted to remind him that the dojo was a place
for Zen meditation, so it would do him some good to cool his jets.
Seeing that Suimei had no intention of replying to him, however, Suwa
was prepared to make his point a different way. But as soon as he made to
stand...
“Shut up.”
Though Suimei only muttered those two words, they were more than
enough to suppress the entire dojo. Their force silenced everyone with a
magician’s psychic chill. Suimei’s mystical presence also dropped the
temperature in the room several degrees. It was almost as if all the
blabbering mouths had been frozen shut. Everyone’s eagerness to gripe
about Suimei was dispelled like an illusion.
Seeing them shut down so easily, Suimei let out another sigh. Passing a
glance over the sorry souls who could offer no resistance despite all their
talk mere moments ago, Suimei only spotted five or so people, Kiyoshiro
included, who weren’t affected by his pressure. After briefly assessing the
situation, Suimei walked over to Suwa and looked down at him with his
blazing red eyes. In response, the young man stiffened up as if completely
paralyzed.
“I kept quiet because that was the sportsmanlike thing to do, but I’m the
senior disciple here. You’d do well to bear that in mind.”
“Ugh... B-But...”
“If you have something to say, I suggest you keep it to yourself until you
learn how to move under pressure like this... Well, I guess I can’t ask that
much of you. At the very least, forge your nerve enough that you can talk
properly, ’kay?”
There, Suimei turned around to go back to Lefille, but stopped and
looked over his shoulder upon suddenly remembering something.
“One last thing: I finished the training you’re doing now when I was
about ten.”
Suimei then dispersed the pressure he exerted over the room, and
surprised voices gradually began filling the dojo once more. After a short
while, a stifled laugh could be heard from the far side of the room. Indeed,
Kuchiba Kiyoshiro could hardly contain himself.

“Pfft... Suimei, don’t go freezing up my dojo.”
“My apologies.”
Suimei earnestly bowed in apology, and Suwa turned to Kiyoshiro.
“I-Instructor, about what he just said...”
“Aah, that? You heard him. Suimei completed all the fundamental
training when he was twelve. Circumstances aside, he’s got at least enough
skill to be the head coach around here.”
Suwa turned a desperate look on a middle-aged man with the appearance
of a bear—the current head coach of the Kuchiba dojo.
“C-Coach...” Suwa practically pleaded.
“The Yakagi boy is more of a veteran in this dojo than any of the
assistant instructors. What the instructor says is absolutely true,” the coach
claimed.
And it was true; Suimei had started learning swordsmanship from
Kiyoshiro the day the dojo was built. In a sense, Suimei was his first
disciple.
“Boy,” the coach called, turning to Suimei. “If you acted with such
overpowering dignity all the time, then you’d earn a bit more respect
around here. Right, Instructor?”
“Of course. You’re talking about the son of the man I idolized as my
brother, you know? There’s no way he’s weak. Those of you who don’t
realize that are just being swindled. Ain’t that right, Hatsumi?”
“I-I at least knew he was strong!”
“Really now?”
Suimei bashfully scratched the back of his head as he listened to
Hatsumi and Kiyoshiro’s exchange. In the middle of it, he heard a clap from
the shrine behind him where a girl was offering a prayer.
She had long, black hair, but its indigo sheen was strikingly different
than the deep jet of Hydemary’s locks. She also had beauty marks under
both her eyes and had a very traditional Japanese beauty to her features. She
was the very embodiment of Yamato Nadeshiko, with an air about her even
more graceful and serene than Yukio’s. Her presence right now was also so
slight that anyone else would have easily overlooked her.
“Itsuki?”
“It’s been quite a while, Yakagi-san.”
The girl replied to Suimei with a gentle smile as she bowed her head.

She was a student of another school, learning the basics of the Kuchiba
style from Kiyoshiro. She was quite skilled, however, and was about on par
with Hatsumi. She was strong enough that Suimei couldn’t hold a candle to
her in terms of swordsmanship.
“I felt a chill earlier. Did something happen?” she asked.
“Nothing much. Sorry for being out of touch,” Suimei replied.
“Don’t mention it. I was worried, but I didn’t think any serious harm
would come of it considering the two of you were involved.”
“Have you already sparred with Hatsumi?”
“Yes. We borrowed the garden earlier today for three matches.”
Suimei looked quizzically over at Hatsumi, who boldly smiled back at
him.
“One win, one loss, one tie,” she declared.
“Even as you are now?” Suimei asked.
“Yup. That’s Itsuki-san for you. It was an eye-opening experience.”
There, Hatsumi and Itsuki exchanged a smile. They were about the same
age, so they got along quite well.
Itsuki then looked at Lefille. Her eyes were visibly filled with a strong
will, glimmering with a fiery light. It seemed she’d completely pegged
Lefille’s talents, and as though to confirm her suspicions...
“You also appear to be quite skilled.”
“And it sounds like you’re able to compete with Lady Hatsumi. I would
love to have a bout with you.”
“As would I, if the opportunity presents itself.”
Lefille focused a bit of her fighting spirit towards her, and the instant she
did, the area around Itsuki was dominated by silence. All sound died—the
stillness in the air was so unnatural that there was no other way to describe
it. Not even the slightest movement or a single breath could be heard.
Seeing this, Suimei spoke up in a fluster.
“H-Hey, Itsuki. I brought Lefille here to see the instructor. Sorry, but
could you save this for later?”
“Pardon me. I just got caught up in the moment.”
Itsuki dispelled her pressure, allowing sound to slowly revive in the area
around her. She then flashed a smile.
“Then, if you’ll excuse me...”
With that, she bowed and headed for an empty space on the dojo floor

where she took a seat on her knees.
“I see. What uniform excellence...”
“She, Hatsumi, Haseto, and Kenta-san are special.”
As Suimei and Lefille were whispering to each other, he suddenly
seemed to realize something.
“Oh, Instructor. About etiquette...”
“Don’t worry about that. The sun would set before we could teach her
everything.”
Suimei guided Lefille over to and took a seat in front of Kiyoshiro.
Judging that she probably wasn’t used to sitting on her knees, he bid her
take a more relaxed posture as Kiyoshiro began speaking to her.
“So, you’re the one in need of advice?”
“Yes. My name is Lefille Grakis.”
“I’ve been told the gist of things. Now, make yourself comfortable.”
“Thank you for your consideration.”
Lefille lightly bowed her head, then looked up once more to take a good
look at Kiyoshiro’s face...
“...”
At his very, very peculiar face.
“What is it?”
“Pardon me, but I was told that you’re Lady Hatsumi’s father.”
“Yup, that’s me.”
“Just like your wife, you appear... quite youthful.”
“Well, I guess so. Nevertheless, I’m turning 45 this year.”
“...”
Lefille was stunned by Kiyoshiro’s statement. Yukio looked like she
might be right around thirty, but Kiyoshiro looked even younger than that.
“He’s a total monster,” interjected Haseto.
“A legit monster,” echoed Hatsumi.
“He really is,” confirmed Suimei.
Kiyoshiro looked depressed upon hearing such comments from his son,
daughter, and nephew.
“You guys...”
But all three of them averted their gazes simultaneously as if they’d
coordinated it. They were perfectly in sync.
Moving on, Suimei turned to question Lefille.

“So, what are your first impressions?”
“It’s frightening...”
“Hmm?”
“How do I put it? He looks completely normal. I don’t doubt that he’s
strong since you claim he is, but I just don’t see it.”
“I bet not. He’s a total scam artist.”
“Funny hearing that from the compulsive swindler.”
Lefille quipped back at Suimei, who stuck his tongue out at her.
Interrupting their banter, Kiyoshiro suddenly got to his feet.
“Well, let’s get started.”
“Really? Aren’t you in the middle of practice?”
“That’s no object. Just watching will be good training for them.”
Kiyoshiro walked over to the wall where several wooden swords were
placed. He let his gaze wander over them as if trying to pick one out. His
discerning eyes were... not exactly as sharp as an eagle’s. He looked more
like an amateur dubiously assessing a bunch of bonsai trees.
He groaned as he looked at the swords with uncertainty until one
seemed to catch his fancy.
“Let’s see... We don’t have any good substitutes for your weapon here,
but will this do?”
Kiyoshiro held out a long wooden sword to Lefille. It was a little shorter
than her usual blade and far slimmer, but it was the closest match the dojo
had. Lefille looked completely bewildered that Kiyoshiro had picked it out
without asking her a single thing.
“Um, by my weapon, you mean...?”
“It’s a huge thing, about your height with a broad blade, right?
Something like a greatsword, yeah?”
Kiyoshiro answered Lefille with the grin of a mischievous child. Lefille
looked to Suimei with a quizzical gaze as if to ask him if he’d told
Kiyoshiro about her weapon beforehand, but Suimei shook his head. All
he’d told the instructor was that there was a swordswoman he’d like him to
meet. He hadn’t gone into much detail.
“I can tell at least that much.”
That’s just how Kiyoshiro was. The way he was practically bragging and
the way he broke into a cackle gave the slightest glimpse into his
abnormality that wasn’t ordinarily apparent.

