She was only a little taller than Liliana, and by all appearances, she was
a healthy-looking Asian girl. She had a short wand hanging at her waist
with several small, green pom-poms dangling from it. After coming up to
the veranda, she politely bowed to Suimei.
“Hey there. Sorry for being out of touch,” he said.
At that, the courier puffed out her soft cheeks and began adorably
berating him.
“Long time no see, Suimei-san! Where exactly have you been all this
time?! I’ve got heaps on loads on mountains of letters addressed to you, you
know?!”
“Sorry, my bad. I just got caught up in something a little weird.”
Upon hearing his excuse, the courier...
“Oooh!”
“Now listen here: I said I got caught up in something, not that I caused
it.”
The girl seemed to guess what had happened, and Suimei narrowed his
eyes at her. The girl, however, paid him no mind and let out a heavy sigh.
“I mean, it’s just more of the usual, right?”
“Mm. Just the usual,” Hydemary added.
“Thanks for... your hard work.”
Liliana’s thanks were obviously not directed at Suimei, and she clearly
wasn’t alone in the sentiment. Everyone else was nodding in agreement.
“Why are you all ganging up on me?”
“I mean, come on.”
“Because you’re you... Suimei.”
Neither Hydemary nor Liliana showed any mercy.
Ignoring them for now, Suimei handed his outgoing letters over to the
courier. As he did, the courier prepared to hand him his incoming mail. She
recited a chant and letters came pouring out of her red bag with enough
force that it was reminiscent of a certain cat-shaped robot’s special pocket
in action.
“Ugh, that’s a lot.”
“It’s half a year’s worth... Well, sort of. There were just a bunch of
people who thought they should at least write when you suddenly vanished.
Speaking of, where have you been all this time, Suimei-san?”
“Er, well, you know...”

“Actually, these girls are all dressed pretty strange... Is this what you’re
into, maybe?”
“No! God... Hey, there’s even an enforcement request in here?”
“Oh, that’s a case that was designated for you. It seems the others
weren’t able to handle it, so I was asked to turn it over to you.”
“When was this?”
“Hmm... About two months ago?”
“Is that really alright?”
“I guess they’re not in a rush?”
“Meaning it’s a case that can’t cause the Thousand Nights Association
much harm...”
“Yup.”
The Thousand Nights Association was the body that oversaw the world’s
magicka organizations. Their supervision was to ensure that the mysteries
remained out of the public eye, but the Association also doubled as a
mediator between other organizations.
Enforcement requests were sent to deal with things like magickal crimes
perpetrated by magicians, beasts of the apocalypse outbreaks, and localized
mystical phenomena or calamities. They were all important jobs where an
individual organization couldn’t handle them alone.
But apparently, this request wasn’t terribly time-sensitive. That meant it
didn’t have a direct impact on the Thousand Nights Association, or perhaps
that the risk of the mysteries being exposed was exceedingly low.
The fact that the Association had sent a request to an Enforcer whose
whereabouts were completely unknown likely meant that, even in the worst
case, whatever threat needed to be tended to wasn’t urgent. It would
probably even be fine left at large... meaning there was fundamentally no
way it was something that only Suimei could handle.
Suimei opened the expensive-looking little box and pulled out a black
envelope sealed with rose red wax. He used counter magicka to undo the
high-level spell that kept it shut and pulled out the enclosed letter. It was a
request for the arrest, sealing, or elimination of a particular magician.
“Suimei-kun, what’s that?” Lefille asked.
“Oh, it’s a job that’s been entrusted to me. There’s something like a
council that oversees all of the magicka organizations, and once they
confirm there’s a criminal that needs to be dealt with, they send out requests

like this.”
Hearing this, Felmenia cocked her head to the side.
“Can’t the council go catch the criminals themselves? Certainly that
should be possible without passing the job on to another party so long as
they made the appropriate preparations...”
Lefille and Liliana looked to Suimei as though they shared the same
question.
“Of course there are jobs they handle themselves sometimes. But seeing
as they’re fundamentally a supervisory organization, they aren’t a
particularly large group. They don’t have enough people as it is, so it’s
difficult for them to train up their own personnel or scout other
organizations for the right person for the job.”
“So you mean to say there aren’t all that many magicians with the
appropriate skill set?”
“That’s the short of it.”
Having “the appropriate skill set” was a rather tall order. A magician’s
abilities were deeply entwined with both their inherent talent and the effort
they’d put into their craft, and an Enforcer wasn’t something someone could
simply become with enough training. Finding a sprout with the right
aptitudes was like hitting the jackpot. As for already-trained magicians,
scouting people from other organizations required the consent of both the
magician in question and the organization they belonged to. That left the
Association little choice but to rely on others for help, as they did now with
Suimei.
The Magicka Bureau of the Thousand Nights Association hereby issues
the following job to the Society’s eighth seat, Enforcer Yakagi Suimei.
The target is ———. It has only been a short time since they made their
way into the world, but take heed that their skills are grand class. The
threat level of this request has been escalated from B to A accordingly. The
target is to be taken dead or alive.
Bear in mind the target’s specialties are barrier and restraint magicka.
Items relevant to the case are enclosed within. We hope that you make good
use of them.
Additional details regarding the target can be found below...

Suimei scanned the contents of the request and began mumbling to
himself.
“Threat level A, dead or alive... They’re not kidding around here. This is
really something.”
The one to show further interest in the matter was Hydemary, who was
personally quite familiar with enforcement requests.
“You don’t say?”
“Huh? Yeah...”
“What’s the matter? You don’t seem quite yourself.”
“No, it’s nothing.”
Hydemary innocently drew closer, and Suimei looked a bit uneasy as he
swiftly turned his attention back to the box.
“They included... Wait, what?!”
Inside the box was a transparent baggy that contained what looked like
several blue pills.
“There’re drugs involved this time?! Just how lax is the Thousand
Nights Association being by not treating this as a god damn emergency?!”
If drugs were involved, there was an inherent danger that the threat
could spread among junkies... meaning the ones to suffer would be normal
people who had nothing to do with magicka. Magicians could take
whatever they pleased—they had magickal ways of dealing with side
effects and even addiction. But normal people weren’t so lucky, which was
precisely why mystical crimes involving drugs were typically considered
extremely dangerous.
Hydemary tilted her head to the side, her black hair swishing behind her.
“Does that mean there’s no danger of this one spreading to the public?”
“Maybe it’s not addictive.”
“Or maybe it’s the kind of drug that kills you outright.”
Anyone taking magickal drugs without the proper resistance would be
left crippled at best, and the withdrawal symptoms could be—quite literally
—killer. Hydemary was brimming with curiosity about the pills and leaned
in to take a closer look.
“Can I taste one?”
“Don’t go putting things in your mouth just ’cause they look like
candy.”
“No? I think we’d be able to learn quite a bit if I gave it a lick.”

“Even so, the answer’s still no.”
“Suimei-kun... you’re unexpectedly overprotective.”
“There’s nothing unexpected or overprotective about it, damn it!
Seriously...”
Even if Hydemary was a homunculus and therefore not exactly human,
there was no guarantee the drugs would have no effect on her—which was
precisely why Suimei wasn’t going to let her taste anything.
“I think it’d be fine, though... Have you seen this before?” Hydemary
turned to the courier and asked.
“Nope.”
“Is the Holy Inquisition on the move?”
“I don’t think so. This is completely within the Thousand Nights
Association’s court.”
The courier’s rabbit ears twitched as she replied, and she soon found
Liliana drawing closer.
“Ears...”
“Huh?”
“Your ears... moved.”
She was looking at the courier’s outfit with the same twinkle in her eye
she’d had when she was watching the animals on television. The heavy
atmosphere lingering from the serious conversation before was completely
blown away by her delighted tone.
“Can I... touch your ears?”
“Huh? Oh, sure. But just a little.”
The courier bent over to make it easier for Liliana to reach her fake
rabbit ears.
“Want to become a courier too? If you act now, we can throw in the
bunny ears as a bonus, you know?”
“I’m... a little interested...”
“Hey, don’t recruit my disciple!”
“Your disciple...? Oh! So the rumor that you only take on cute girls as
disciples really is true, huh, Suimei-san?”
“Like hell it is! It’s just a coincidence! A coincidence, I tell you!”
“I’m kidding. I was just joking around.”
The courier giggled, and Suimei let out an exhausted sigh.
“You’ll sigh away all your happiness like that, you know, Suimei-san?”

“If you could really sigh away happiness, I’d be long dead from misery
by now... Anyways, take care of those letters for me. You’re okay with
Japanese yen for the tip, right?”
“Yup.”
“Here’s your fee, plus a little extra for the trouble.”
The courier held out both hands like a child demanding their allowance,
and Suimei handed over a generous stack of bills. He couldn’t afford to be
stingy here. That wasn’t to say a tight wallet would mean his letters would
get lost or anything, however; couriers were not such a fickle lot. It was
simply a matter of stressing trust in a working relationship.
“I’m leaving those letters to you.”
“I’ll be sure to deliver them.”
The courier took a grandiose bow, and after hopping over the fence in
one bound, she vanished upon touching the ground.

