for words. Just what kind of ridiculous things had their parents been
through that being summoned to another world didn’t seem like all that big
a deal?
Suimei and Hatsumi looked at each other. They were now the ones with
furrowed brows, reversing the earlier situation with Hatsumi’s parents.
“Good grief. My brother generally ignored all common sense, but I
guess you’re perpetrating some pretty crazy stuff too.”
“No, I mean, this wasn’t my fault. I didn’t perpetrate anything.”
Resenting being mislabeled as the responsible party, Suimei rose to his
feet and objected, but Kiyoshiro and Yukio merely exchanged knowing
looks.
“But you know...” Kiyoshiro muttered.
“Right?” Yukio giggled.
“Y-You too, Yukio-san...?” Suimei despaired.
“This is your own fault, you know, Suimei? You always jump headlong
into any trouble that comes your way,” Hatsumi retorted.
“Ugh...”
Suimei couldn’t argue there. That was indeed often how things turned
out whenever he was forced to stick his nose into them. But this time, really
and truly, Suimei was a victim. He was summoned to another world
completely against his will. Moreover, since he’d actually figured out a way
to get home, a little praise wouldn’t have been unjustified.
“Regardless, Hatsumi also got caught up in the summoning. It would’ve
been a huge problem for us if you weren’t there with her. Thank you.”
“It was nothing...”
As though he’d read Suimei’s mind, Kiyoshiro corrected his posture and
bowed his head. Suimei was a little embarrassed to have his own uncle
thank him so earnestly and formally, but Kiyoshiro soon raised his head
with a skeptic grin on his face.
“...You’re really not lying, right?”
“Do you think I’d lie to you with such a straight face?”
“Well, fair. But your story really is quite out there.”
Anyone would be suspect of a story about traveling to another world and
back, but what could Suimei do to make someone believe him? Or, at the
least, make it easier for someone to believe him? This was no different than
trying to tell Kiyoshiro he’d been spirited away. Was there even a

reasonable comparison that would work as an analogue?
In that regard, Suimei had one advantage. Kiyoshiro had worked with
Kazamitsu, a talented magician, so he wasn’t completely oblivious to the
ways of magicka.
“You know how some people say there are worlds on the other side of
the astral plane? It’s a little offbeat, but it isn’t entirely impossible. I think
it’s within the realm of reason for there to be other livable worlds among all
those extreme cases like Mars, Venus, Hell, and other such planes.”
“Hmm... Well, when you put it like that...”
Suimei managed to frame things in a somewhat more understandable
fashion. Kiyoshiro was still grimacing, but it seemed the only way to
convince him past this would be to take him to the other world personally.
After groaning for a bit, Kiyoshiro suddenly changed the topic.
“By the way, was it just the two of you who came back?”
“My other friends who were summoned said they’d stay behind, so
they’re still there. Aside from that, we brought back three others with us.”
For some reason, upon hearing Suimei’s answer, Kiyoshiro flashed a
somewhat filthy grin his way.
“Say...”
“Yes?”
“These ‘others’ you brought back... They’re all girls, right?”
Hearing Kiyoshiro’s question, Yukio elegantly lifted her hand to her
mouth as she giggled. Suimei, meanwhile, was completely baffled.
“How did you know that?”
“Well, you are my brother’s son. This is no surprise.”
“That doesn’t explain anything, though...”
“But of course. What else would we expect of Kazamitsu-san’s son?”
It seemed there was no deterring Hatsumi’s parents. Suimei looked to
his side for sympathy, but Hatsumi returned his pleading look with a
reproachful gaze.
Just what were they basing all this on? Suimei couldn’t help but wonder
nervously.
After that, Suimei discussed bringing Lefille to the dojo the following
day with Kiyoshiro before finally returning home to the Yakagi estate and
his guests from another world.

★
“Now... I wonder what those three are up to.”
Suimei was presently walking back alone, looking up at the stars and
muttering to himself. After escorting Hatsumi home and explaining things
to her parents, one of his primary concerns was now resolved and a sense of
relief spread through his chest.
There were still plenty of other places he had to go, and plenty more
explaining he had to do while keeping everything consistent. Depending on
the person he was explaining things to, he might even have to use magicka
to forcefully alleviate their anxieties. But things had turned out fine in
Hatsumi’s case, which lightened the load on Suimei’s shoulders
considerably.
As such, he began humming and arrived home with a skip in his step.
He opened the door and headed to the living room, where he found Liliana
glued to the television.
“Penguin...”
Her usually calm voice was unable to hide her excitement as she stared
into the bright screen, her lone eye sparkling. It seemed a program about
animals was on. Lately there had been a lot of animal-centric shows airing
in the primetime slot, so the girls had likely come across it while flipping
through the channels.
“Seal...”
It turned out that the show wasn’t an animal special per se, but a
documentary on the differences between the North and South Poles. As part
of the larger picture, they were showcasing the animals that inhabited each
region.
“Polar bear...”
Each was a species Liliana had never seen in her world. It was entirely
possible they similarly existed at the extreme poles of the planet there, but
they certainly weren’t anything someone would come across during the
course of their everyday life.
The program on television eventually shifted from animals to something
else, but Liliana didn’t show any sort of lingering regret over this.
“So white... and fluffy... Oh-so fluffy.”
She moved her hands in the air like she was imagining petting the

penguins and seals. Rather than saying she was merely intoxicated, it would
be more accurate to say that she was dead drunk on cuteness. She had been
exposed to too much of it all at once, and it had blown the circuits in her
brain. Liliana kept muttering “fluffy this” and “fluffy that” to herself before
letting out a deflating sigh and falling back on the sofa in agony.
Meanwhile, Felmenia and Lefille were both still watching the screen and
discussing the documentary.
“Hmm... Everything there is completely frozen in ice. This manner of
scenery didn’t exist even in Noshias.”
“W-Wha— That block of frozen land is crumbling away! And on such a
massive scale...”
“It’s quite majestic, isn’t it?”
“Indeed...”
As he listened in on their conversation, Suimei called out to Hydemary,
who was repositioning her dolls.
“Hey, did they ask about the tiny people in the box?”
“That’s just too cliché, Suimei-kun. There’s no way anybody would
actually say something like that.”
That’s what Suimei had thought too, but it was such a staple joke that he
kind of wanted to hear someone say it. However, the intelligent girls he’d
brought to this world didn’t have such primitive imaginations.
“Even we know that this is some sort of device capable of projecting
images from far away. It is, however, rather surprising that these images can
be recorded and projected so vividly.”
“Telephones, air conditioning, and lighting that doesn’t require mana. At
a glance, there are so many other strange devices here that I can’t even
begin to guess what they’re used for... You did warn us about this
beforehand, Suimei-kun, but I didn’t think it would be to this extent.”
“Indeed. This world is incredible.”
Lefille and Felmenia groaned with an expression of both wonder and
awe.
“You’re really going to get your mind blown if this is all it takes to
surprise you. There’s way more outrageous stuff out there than all of this.”
“...”
“...”
The girls had yet to see cars and trains, for example. They were common

enough sights in modern Japan—the general populace used them on the
regular. The same was true of television, but considering the compounding
technological marvels the girls would be faced with going out into the city...
They were in for the shock of their lives.
“Where’s Lady Hatsumi?”
“Aah, she’ll be spending some quality time with her parents today. It’s
been a while since she’s been home and all.”
“I see. That’s good.”
The functional older sister of the group gave a satisfied nod. Lefille had
lost her own family, so she understood full well the significance of
Hatsumi’s reunion with hers. She was happy for her.
Suimei glanced over at the sofa, where Liliana was still rolling about in
a ball in her own little world.
“Liliana? Hellooooo?”
When Suimei called out to her, she shot upright with a beaming smile.
“The fluff, Suimei! So much fluff!”
“R-Right...”
“Will I... be able... to see them again?”
“Hmm, if we could record it, then yeah... But I’m bound to screw that
up.”
“I’m a genius, but homunculi are mystical in nature, so I won’t be any
help either. The appliances in Suimei-kun’s house are magickally treated so
I can just barely manage here, but... What about the internet, Suimei-kun?”
“Not happening. The moment I touch a computer, the screen goes blue.”
Whenever Suimei touched any sort of advanced electronic, it would
immediately start misbehaving. You see, those whose bodies are steeped in
the mysteries have something of an adverse effect on scientific laws.
Simple appliances posed no issue. But as devices grew more complex—
like computers—they would break down on the spot. Suimei had personally
destroyed many a computer at school in this fashion. He was at the point
where even touching the power button was out of the question. He was
effectively traumatized.
In any case, upon hearing that she wouldn’t be able to see more cute
animals, Liliana hung her head low in disappointment.
“I... see...”
“Don’t be like that. If you really want to see them, we can ask Hatsumi

to get on a computer and show you some.”
“You mean I can... see the fluffies again?!”
Liliana triumphantly thrust both her arms in the air. Seeing her innocent
behavior, however, suddenly reminded Suimei of something else entirely.
Speaking of fluffies, he had some fluffy business to tend to himself.
“...Oops, crap. I almost completely forgot.”
Suimei flew over to the veranda in a fluster and threw open the glass
door. This wasn’t, mind you, because he needed some fresh air. He pulled a
small bell out of nowhere and lightly jangled it outside, letting its delicate
chime echo into the night. Lefille watched him do this with a curious look,
her head quizzically cocked to the side.
“What’s that?” she asked.
“It’s the bunny courier, right?” Hydemary asked in turn.
“Yeah. I wrote a bunch of letters before coming back, so I figure I ought
to send them all out,” Suimei replied.
There were many magicians who despised the conveniences of modern
civilization and strictly refrained from using them. And it wasn’t just
magicians who refused to have landlines installed in their homes; there
were even magicians who sequestered themselves in the mountains as far
away from civilization as possible. To accommodate them, there existed a
group of specialists in communication known as couriers. After ringing the
designated summoning bell, a courier would appear and deliver mail to any
recipient regardless of location... That is, of course, except in another world.
Before long, jingling chimes like Santa’s sleigh bells could be heard
drawing nearer. When the jingling came to a halt, the thicket in the garden
outside began rustling and trembling as though a small animal was hiding
within.
“Huh?”
“That’s...”
The first to show surprise at this turn of events were Felmenia and
Liliana. They were likely bewildered at the sudden appearance of
something without sensing any magicka at play.
Eventually, a lone girl hopped out of the thicket like a hare. She wore
baggy red trousers with suspenders and a white shirt. She carried a red, jam-
packed bag slung across her body that was the very picture of a mailbag.
She also donned a red hat with adorable fake rabbit ears poking out of it.

