Chapter 1: Back Home
There exists a theory that states the world is an infinite existence. This
doesn’t refer to the physical space of the world, but rather the number of
worlds within “the world” at large. Such worlds are called parallel worlds,
as they exist parallel to one another in the image of a master world. They
could also be called counterfeit worlds, in that sense.
For example, people who are alive and well on Earth may not even exist
on a parallel Earth. Or a policeman who lives his life in the righteous light
of day might be a criminal lurking in the dark underbelly of society in a
parallel world. To take it to the very extreme, the roll of a single die could
have six different results in six different parallel worlds.
For every “something someone did,” for every “something that
happened,” for every “what if,” and for every regret, every changed mind,
and every wish for things to play out differently... an entirely new parallel
world was given form.
Now, the existence of separate worlds is a completely distinct theory
from that of parallel worlds, though perhaps such worlds could also be
called counterfeits...
Blue sparks flickered into the air atop the lawn of a certain mansion
garden. But the dancing phosphorescence illuminating the area was no
natural phenomenon. No, it was the light of mana.
The lights crawled across the ground in lines, drawing geometric
patterns within a circle. At first, what looked like a rogue current that
escaped the bounds of electrical resistance shot out of the ground. It then
grew in brilliance, making it impossible to tell it was the dead of night.
The light eventually grew dimmer and dimmer, and when it died down
enough, five silhouettes could be seen standing atop the circle: one man and
four women.
The ritual in front of Suimei’s residence in the other world was
successfully completed and the teleportation circle had activated without
incident. Suimei, Felmenia, Lefille, Liliana, and Hatsumi were now safely

transported to Suimei’s home world.
And so Suimei took his first step in a very familiar garden. It lay behind
the house it shared a lot with, running quite contrary to the typical Japanese
trend of having a single garden in the front yard. It was made to mimic a
Western park, including the brick sidewalk that ran through it. There were
also garden chairs and tables, manicured hedges, and even a small gazebo
further within.
The brick sidewalk was uneven after some bricks had sunken in more
than others. Spots of rotten wood were visible on the table and chairs from
prolonged exposure to the elements. And the frosty gray gazebo in the back
was slowly being overtaken by ivy.
There were several plaster dolls placed around the garden as if to liven
up the place. They looked like the kind that might start moving once night
fell, but little did the casual observer know they were made to move day or
night. They were traps strategically placed around the garden on purpose,
making this garden perhaps the most dangerous place in the entire estate.
Suimei turned around to face the rather stately Yakagi mansion. It was a
Queen Anne-style house with hints of Meiji and Taisho era architecture.
The entire building was decorated with medallions as a ward against evil
spirits, and even had a small tower to top it all off.
Suimei’s gaze, however, drifted towards the veranda. Through the
frosted glass, he could see the vague contour of a rocking chair inside.
I’m really back.
Homesickness had long taken root in Suimei’s heart, and relief welled
up in his chest upon seeing his father’s rocking chair.
The sun had been shining when Suimei and the girls departed the other
world, but it was the dead of night here in Japan.
The time is different...
Realizing that, a sudden anxiety assaulted him. It wasn’t as though he
hadn’t predicted this possibility, but there was nothing that could be done
about it now.
Suimei would be thankful if any errors in his calculations merely
amounted to a small time discrepancy. But if they added up to something
larger, that would be a very serious problem indeed. If time passed
differently between this world and the other, Suimei’s home world very
well may have left him behind. And the bigger the difference was, the

further behind he would be.
As Suimei prayed in his heart that he wouldn’t become a real-life
Urashima Taro, he could hear an excited voice behind him.
“It’s really... bright.”
It was Liliana, who was looking out of the garden and towards the city.
Her usually half-open, sleepy eye was like a saucer. The other two visitors,
Felmenia and Lefille, were similarly wide-eyed.
Once night fell in the other world, it was essentially pitch black outside.
The only beacons in the dark were the moon, the stars, and the occasional
manmade fire. Major cities had mana lamps here and there, but they were
largely used to safeguard public order where nobles lived. They weren’t
found just anywhere.
But things were different in this world. Japan in particular had exterior
lights all over, and the local streets were often illuminated with warm light
flooding out of neighborhood homes. Even in the dead of night, it was
never really dark.
This was especially true looking towards town from the Yakagi estate,
which sat on a slightly elevated lot. It had a terrific view of the city—an
especially remarkable sight to anyone who had never seen such a thing
before.
Lefille suddenly looked up to the sky, as if drawn by something.
“Suimei-kun, there’s a light moving up there... Is that a star?”
“That? Nah, pretty sure that’s an airplane—a vehicle that carries people
around.”
“That’s a vehicle?!”
“B-But Suimei-dono, isn’t that quite far up?!”
“Yeah, I guess it is. The takeoff and landing zones are pretty far apart, so
I’m pretty sure they get up to altitudes over ten thousand meters.”
“T-Ten thousand...?”
Suimei had already taught his three visitors the colloquial units of
measurement, so they were aghast to hear him say the plane was so high up
in the air. Lefille turned to Hatsumi for confirmation, and she gave her an
affirmative nod.
“So that’s... a machine, was it? Those things made of very intricate
devices?”
“Yeah. There are things like that all over this world.”

The three girls stared in wonderment at the city and the airplane a while
longer before finally turning around to get a look at the building behind
them.
“So is this your house, Suimei-dono?”
Suimei nodded at Felmenia’s question, and the three visitors once again
stood there staring in astonishment.
“It’s quite large, isn’t it?”
“It sure is big.”
“It’s... really... huge.”
“...Right?”
Of the girls, Hatsumi was the only one whose tone had an edge of
exasperation.
“Is it?”
Suimei had lived in this house ever since he was born, so its size didn’t
particularly impress him. He knew it occupied somewhat more land than
the other houses in the area and was somewhat more lavishly made, but it
didn’t hold a candle to the luxurious properties people had overseas. Over
in America, even normal people lived in absurdly large homes.
So for Suimei, whose mystical work had him flying all around the
world, the girls’ surprise upon seeing his house was beyond his
comprehension. Unable to ignore his typical obliviousness, Hatsumi let out
an astonished sigh.
“A normal house doesn’t typically have a third floor, you know?”
“Oh, right.”
“Um, Suimei-dono, is your estate not larger than Duke Hadorious’s?”
“If you count the garden, his place is probably bigger. But I guess we
might have more floor space here, huh?” Suimei replied in a frivolous tone.
At this, Lefille began rubbing her brow.
“Suimei-kun, is your family perhaps quite rich?”
“Well, our wealth is commensurate with our family history, I guess,”
Suimei said with a shrug as though it were no big deal.
Hatsumi followed up by elbowing him in the side.
“Lefille-san, don’t listen to this liar. Pretty much all the lots in this
neighborhood belong to Suimei’s family.”
“The entire neighborhood?”
“Yeah. If not for that, there’s no way we could’ve gotten a house built

right next to his so quickly.”
Hatsumi looked over to the neighboring house as if to guide everyone’s
gaze. Right next door, you see, was the Kuchiba residence. In stark contrast
to the Yakagi mansion, it was of a thoroughly Japanese design.
Furthermore, it even had a dojo attached to it. The plot it occupied was
considerable, and the house itself was also quite large.
Needless to say, Felmenia and the others were amazed by it as well.
“So you really are rich...”
“Well, magicians need both land and money.”
Just as Suimei claimed, both wealth and land were important to
magicians. A certain purchasing power was necessary to acquire the tools
and resources required for magickal study. Moreover, rituals differed
greatly depending on factors such as geography and feng shui. Acquiring
suitable land was a top priority, and that took money too. In short, it was an
absolute necessity for magicians to maintain a certain level of affluence. In
a way, they were the very antithesis of humble storybook heroes content
with noble poverty.
Suddenly out of nowhere, the sound of a revving engine cut across the
yard. Seemingly surprised by what she assumed to be an explosion,
Liliana’s body trembled with a start. She then turned towards the direction
of the sound.
“What was... that? It seems like... it’s getting... farther away.”
“Eh, that was probably some hotrod. Or maybe a souped-up bike. It’s
pretty normal to hear loud noises like that around here, so you don’t really
need to pay them much mind, okay?”
Giving it some thought upon returning home, Suimei realized that the
other world was rather quiet. It was unusual for there to be a racket unless
there was an emergency or notable celebration. Meanwhile, this world was
filled with noise at all hours of the day. Suimei hadn’t really felt that way
before, but he was keenly aware of it now that he’d been away for some
time.
And as such reflections occupied his mind, Hatsumi let out a sigh of
relief. Taking a closer look at her, there was no longer any trace of tension
whatsoever in her face. It seemed it had finally sunk in...
“We’re really back, huh?”
“Yeah, though it’s honestly kinda weird that’s what hit it home.”

“Seriously. A roaring muffler just lacks elegance.”
Hatsumi puffed out her cheeks in resentment like an unspeakable
irritation had welled up within her. But it didn’t last long. She abruptly
deflated her cheeks and, without warning, leaned against Suimei’s chest.
“Hey now... What’s with this all of a sudden?”
“...I’m just really glad. We’re back. I thought this might never happen.
That I might never see my mom again. So...”
“Yeah.”
Hatsumi was letting out all the anxiety that had been mounting within
her, and Suimei gently stroked her head as she vented. The words spilling
from her mouth laid bare how touched she really was, and her golden hair
fluttered as if brushed by a wave of emotion. That was just how happy she
was to be home.
But just then...
A sudden burst of mana could be felt coming from the house.
“That’s—!”
“!”
Felmenia and Liliana immediately jumped to action upon sensing the
sudden accumulation of mana. They took on combat postures with shrewd
movements and let their own mana overflow without hesitation. Even as the
source of the manaburst drew their gazes, they kept a vigilant watch on
their surroundings. Both girls were prepared for the possibility that the burst
of mana was just a decoy. Their precise, tactful reactions were exactly what
you’d expect from two seasoned mages... No, magicians.
As for the sole resident of the house, Suimei was languidly scratching
his head with a sigh. He wasn’t surprised at this turn of events, and he
certainly wasn’t alarmed. The gentle rosewood aroma wafting over the
garden alone told him that the source of the mana wasn’t an enemy.
The atmosphere that fell over the area felt heavy, as if everything was
being crushed by the weight of the unidentified mana. Looking at it closely,
the black of night even appeared to be tinged with a deep, violet, magickal
hue.
A pronounced shadow, slightly darker than the night itself, slipped out
the back door of the Yakagi mansion. As it did, Suimei placed his hands on
Felmenia and Liliana’s shoulders, telling them not to worry. They calmed
their overflowing mana as the shadow turned into a distinct silhouette and

