Suimei grasped Felmenia’s outstretched hand, which was trembling like
a junkie’s, and confiscated the chocolate bar she was going for.
“Suimei-donooo, that’s so cruel...”
“Seriously. These are bad for you if you eat too many. How many were
you planning on having?”
Suimei decided to do Felmenia a favor and get rid of the temptation
himself. But the moment he unwrapped the foil, Felmenia lunged at him
with a glint in her eyes.
“Om!”
“H-Hey! Menia! The hell are you doing?! Hey! You’re drooling on my
finger!”
“Nom! This is your fault for stealing my chocolate, Suimei-dono!”
“Don’t cling to me like that! Um, Felmenia-san... Seriously, please stop!
Ugh, this isn’t good!”
“H-Hang on! What are you two doing fooling around?!”
Suimei began squirming from the soft sensation coiling around him.
Hatsumi, ready to tear the two of them apart in a fluster, reached forward
from the back seat. The moment she did, however, Felmenia shot a sharp
glare her way that stopped her in her tracks.
“What are you saying?! Were you not clinging to Suimei-dono yourself
right after we teleported here?”
“Huh? Ah! Th-Th-Th-That was, um... I was overcome with emotion
upon returning home! And all I did was lean against him a bit! He was no
different than a wall!”
“So I’m a wall to you?! Isn’t that a little mean?”
There, Hatsumi desperately looked to Lefille, who was just sitting there
minding her own business.
“Besides! Lately he’s just been caring for Lefille, right?!”
“Th-That’s because Suimei-kun is helping me work out some
problems... But now that you mention it, I suppose he has been rather
attentive. Thank you, Suimei-kun.”
“Huh? Oh, you’re welcome...”
Suimei gave a bashful reply, but Felmenia began screeching.
“Unfair! That’s utterly unfair!”
“Y-You were completely entranced with the grimoires in the study,
weren’t you?!”

“That’s... Actually, what’s that you’re eating, Lefille?!”
“Cotton candy. It even crackles. It’s rather amusing.”
“I want some!”
With that, Felmenia changed her target and latched on to Lefille. Even
though they were going at it mere seconds ago, she was now mysteriously
being fed crackling cotton candy by hand.
“Weren’t you two just arguing...?”
There was no logical connection between their argument and making up,
but seeing that they were more or less enjoying themselves now, Suimei
was secretly delighted that things were going well. The mood, however,
changed suddenly when Felmenia noticed something outside the window
and lost her composure.
“Suimei-dono, Suimei-dono!”
“Huh?”
“Wh-What... What in the world is that?!”
Drawn by those words, Lefille also looked out the window and furrowed
her brow.
“Goodness. What an eerie shape. It seems to be some manner of
grotesque creature.”
“Huh? A grotesque creature?”
What on earth were they talking about? Suimei didn’t have a clue. This
was Japan. Modern Japan, no less. There shouldn’t be any grotesque
creatures walking around in the middle of town in broad daylight. As
puzzled as Felmenia was, Suimei looked out of her window to see... the
town’s mascot.
“Grotesque indeed.”
“Wh-What is that thing...?”
“And who is that woman next to it? Has she enslaved the creature? She
seems to have some manner of wand in her hand.”
“Such a profane figure... It’s likely under the influence of a great evil.”
Felmenia and Lefille recoiled defensively as they watched the cartoon
mascot—which was a cross between a jellyfish and a bear—and the female
staff member standing with it. It seemed that they’d mistaken the
microphone in her hand for a magic wand. As for the mascot’s tentacles,
they apparently looked like the manifestation of a great evil. Liliana spotted
the creature shortly after the others did, and began accumulating mana so

she would be prepared for anything.
As for those who knew exactly what the creature was... They were
naturally all a little let down.
Akitsuki simply muttered, “Oh, Jellybear,” with a bitter smile.
Jellybear was a mysterious caricature of a bear with the body of a
jellyfish, somewhat based on the octopus-shaped aliens that used to be
popular back in the day. Apparently, the town committee had tried to
capitalize on the bear-based characters that were also popular and ended up
combining the two into this mysterious abomination.
And perhaps because that was simply the kind of character it was
designed to be, Jellybear was constantly shaking. The discomfort that crept
over anyone watching its body wriggle about made you wonder just what
manner of insidious magicka was behind it.
Suimei and his friends had gone to see it around the time of its debut,
and Mizuki’s first reaction was, “I can feel my sanity slowly being
drained.” The simple act of looking at it made one feel anxious—even
Suimei, whose body was steeped in the mysteries.
For the benefit of everyone who didn’t know, Hydemary then began
explaining the monstrosity.
“That’s not a creature, you see. It’s a stuffed doll with a person inside of
it.”
“Stuffed...? It’s not cute... at all.”
“Seriously. Why is it so uncute, anyway? Aren’t stuffed things supposed
to be cute?”
Liliana and Lefille both loved cute things, so they were particularly
offended by Jellybear.
“They made this bizarre chimera to capture local tastes. Japan sure is
weird, isn’t it?”
“Hey, we have cute mascots too.”
“But that’s just a small percentage of them, right?”
“I can’t deny that...”
And so the day’s trip got off to a rather surprising start.
★
Their first destination after the convenience store was the aquarium

Liliana was hoping to see. Upon arriving, they made a beeline for the
marine animal exhibits. Liliana was momentarily distracted by the large
tanks filled with swimming sharks, but they couldn’t win over cuteness.
Liliana eyed the fish tanks in passing as she quickly made her way towards
the animals she’d really come to see. Once they were finally in sight,
Liliana raised an excited voice.
“I-It’s the... seal I saw... on television!”
She sounded as exalted now as she did when she played with cats.
However, the animals in question were...
“This is actually a sea lion.”
“They’re... different? So this is... a sea lion...”
Liliana listened attentively to the caretaker explaining things, and now
understood the difference between the two animals. The caretaker and the
sea lion then began playing catch, and Liliana’s eyes were fixed on the
rubber ball as they passed it back and forth. After enjoying this for some
time, Liliana suddenly said in an envious tone...
“I want to... touch the sea lion...”
“You can’t. Animals get stressed out when unfamiliar people touch
them.”
“Is... that so?”
Liliana was utterly despondent when Hatsumi told her it would be
impossible. Suimei didn’t seem to think so, however...
“Well, if you really want to touch them—”
“Magicka... right? Understood.”
The instant she came to that conclusion, Liliana’s lone eye lit up with a
fiery passion and she began accumulating mana. A burning, prickling
sensation slowly encroached on the air around them. And upon sensing it,
Suimei naturally tried to stop her in a panic.
“No! Stop right there! Why did it come to that?!”
“Was I... wrong?”
“Yes! Seriously wrong!”
Liliana dismissed her mana and cutely cocked her head to the side.
Hatsumi then shot a reproachful gaze Suimei’s way.
“Isn’t this really your fault, Suimei?”
“A-Are you saying I’m a bad influence?”
“I mean, you always go around casting that suggestive stuff willy-nilly,

don’t you? Liliana’s just mimicking you.”
“I only cast that out of sheer necessity!”
“Suimei, this is also... out of necessity.”
“Huh? No, no, no, no, no! It’s not the same!”
“See? I’m totally right.”
With Liliana and Hatsumi both hitting him right where it hurt, Suimei
was left in a complete fluster. And as he squirmed uncomfortably, Liliana
flashed an impish smile.
“I was... just joking. I understand... the difference.”
“Ugh...”
In the end, she was just pulling his leg. Liliana had learned how to
handle Suimei lately, and was now capable of being quite mischievous.
That said, because there were also times when she crawled into Suimei’s
bed like a spoiled child, he had a hard time putting up a strong front against
her.
“But... I do still want... to touch it. What... should I do?”
“Well, the only option is to become a caretaker.”
“A caretaker...?”
“That’s what you call the people who take care of the animals here.
Look, just like that guy over there.”
Suimei pointed at the caretaker playing catch with the sea lion. They
were showing off their cooperation and had all the guests around them
smiling. The caretaker then fed the sea lion some fish and petted it, showing
off how used to him the animal was.
“I’m really... jealous.”
Liliana stared at the caretaker enviously as she continued to watch the
show with Suimei. It wasn’t long, however, before Hydemary and the other
girls—who’d been off doing their own thing—showed back up.
“I bought a present for you, Liliana-chan.”
“A present?”
Hydemary didn’t appear to have anything of the like on her. But both
Felmenia and Lefille, who’d gone with her, were grinning without saying a
word. Suimei had a good guess as to what was about to happen, and smiled
right along with them.
Hydemary took off her hat and flipped it over. After tapping the edge
several times with her wand, a puff of smoke shot out from the bottom.

When it vanished, there was a large stuffed penguin sitting snugly atop the
hat.
“Ah! Penguin!”
“It’s the cutest and finest one I could find. Here you go.”
“Thank... you...”
Liliana thanked Hydemary and tightly squeezed the stuffed penguin with
both arms. The look on her face said she might never let it go. She rubbed
her cheek against the soft-looking toy, completely entranced with it.

