“Doesn’t it? And, in all likelihood, you came here because you hate that
too, don’t you?”
The young boy paused for a moment, but didn’t wait for Hydemary’s
reply.
“You came here all on your own to stop me. But isn’t that because you
want some sort of accomplishment? Because you crave acknowledgment
from someone?”
“Ugh!”
Hydemary scoffed, suddenly becoming self-conscious about why she
was here. Why was she, exactly? Wasn’t it because she wanted a certain
boy to admit just how capable she really was?
“Ahaha! See? I’m right! You’re no different from me! You acted on your
own to try and accomplish something, yet you’ve fallen right into my trap!”
The boy sneered, laughing at Hydemary and her blunder. At this, she
snapped.
“Don’t talk like you know me! I’m nothing like you! I’m my father’s
magnum opus, the ultimate homunculus!” she screamed.
“The ultimate homunculus, huh? I don’t really care whether or not that’s
true at this point, but I’m still right, aren’t I? This makes you the same as
me. So tell me... Why are you trying to stop me?”
The blond boy suddenly began accumulating mana. When he did,
Hydemary sensed the deployment of a spell. She’d gotten caught up in the
heat of the moment and let her guard down.
“This is... barrier magicka?!”
A violet magicka circle swiftly spread out at her feet. The moment she
noticed it, her vision warped like an image reflected in a marble. It was a
spatial control spell. Violet manalight gradually encroached on everything
around her as her body felt like it grew heavier and heavier.
“I have another question for you,” the boy said. “Where is the alchemist
who created you right now?”
“M-My father isn’t here!”
“He’s not, is he? I knew it. You and I are the same. We’ve both been cast
aside by our creators.”
“You’re wrong! I wasn’t cast aside!”
“Then why isn’t the alchemist who created you here? Don’t alchemists
normally keep their homunculi by their side?”

That much was certainly true. But it was equally true that Hydemary
hadn’t been abandoned. Her father, Edgar, had simply sent her to study at
the Society for her own good.
“I was... I was sent out for training... For the sake of my own future...
So...”
“That’s an excuse. Homunculi are complete upon creation. They don’t
have futures. That ‘father’ of yours simply sent you away because he didn’t
need you anymore.”
“You’re wrong! It was for my sake!”
“Really? Where is the value in such pursuits for the likes of us?”
“That’s...”
The blond boy’s question echoed mercilessly in Hydemary’s head.
Where was the value...? It had been years since Hydemary was born, and
she’d accomplished nothing. Where was the value in her to begin with?
Hydemary’s vision began melting like iron in a smelting furnace, and
her consciousness began slipping with it. But even as everything faded, that
scornful voice rattled in her head.
★
Following shortly behind Hydemary by car, Suimei and the other girls
arrived at the remote forest. Celtic culture remained quite prominent in this
region of Europe, and forests were viewed as sacred—especially here in
Germany where they were often protected. They were frequently the setting
of famous fairy tales like “Little Red Riding Hood” and “Hansel and
Gretel.”
Many of Germany’s forests had been dramatically reduced in size for
development, but to the north lay the Reinhardswald, to the west lay
Teutoburg Forest, and in the central region lay both Thuringian Forest and
Schwarzwald, famously known as the Black Forest. Some of its great
woodlands were still well and thriving to this day.
One such forest spread out before Suimei like a gently undulating wave.
The trees were beautiful and verdant, giving the scenery a strong sylvan
aesthetic. There were small paths here and there winding through the
greenery, dotted with cottages made of plaster-white walls and vivid orange
roofs in the clearings and dales. Far up atop a mountain, Suimei could even

see what looked like a fortress.
It would have made for wonderful sightseeing on a clear day, but Suimei
and the girls were here on much more serious business. Suimei made a
small window with his fingers like he was casually deciding the angle for a
sketch and peeked through it at the ghost town in the thick of the forest.
There was a sporadic gathering of people—all dressed like the ghosts of
said ghost town—meandering mindlessly with unsteady steps. It looked like
they were being corralled for some kind of sermon. After getting an eyeful,
Suimei slid back down the oak tree he’d been observing things from, where
Lefille was waiting for him.
“Suimei-kun, how does it look?”
“Yeah, this is the spot alright. Looks like they don’t have too many guys
on guard, though.”
“Is that so...? How strange.”
Lefille was quite puzzled by the minimal security. However, this was
actually quite common with magicians. Fewer guards often meant there was
something else in store.
Felmenia, Lefille, and Liliana stepped forward, ready for action. Suimei,
however, stepped back.
“Aah, sorry. You three go ahead. I’ve got a little work to do here.”
“Work?” Felmenia asked.
“Look,” Suimei replied, putting a hand to his chin. “There’s a barrier
cast around the area, see?”
Felmenia looked and saw something like a heat haze and a carved seal
that indicated the edge of the barrier.
“We’ve already passed the barrier meant to keep people out... So what
purpose does this one serve?” she asked.
“Rather than keeping intruders out, this one is meant to regulate the
scale of the spell when they summon their god. It’s to make sure they don’t
absorb too much of nature’s power, and it doubles as a sort of cage for
whatever they bring into this world,” Suimei explained.
“H-How big is this barrier?”
“It’s pretty big. It covers the entire region.”
“And you’re... going to break it?”
“That’s right. The normal process for dealing with situations like these is
to work from the outer moat and break things down all the way to the inner

citadel... but that idiot shirked checking for traps and just snuck right in.”
Hydemary had most likely panicked when she learned the subject of the
ritual, the state of its progression, and its overall scale. For the sake of
expediency, she would have targeted the ritual directly.
“Suimei-dono, we don’t particularly mind going ahead, but what
specifically should we be doing? Are we to... support Mary-dono?”
“No, the more important goal here is to render the believers powerless.
All you’ve gotta do is put every last one of them to sleep.”
“Is that really alright? Not assisting Lady Mary first, I mean,” Lefille
asked.
“Well, I do want to save her... But it’ll be pointless if the god gets
summoned anyway while we’re doing that. We won’t be able to do much
with just us if the assimilation is successful. So we have to keep our
priorities straight: our first objective is thinning their numbers.”
“Understood. Leave that to us.”
Making that fearless declaration, Lefille was truly dazzling.
“Wow, how promising. I actually feel kinda sorry for those guys now.”
Any magician squaring off against Lefille was in for the scare of their
life. As a half-spirit, it would take a specialist to stand a chance against her.
Your average magician would be completely powerless.
“Suimei-dono! Me too! I’ll also do my best! I owe Mary-dono a great
deal!” Felmenia suddenly piped up.
“A-Aah... I’m counting on you too, Menia,” Suimei replied.
“Right!” Felmenia shouted with great enthusiasm.
After that, Suimei looked back toward the ghost town with a narrow
gaze.
“Suimei?”
“Seeing the state of the barrier, I’m pretty confident she skipped
checking things out properly and just charged right into the inner citadel.
She probably thought that smashing it up would put an end to everything.
And while I have to admit that it would, the chances of actually doing that
are... Well, let’s just say it’s an overly optimistic plan. They should already
have a certain amount of power drawn from the astral plane.”
“Where do you think... Hydemary is... right now?”
“Probably in the church. Look here. The building with the steeple.”
Suimei pulled out a few pictures of it for reference. The three girls

nodded with determined looks on their faces, probably thinking they’d
quickly defeat everyone so they could rush to save Hydemary. They were
eager to repay her kindness in taking care of them ever since coming to this
world, but they too were overly optimistic.
“Don’t go there, alright? The place is gonna be trapped for sure,” Suimei
cautioned.
“So you believe Lady Mary has already been caught?” Lefille asked.
“Without a doubt.”
Hydemary possessed very little experience, but possessed an
overflowing abundance of knowledge. That was why she had a tendency to
do things exactly according to theory. She acted in what she deemed to be
the appropriate manner for the situation, believing that other rational beings
would do the same. But because she never considered the irrational—the
illogical and the unpredictable—she also had a tendency to fall prey to
traps.
“If she weren’t caught, she would’ve settled this already. She also
would’ve fled if things had gone south, but the guys outside aren’t acting
like anything’s wrong. It’s pretty safe to say she went in as straightforward
as could be, got caught in a trap, and has now been captured.”
“W-Will she be alright?” Felmenia asked in a worried tone.
“Yeah, she’s not that fragile a girl. I can still sense her presence just fine
and everything.”
She’d most likely been entrapped by some sort of barrier magicka. The
enforcement request had specifically cautioned about illusion barriers. As
such, the most probable culprit was an enclosure-type binding barrier.
Suimei didn’t know whether Hydemary was stuck in place or if she was
stuck wandering around, but he wanted to get to her as soon as possible
either way.
“Making me worry my ass off like this... We’re even on me vanishing at
this point, capisce?”
Suimei continued to quietly mutter to himself out of concern for
Hydemary.
★
After parting ways with Suimei for the time being, Felmenia and the

other girls boldly decided on a frontal assault and headed straight for the
ghost town. They were planning to settle things with an expeditious,
decisive attack and showed no sign of hesitation in their movements.
Felmenia enhanced her land speed with an acceleration spell; Lefille
wreathed herself in a red gale and kept up with such speed that her massive
greatsword hardly seemed to weigh her down at all; and Liliana summoned
Howler to ride along on its back.
“What’s... the plan?”
“I think it’s best that I take the front. What do you think, Lady
Felmenia?”
“I agree. Lily and I will handle the enemies’ magicka.”
“Then it’s... decided.”
After hammering out the gist of things, their abrupt meeting came to a
swift end. All three girls were professionals with battlefield experience.
Their judgment was as quick as their discussion was to the point.
But one way or another, they now had their plan. Lefille would frontline
as their vanguard to take out any magicians that tried to intercept her.
Felmenia would cover Lefille while Liliana would move stealthily to take
out the enemy’s rear guard. It was a blitzkrieg approach, so to speak. As
long as they had Lefille and the power of the spirits—the ultimate trump
card against unsuspecting magicians—there was no need for any petty
tricks. All they were doing was buying time until Suimei finished dispelling
the barrier. That meant the attack itself was an exceedingly simple affair. All
they had to do was trust in their abilities, trust in each other, and trust that
they could easily surpass their foes.
Once the girls hit the abandoned town, the guards immediately took
notice. One of them—a man who seemed to have seniority—raised his
voice.
“Who the hell are you?! The Thousand Nights?!”
“We shall be getting in your way!”
It was Felmenia that loudly answered the man. It was her intention to
gather her enemies’ focus on herself, and just as planned, the guards all
began readying magicka against her.

