
Suimei had a strikingly different air about him than usual, leaving his
three visitors rather taken aback. When he stood up and impishly stuck out
his tongue, however, everything seemed back to normal.
After that, everyone followed Suimei into the enormous castle. The front
door opened the same way the gate did and revealed a rather serene
entryway. It had a grand chandelier, a red carpet, and a double staircase—
everything one would expect from the entrance of a luxurious castle. It was
almost scrupulously maintained compared to the well-worn exterior of the
compound.
There were several Society magicians scattered about inside and, upon
spotting Suimei, each and every one of them looked stunned. This was the
first time he’d shown his face at headquarters since disappearing without a
word six months ago. His colleagues were rightfully shocked to see him,
but the tension only lasted for a moment.
Suimei’s fellow magicians didn’t fail to greet him with a light bow after
their initial surprise. Such deference had nothing to do with age; both those
older and younger than Suimei met him with proper decorum. Suimei
returned the gesture in kind, greeting his close colleagues casually and his
seniors with respect.
As Suimei saw to his greetings, the girls behind him began whispering
to each other.
“Mary-dono, is Suimei-dono someone important here?”
“You didn’t know...? Well, Suimei-kun is a bit of a special case.”
“Um, Hydemary? Could it be... we ended up... becoming disciples... of
someone outrageous?”
“You sure did. I mean, he’s special enough to take on a genius disciple
like me.”
It wasn’t clear if Hydemary was praising Suimei or boasting about
herself. She was simply—apparently—the kind of person who used herself
as a metric for everything.
Suimei, however, eventually picked up on all the whispering behind
him.
“What’s up?”
“Nothing.”
Or so Hydemary said, but the girls’ faces said otherwise. Felmenia wore
a questionable smile, Lefille looked somewhat proud, and Liliana was

cowering slightly, seemingly feeling out of place.
“There aren’t many people wearing robes or carrying staffs here...”
Felmenia observed.
“We’re all more of the suit type. Also, modern magicka doesn’t fuss
over requiring a staff,” Suimei responded.
“Incidentally, speaking of... I heard that you registered at the guild in
layman’s clothes. Is that true, Suimei-dono?”
“Erk! How do you know that, Menia?!”
“Oh, that? He also apparently got into a quarrel while I wasn’t there,”
Lefille interjected.
“Ooh, what’s this about?” Hydemary asked.
“Suimei-kun essentially started a fight.”
“As careless as ever, even in another world, I see...”
As the group walked towards the reception desk, Suimei spotted
someone familiar who greeted him before he could say anything himself.
“Yo. Still alive, I see.”
“Well met, Lord Ozfield. My apologies for being out of touch.”
A good-looking Englishman in his late twenties casually waved to
Suimei. He had asymmetrically parted blond hair and a rather sturdy build.
His amber eyes appeared golden in the light, making for quite a wild
impression whenever he glared at someone. He was presently dressed in a
white vest and a black dress shirt, accentuated with a scarf dangling from
his shoulders. All in all, he looked more like a young mafia boss than a
magician.
But in truth, Alfred Ozfield—nicknamed Beatorex—was Suimei’s senior
Enforcer. He was part of the Society’s martial faction who had taken down
many mystical criminals. In terms of pure combat ability, Alfred was in
contention for the title strongest among the Society’s younger members.
“So what kinda trouble did you get yourself into this time, Suimei? Even
that ass Wiegel was complaining that you up and vanished.”
“I mean, I was only missing from this world for a bit.”
“‘From this world’? The hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Sorry, but I’ll explain after I report to the leader.”
“Oh? You haven’t seen him yet? No time to be talking to me then, huh?”
At 190 centimeters tall, Alfred towered over Suimei... making it quite
easy for him to bop Suimei on the head. Suimei simply shrugged off the

impact as Alfred flashed a friendly smile. Once he was done with Suimei,
however, Alfred turned his attention to the three visitors. He greeted them
courteously, even going so far as to remove his hat like a proper gentleman.
“Welcome to our castle, ladies.”
His figure as he did so was naturally handsome. It would have made for
a nice painting. He was such a master at this, in fact, that it completely
overshadowed the mischievous side of him that he’d just put on display
with Suimei. Suimei didn’t hold a candle to him in that regard.
Once Felmenia and the other visitors returned Alfred’s greeting,
Hydemary raised her voice.
“And what about me, Lord Ozfield?”
“You don’t really care, right, princess?”
“How mean.”
Alfred turned his back on the grumbling Hydemary before vanishing
into the shadows of the castle with a wave of his hand. After watching him
go, Lefille drew closer to Suimei.
“Is he something like your senior here?” she asked.
“Well, something like that, yeah. He worked me hard when I became an
Enforcer,” he replied.
“He does seem strong.”
“I’m pretty sure even you wouldn’t be able to beat him in a fight, Lefi.”
“Is that so? Magicka would be rather ineffective against Lefille, so I
would think she’d come out on top in close combat,” Felmenia interjected.
“No... That guy’s a major threat even without magicka. Seriously.”
Suimei lowered his shoulders, spread his feet, and raised his fists in
demonstration. Alfred’s forte, you see, was boxing. He was quite obsessed
with it, and had become the kind of monster who could knock out a
heavyweight with a single punch. If he were to make a professional debut,
he would easily become the kind of legend that the boxing world would still
be talking about generations from now. He was simply that strong, even
without all of his magicka. That was the true nature of the Society’s martial
faction.
Suimei, however, put Alfred out of his mind as he waved to the woman
behind the receptionist’s desk. She bowed deeply in response.
“It has been quite some time, Master Suimei. I’m relieved to see you
well.”

“Hello, Beltria-san. I’ve brought some guests with me. Could you take
care of the formalities?”
“Would you like to use the parlor?”
“No, I don’t think so. We shouldn’t be long, so a sofa will do just fine.”
“Understood. Also, I have a delivery for you from the Thousand Nights
Association.”
“Another one...?”
“If I’m not mistaken, a message was also sent to your branch. Is that
correct? This is a little unusual for the Thousand Nights Association... I
wonder what curious turn of events has inspired it.”
“I have an idea. Anyway, I’ll get started on it as soon as I’ve... What?!
It’s happening in Germany?!”
Suimei was glancing over the letter he’d pulled from the envelope as he
chatted with the receptionist, but had an unexpected outburst on the spot.
He could hardly believe that the target was trying to pull something in
Germany, where multiple magickal organizations were based.
“I thought they’d eventually send materials with more details... But
seriously, those damn geezers from the Thousand Nights... They really
dared to leave this out until now?”
Hydemary’s ears perked up upon hearing Suimei’s angry mumbling. She
had a pretty good read on the situation from that alone and decided to ask
him for details.
“That same case? The fact that they’ve largely identified where it’s
happening means it’s some sort of large-scale ritual, right?”
“Well... Something like that.”
“Hey, are you still not going to tell me about it?”
“Just hang on a little longer, okay?”
Suimei brushed Hydemary off with a vague reply and looked over the
map and photos that had come with the letter. The marked location was in
central Germany, and the photos showed a forest and an abandoned town.
“Anyways, Beltria-san, please take care of them.”
After confirming things with the receptionist, Suimei escorted his three
guests over to a sofa.
“Okay, I’m off for a bit. Sorry, but you’ll have to wait here until I’m
done. It shouldn’t take that long.”
“Take your time. I’m here, so we’ll be fine if anyone comes to talk to

us.”
With that, Hydemary looked around at the magicians who were stealing
glances at the group from across the lobby.
“This doesn’t really seem like the kind of place where outsiders are very
welcome, though...” Lefille remarked skeptically.
“Really? I’m sure everyone is just dying to talk to you,” Hydemary
retorted.
“Hey, it’s fine to talk and all, but don’t go blabbing about everything
before I finish talking with the leader,” Suimei chimed in.
“Are you talking to them?” Hydemary asked, turning to Suimei.
“I’m talking to you,” he replied frankly.
“What? Do you think my tongue is that loose?”
“You love bragging, don’t you? ‘I’m a genius! A genius, I tell you!’”
“Mrgh...”
Hydemary glared at Suimei for a moment, then turned away in a huff.
“Hmph!”
“What? This again? What’s been with you lately?”
“Nothing!”
Suimei let out a troubled sigh as Hydemary suddenly raised her voice.
Exchanging insults was basically an everyday occurrence with her. She
would start something, Suimei would quip back, and she would retaliate by
cynically poking fun at him. It wasn’t exactly a healthy relationship, but her
refusal to play along lately told Suimei that something was wrong.
As he was pondering how he’d pander to Hydemary to get her to change
her tune later, Liliana looked over to him with her violet eye.
“Suimei, are you going to be okay...?”
“Me? Sure. That magicka circle is basically a gate to another world. As
for explaining what’s happened...”
It would be troublesome, but Suimei wasn’t really anxious about it.
“That’s not a problem. The leader’s fundamental doctrine is to wish
happiness upon everyone. He won’t do anything weird just from hearing my
story. His dream is to see all the people of the world happy. That’s why he
founded the Society, after all.”
“All the people of the world?” Lefille asked sheepishly.
“That’s right,” Suimei answered with a confident nod before looking up
at the ceiling and declaiming that familiar mantra. “Those under the weight

of tears, remember. In this world, there is no rain of sorrow that cannot be
cleared away. Those who carry anguish, remember. In this world, there is no
blaze of pain that cannot be extinguished.”
They were words Suimei, and even Lishbaum, had recited before. They
spoke to the core of the Society’s ideals: there was no despair without end
in this world, for all who lived in it could know the hope of a new day. They
were a tool to censure those with evil intentions.
“That is what we believe.”
“Then the reason we’re really here...”
“Right. If not for him...”
If not for the Society’s leader, neither Suimei nor his beloved father
would have ever become the magicians they were meant to be... Meaning
Suimei never would have been able to save the girls he’d brought here
today safe and sound.
★
Candlelight danced within a room of four stone walls. It reached into the
darkness, but didn’t reveal the entire room. Yet mysteriously there was no
other source of light here, as if the dim orange glow was all that was
needed.
There was no exit or entrance to the room, nor were there any windows.
Only four walls. It couldn’t even be called a tomb. It was just an isolated
space. And yet there was a stylish table placed in its center with a single
candlestick sitting atop it.
How exactly had it gotten there? More importantly, how had the two
men who sat on either side of it gotten there? One of them was Yakagi
Suimei, and the other was the lord of the castle.
The latter sat across from Suimei, illuminated by the dim candlelight. He
had long hair and wore an Inverness coat. He had smooth skin and gave off
a youthful impression, despite his stark white hair. He could easily be
mistaken for a youngster, but his wise, cheerful smile gave him the
impression of a good-natured old man.
Indeed, this was the Society’s founder and leader: Heinrich Cornelius
Agrippa von Nettesheim, a great magician who’d carved his name in the
history of magicka. But despite his great prestige and many titles, he smiled

