about the whole affair. She’d accompanied Suimei here several times
already, so she was quite used to it and walked along as though this were
nothing more than a casual stroll.
Lefille, however, suddenly lowered her voice as they proceeded down
the alleyway.
“There’s quite a number of them...”
“Oh, you don’t need to mind them. None of them are dumb enough to do
anything.”
The girls were keeping watch on the shadows lurking in the darkness,
but Suimei bid them relax. After making it further down the alley still, a
flickering neon sign like what you’d see in front of a nightclub came into
view. It simply read, “Coffeeshop.”
This manner of sign was borrowed from Germany’s neighboring country
of Holland, where cannabis was often sold in such a fashion. Control over it
had been strengthened there, however, so such signs weren’t as prolific as
they used to be. Regardless, it was common knowledge in the rest of
Europe what they really meant.
Control over the drug was even stricter in Germany, however, so this
shop hypothetically shouldn’t have existed in Frankfurt. The darkness of
this particular alleyway, however, was darker than the pitch of a moonless
night.
Suimei tossed a passing glance at the dark red mark which indicated that
outsiders weren’t welcome, and headed down the stairs to a wooden door
emblazoned with the words “Jazz und Cannabis.”
“Suimei-dono... I can’t take any more...”
Overwhelmed, Felmenia suddenly pinched her nose and crouched down
to the ground.
“You can’t handle the smell?”
“My apologies. I don’t feel well.”
“Oh well... Sorry, Mary. Keep her company, will you?”
“That’s fine and all... But you’d better tell me what you learn here later.”
“Yeah, yeah. I know.”
There, Hydemary turned and lent Felmenia a hand.
“My apologies. I shall prepare some manner of countermeasures for next
time.”
“Yeah, magicians are somewhat inseparable from herbs and narcotics, so

you at least need to build up a tolerance for the smell.”
The reason Felmenia couldn’t handle it was probably because of the life
she’d lived in her home world. She was both a noble lady and an elite of the
royal palace. Considering that and the native system of magicka there, she’d
likely never been exposed to such a drug. Perhaps that was part of the
reason she’d fallen prey to Sebastian’s herbal magic so easily.
Suimei saw Felmenia and Hydemary back up the stairs, then pulled
himself together and returned to the entrance. After pushing in the slightly
jammed door, he was greeted by Friedrich Silcher’s “Die Lorelei.” For
some reason, their choice of music here ran bizarrely classical. The calming
and drowsy piece felt utterly out of place.
The interior of the shop was lit with a warm glow, but the somber stone
of the building made everything appear gray. There was resin stuck to the
cracks in the stone ceilings and walls, which really highlighted the age of
the building.
There were customers here and there, some of which looked like they’d
smoked all they could and were enraptured with eerie smiles, while others
looked like they’d just started as they blew clouds of smoke from their
lounge chairs. Meanwhile, the shop’s owner was quietly polishing glasses
behind the bar with a line of brand-name whiskeys on it.
“Oh? Well, if it ain’t Starfall. You’re still alive?” one of the customers
called out to Suimei.
“Heya, boss. Spare us a fight today, will ya?” called another.
“Only if you lot stay docile.”
Suimei replied to the customers in an irritated tone, at which they all
broke into laughter.
“We’d just be asking for trouble if we act docile!”
“Hahahaha! Ain’t that right?! Hahahaha!”
The customers all appeared to be quite excited. There were those with
frightening features, those covered in tattoos, those covered in scars, and
worse. The so-called coffee shop looked like nothing more than a den of
villainy, yet not a single of its patrons looked down on Suimei. But that
only stood to reason. The shady folks who gathered in such dens revered
scholars of the mysteries. Those who incurred the wrath of a skilled
magician and unwittingly met their fate in doing so were as numerous as the
stars. If Suimei were to let his blazing eyes flare up here, the stoned

customers would all be scared straight sober.
Ignoring the junkies for now, Suimei looked over at the owner, who in
turn glanced to his side. This was a signal, ushering Suimei to the usual
place. After heading further into the shop, he bumped into a familiar pair: a
tall man wearing a robe and a young girl wearing a long cardigan.
“Erk...”
“It’s you, Starfall!”
The moment Suimei entered her field of vision, the girl shouted out as
though she’d just encountered an enemy. She had auburn hair tied up in an
updo. At a glance, she looked Asian, but closer inspection called that into
question. Her appearance simply gave off that strange impression. As for
her companion, the tall man remained completely still and silent as if he
knew nothing of the girl making a racket next to him. He simply glared over
at Suimei’s group with his blood red eyes.
“It’s been a while, Reverend.”
“Yeah.”
Suimei greeted the tall man according to magicians’ etiquette, to which
the man gave a brief reply. And, in complete contrast to his taciturn nature,
his female companion continued making a fuss.
“I heard you vanished off the face of the earth all of a sudden.
Something about you being unable to bear the Society’s teasing anymore
and running away.”
“No one’s teasing me, and that’s got nothing to do with you.”
“Hmph. I see you haven’t changed at all. You could tell me anyway, you
know?”
“I have no intention of playing nice with you.”
As Suimei coldly shut her down, the tall man grabbed the girl’s
cardigan.
“Let’s go, Leo. Our business here is done.”
“Huh? Hang on! You’re gonna rip it! My sweater! You’re stretching my
sweater!”
The tall man then grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and dragged her
away. As they walked off, Lefille knit her brows.
“Were they acquaintances of yours? Both of them seemed beyond the
ordinary.”
“Well, yeah. They’re dangerous. The reverend is probably among the

best of the best when it comes to magicians.”
“So that was...”
Lefille turned around to take another look, but the pair had mysteriously
vanished. There was no sign the door had opened.
After that and a bit more walking, Suimei at last found the person he
was looking for sitting in the back of the store—a young-looking man
wearing a long fur coat. He had ragged, uneven teeth like those of a devil
right out of a novel, and an abnormally wide mouth to go along with them.
His eyes were shining with such a fiery blaze that they could easily be seen
through his colored sunglasses. At a glance, he didn’t appear human at all.
He was currently smoking a joint, kicked back in his chair with his feet
crossed on the table like some delinquent. This was Wiegel, the information
broker that Suimei had come all this way to see. He looked just like a devil,
right down to his glowing eyes and pointy ears.
When he saw Suimei, Wiegel exhaled all the smoke in his lungs and
raised a hand in a friendly manner.
“Hey there, boss. Thought it was about time for you to show up,” he
said, his joint still between his teeth.
“I bet you did,” Suimei replied.
“So? Where’d your little vacation take you this time? Didn’t think there
was a resort in the world that I of all people didn’t know about.”
“You’ve got the right idea. It wasn’t in this world.”
Just saying that revived a bitter taste in Suimei’s mouth. Wiegel stiffened
up for an instant, then let out a grand sigh.
“Oh... So it finally happened? You walked a bit too far off that path and
ended up becoming a disappointment, did you?”
“I haven’t, damn it! I’m being serious!”
Suimei shouted at Wiegel, who flashed a teasing smile. He did seem to
understand, however, that Suimei was in fact telling the truth. As such, his
gaze wandered to the girls behind Suimei.
“So, what? Is that red-haired lady your proof?”
“I didn’t exactly bring her along to prove anything.”
With that casual reply, Suimei turned around to find Lefille narrowing
her eyes. She was glaring right at Wiegel, laying bare the power of the
spirits as if strengthening her already fortified guard even further.
“No need to glare like that. I’m not a bad guy, ya know?”

“But you are a villain, no?”
“Heh heh heh...”
Seeing Lefille’s hostility ease somewhat, Wiegel gave her an eerie smile.
“Didn’t bring the doll princess with you today, hmm?” he asked, finally
looking back at Suimei.
“I’m having her wait outside for now,” he replied.
“Oh? You keeping your cute little assistant out of this?”
“Not really.”
“Don’t be that way, boss. She fell into quite a panic when you left her
behind, ya know? She was flying all over the place and even dropped by
here a number of times.”
“Yeah, I know. She’s been awfully pouty lately because of it...”
“You said it yourself, man. The doll princess is being pouty ’cause you
were mean to her. You reap what you sow, you know?”
“I was mean...? I’m pretty sure I’ve been treating her the same way I
always do.”
“Yeah, slinging insults at each other, right? Women actually like it when
you’re nice to them, ya know?”
“But Hydemary’s...”
“It’s ’cause you’re like that that people can tell you’re a virgin. I bet you
haven’t laid a hand on any of these cuties either, right?”
“Hey, uncalled for! Can you quit calling me that every god damn chance
you get?!”
Wiegel usually went out of his way to bring it up when he talked to
Suimei, but seemingly having had his fun, he now lowered his gaze to
Liliana.
“Hey there, little lady, didja eat something bad? You’ve got some weird
things floating around you, ya know?”
Wiegel seemed to be able to perceive the malice that still lingered
around Liliana, though that came as no surprise.
“Something... really bad.”
“I was like that back in the day myself. How nostalgic.”
“That so? Actually, how’d you end up back to normal after that?”
“In my case, all I had to do was eat the poison whole. The stronger the
poison, the stronger I become. I simply overcame it.”
“Hahh... That’s useless as a reference.”

“Heh heh heh, Kazamitsu said the same thing.”
There, Wiegel took another puff on his joint. Liliana clapped her hand
over her nose and mouth with a grimace, and Lefille stepped in front of her.
“So? What kinda troublesome crap didja get caught in this time?”
Wiegel asked Suimei once more.
“Well, a whole lot,” he replied bluntly.
And with that, he could feel the girls’ gazes zero in on him from behind.
“What’s up, you two?”
“I don’t even know how many times this makes now...”
“Suimei... you’re a walking... trouble factory.”
Lefille and Liliana both took a stab at Suimei, but he was long used to
his friends saying all kinds of things about him. He simply brushed off the
insult and turned back to Wiegel.
“Actually, you wanna hear something funny?”
“Oh? You’re acting awfully cool for being so serious. Tryna look good
in front of the ladies?”
“Oh, shut up... Now, as I was saying, did you know Kudrack’s still alive
and kicking over in this other world?”
“What?! Hah! Now ain’t that something! Didn’t you have him on
death’s door when he ate your lightning and got blown away beyond the
phase? But he’s still alive, huh? That ass really is past redemption.”
“Seriously. He’s even gone and grown fucking horns. The hell is he
doing? It’s beyond poor taste.”
“Hahaha! Now that’s Kudrack for ya! He become a devil or something?”
There, Wiegel let out a hearty laugh. This topic struck quite a chord with
him. But when his fit of laughter subsided, he narrowed his gaze as he
looked to Suimei once more.
“So? You finish him off properly this time?”
“Not yet.”
“Figures. That bastard can’t be done in by ordinary means. Granted, me
or Kazamitsu could still kill him in an instant.”
“That so?”
“If it weren’t, there’s no way he would’ve waited for Kazamitsu to kick
the bucket before making his move, right? He’s fundamentally a wuss.”
“A wuss, huh...?”
“Don’t get me wrong. I don’t mean he’s scared of dying, but he’s

