the Association had leaked themselves. It was somewhat limited in scope
and certainly didn’t include details about exactly who was coming or when.
Nevertheless, the magicians knew an Enforcer would show up eventually,
and so they had a plan in place for when the time came.
Indeed, they’d set a trap. In fact, they’d even caught someone in it. But
almost immediately afterward, the ghost town was breached and assaulted.
It came at a most inopportune time, too. The magicians had realized
someone was attempting to dispel the barrier around the area, and they’d
sent a strike force to handle it. And it was shortly after the strike force left
that the assault began, as if to say bluntly and mockingly that the barrier
interference was just a diversion.
This period right before the ritual was the time they were the most
undermanned, but it was also when they were most vigilant. Yet,
unfortunately for them, their opponents were simply out of their league.
There was the girl who trampled any and every magician that dared to
come at her using mysteries of far higher rank. There was the girl who
molded curses that would put a veteran witch doctor to shame. And then
there was the girl who used intricately detailed spells to completely
overwhelm their magicka.
None of those powers were anything that could be developed or trained
in any short span of time. It was inconceivable that such young girls were
wielding them freely. The summoning and apposition of a spirit in
particular was astounding; the only word to describe it was unthinkable.
Going up against such incredible forces, a third of the enemy magicians’
defenses were rendered powerless.
And that number was continuing to increase. The opponent giving them
the most trouble was in fact the red-haired girl wielding telesma. She was
carefreely swinging around a greatsword and manipulating some manner of
mysterious wind that was unrecorded in all the legends and myths of this
world.
The sparkling red wind was of a far higher mystical grade than anything
the magicians could muster. It blew them and their magicka away—their
gestures, their chants, and everything else that composed their spells losing
out to rank disparity extinction. If they tried to put up physical defenses, her
greatsword would tear them apart. And if they tried to evade, they still
couldn’t outrun the red wind nipping at their heels.

Facing inevitable defeat, the leader of the guards—the highest-ranking
member of the group right behind the homunculus boy—gave new orders to
his comrades.
“Stop the redhead! Use the encampment to the east!”
In preparation for the forewarned Enforcer attack, they had prepared
multiple ritual sites within the ghost town for casting large-scale spells. The
ones by the town entrance were destroyed before they were ever used, but
there were still other—
“I-It’s no good! The eastern altar has been dismantled!”
“What?! When did...”
As the leader muttered to himself in disbelief, the girl with the platinum
hair suddenly peeked out from the corner of an abandoned building... even
though she’d been supporting the redhead just moments ago.
“Oh... Teehee!”
She seemed to start in surprise upon being discovered, only to retreat
back around the corner with a giggle.
“That damn...!”
Though her childish mockery fanned the flames of his irritation, he had
no time to give chase. His comrades facing the redheaded girl were being
blown away, now with some kind of mysterious shockwave.
The redhead then approached the leader with absolute composure, her
greatsword pointed to the ground in one hand. She stood tall and proud as
the natural enemy of magicians.
The leader met her with a hostile glare.
“Are you one of those damn Enforcers?”
“Am I? Who knows?”
She gave him little answer other than a bold smile. In truth, it didn’t
really matter if she was an Enforcer at this point. The simple fact that she
was getting in their way made her an enemy.
But, just as the leader was about to invoke his magicka, he sensed mana
behind him and heard the strange sound of something cutting through the
wind. He turned around in a fluster to see a black shadow passing by his
side.
Several ominously colored feathers fluttered to the ground. The man
chased the shadow with his eyes and identified a crow cawing in a shrill
voice. Taking a better look around, there were red-eyed crows on the roofs

of all the surrounding buildings. The leader then whirled back around in a
hurry to find a young girl with violet hair standing where no one had been
before.
“Damn it...”
“Lily, cursing doesn’t suit you, okay? Also, do that outside the wind.”
The violet-haired girl bobbed her head, then leaped away like an agile
rabbit.
Not yet... I can’t let these little girls continue to mock me...
The leader’s defiant spirit was burning strong. They could still recover
from this. There was still a path to victory. Half their troops were out of
commission, but that meant they still had half their forces left. That was
more than enough to have hope.
Even if they couldn’t defeat these girls right now, all they had to do was
buy time for the summoning. As long as they could accomplish that, they
could then use the power of divinity. With that, they would be able to defeat
any opponent.
Their regulatory barrier may have already been dispelled, but that wasn’t
integral to the ritual. It merely served to keep the summoned divinity in the
most convenient state possible. Even without the barrier, the summoning
could still take place. And upon remembering that, a certain thought passed
through the leader’s head...
We just have to hold out a little longer. Nothing more.
The table had been set. The glassy-eyed magicians who’d taken the drug
were already amassed in the center of town and the summoning ritual was
in motion. It was possible the power grade of the god they summoned
would be lower without everyone there to incite it properly, but it should
still be enough. Neither these two magicians nor even the girl using telesma
would be able to stand against it.
But that was only if things remained as they were. If it was just these
three girls they were up against, then victory was still possible.
If, and only if.
And that fragile prospect was crushed in an instant. Indeed, the leader
soon detected a tremendous amount of mana drawing nearer. Indeed, he
realized that twilight was swiftly approaching from the ridgeline spreading
out beyond the trees.
“What...?”

The afternoon sky was suddenly dyed in the hues of the setting sun. The
sky was so red that it looked like a massive fire was burning just beyond the
mountains. It was far too early in the day for the sun to be going down, but
it was fading at a terrifying pace. It was like someone had hit fast-forward
on the sky as the light suddenly retreated behind the mountain range. Blue
turned to orange, orange to indigo, and indigo to darkness.
It was like all the color had been drained away, the sky painted over by
the black of night. And it was only then, in the bleak light of twilight, that it
dawned on the leader.
The magician who calls down the stars brings the night with him. He
wields a blue sword in his right hand and a golden shield in his left.
Enrobed in black clothing and lightning, he condemns all evil in the name
of the Thousand Nights.
That poem was well known among those who steeped themselves in the
mysteries. It extolled the tremendous power of the Society magician who’d
suppressed that most extraordinary of mystical calamities... the
manifestation of a red dragon. It sung the praises of Enforcer Yakagi
Suimei.
The leader could hear one of his troops audibly gulp.
“N-No way... E-Even Starfall is here?”
It wasn’t long before a Japanese boy dressed in black appeared behind
the three girls. He wore a suit—the preferred uniform of Society magicians
—embroidered with a blue rose, a flower that signified both hope and his
status as part of the Society’s upper echelon.
He carried a sword clad in a pure blue brilliance in his right hand. His
left was casually stuffed in his pocket. His face betrayed his young age, but
his expression made it clear he was as ruthless as any magician.
It seemed, despite all the firepower the girls already had on the
battlefield, their strongest weapon had only just arrived. As the enemy
magicians froze over how to respond, the girl with the platinum hair
suddenly raised a cheerful voice.
“Suimei-dono!”
“Sorry. It took me longer than I thought it would to clean up that barrier.
But they responded in good fashion and deployed a proper troop after me,
so I suppose that’s commendable. Don’t you think?”
Suimei’s blazing eyes zeroed in on the leader of the magicians, who was

stunned to see him. He never thought this would be the Enforcer they sent.
It was true he had a reputation for handling mystical crimes and calamities
related to divinity, but his whereabouts were supposedly unknown over the
past several months.
It was only here that the leader suddenly realized what was going on.
“It can’t be... That intel that was leaked to us on purpose?!”
“You got it. Both you and I have been dancing in the palms of the
geezers at the Thousand Nights Association.”
Suimei spoke in a tired voice, but it couldn’t be more obvious he was
seething deep down. There was a cold, cruel light shining behind his
blazing eyes.
“Prepare offensive magicka! Throw everything you have at him!”
The leader quickly issued the order to open fire. He told his troops to
attack for all they were worth, but they were already on it. You could say
that their wills had aligned against the massive threat before them. But in
truth, it would be more accurate to say that they were all just desperate.
High-penetration light spells came at Suimei from every angle.
“Primum moenia, expansio munitum.”
[First rampart, fortified expansion.]
Suimei pulled his left hand from his pocket and uttered a short chant. A
magicka circle took shape in the air in an instant, rotated, and expanded.
The beams of light the enemy magicians fired crashed into the circle—
which took the shape of a shield—and sparks scattered about violently. Yet
none of them pierced through. Suimei simply moved his arm and turned
about, dealing with the beams incoming from every direction as he began
his next chant.
“Secundum moenia, expansio munitum.”
[Second rampart, fortified expansion.]
And the chants kept coming, one after another. One circle became two,
one atop the other. The Golden Magnale. This was the defensive spell
Suimei was known for.
In general, barrier magicka could only be actualized by assembling all
the necessary components for the requisite ritual. One had to secure the land
where they were to set up the circle and place said components to delineate
the boundary. Even other types of reinforcement spells, such as those that
created an encampment around the caster, required a certain amount of

preparation.
However, Yakagi Suimei’s defensive barrier—a release-type fortified
barrier—was a grand barrier modeled after the defenses of a castle. It would
normally require tremendous measures and time to prepare, and was
constructed in stages.
By building the ramparts, the walls, the towers, and all other
components of a castle, each with their own effects, and establishing them
in their proper place... They all came together as key components of a ritual
to invoke even more complex magicka, unifying into a single spell in the
process.
Yet it was said that Suimei’s barrier magicka could be constructed at
impossible speeds. He could allegedly craft the whole thing in under three
measly minutes.
It consumed a rather massive amount of mana, but mana consumption
wasn’t a serious obstacle to a high grand class magician. Be it by pulling
power from ley lines or the stars, or by gathering aether from the air, there
were countless means of stretching one’s limits. And Suimei’s mana furnace
was most certainly operating at maximum efficiency.
“Mea aegis non est aegis. Prae omni oppugnatione est solida. Prae omni
impetus est invicta. Invincibilis, immobilis, immortalis. Id est ardens
aureum castrum ut colligit spiritus astorum. Eius nomen est— Mea firma
aegis! Speciosum aureum magnale!”
[My shield is not a shield. It is sturdy before any and all offense. It is
unshakeable before any and all attacks. Invincible, immobile, imperishable.
It is the shining golden castle that collects the breath of the stars. Its name
is— My firm shield! The brilliant golden fortress!]
Before long, and without allowing a single spell through, the release-
type fortified barrier was completed.
The Golden Magnale was said to have once blocked a red dragon’s roar.
Its golden light was so radiant that it left an afterimage in one’s eyes.
Multiple layers of magicka circles lay on the ground, and several others
were rotating in the air. Physical defense, mana defense, dampening, time
stagnation... As his fortress, Suimei was free to enter and exit as he pleased,
meaning he could launch attacks from within.
The biggest threat, however, was the fact that the fortress moved with its
caster at its center. The enemy magicians got a full demonstration of this—

