foolish, she still continued to behave that way. It didn’t make sense.
“Edgar always was lacking in such sensibilities. He’s quite talented, and
like me, he’s an eccentric who likes to keep his distance from worldly
affairs. That’s why he entrusted that girl to you.” There, Nettesheim’s
cheerful tone grew meek as he said, “As long as that dissonance exists, it’s
only a matter of time before she loses her way. So... when that time comes,
Mr. Suimei, you must be the one to guide her.”
Nettesheim asked Suimei to be a guiding light for Hydemary, however...
“Am I capable of such a thing?”
Suimei was unsure he was fit for the task. Why did Nettesheim have
such a high opinion of him? He was still so young. He’d yet to have a lover,
let alone a child. What did he know about guiding others? Suimei’s eyes
asked that and more as he looked to Nettesheim, who responded with a grin.
“Mr. Suimei, the very way you live speaks to your dream. You may
share common goals with all of us, but your dream belongs uniquely to you.
It’s a light that shines brighter than all else within the darkness. It’s a
childish dream of no remarkable conceit, and oh-so priceless. It is the
answer to all prayers and a beacon to light the way of the lost.”
Nettesheim recited those words like a poem, and then said...
“When people lose sight of themselves, they can still move forward as
long as there’s a light to guide their way. When even the very ground
beneath them is uncertain, they can still crawl towards the light. That’s
why... When the time comes, you must show that girl your dream.”
Finding this all somewhat embarrassing, Suimei grew even more
reluctant.
“You really think she’d stoop to something as unsightly as crawling?”
“There’s no need to worry about that. As long as you—the one who
possesses everything she doesn’t—are there, she will surely chase after
you.”
“She’ll chase after me...?”
Hearing that, Suimei couldn’t help recalling the day he’d first brought
Hydemary to the Society. She proclaimed herself a genius, unwittingly
validating everything Nettesheim had just said. It was like she staked her
very identity on it. It was her sense of self. In other words, she was
struggling against it unconsciously.
Being different from others was so, so helplessly lonely. Not possessing

anything made her so, so helplessly anxious. That constant mantra—“I’m a
genius, I’m a genius”—was a desperate cry to distract herself from what she
really felt.
★
“You’re worthless.”
“You’re unwanted.”
“Nobody needs you.”
Familiar voices kept repeating the same things. They told her she was
disposable, unwanted. That everyone thought that way.
The voices came from shadows. Familiar shadows. One had the
silhouette of the old man she idolized as her father. Others looked like her
older sisters.
“Stop... Please stop already...”
She didn’t want to hear them. Not those voices, and not those words.
Hydemary had never once thought that she’d been abandoned. She’d
believed with surety that she was needed, that people even relied on her.
But there was no silencing that lingering, nagging question in her heart.
Why was it that her older sisters—automata possessing wills—were
educated by their father while she was sent away?
There were times when it crossed her mind that she might no longer be
needed, just as the blond boy claimed. It was normal for parents to raise
their own children. For a few years, at least. But Hydemary had been given
away shortly after she was born. Was it because Edgar saw no need to raise
her? Was it because he had no affection for her as his child?
Just like that, Hydemary’s anxieties piled atop one another and
compounded. The familiar voices stabbing at her made it all the worse.
“You’re unwanted.”
“You were thrown away.”
The shadows stretched out over her as if to crush her into the ground of
this sealed magenta world. She huddled down and covered her ears to block
out the whispering shadows, when...
“Good grief...”
The shadows surrounding her were suddenly cut apart by magicka as a
new voice—a familiar yet exasperated one—reached Hydemary’s ears.

“What are you doing, genius? Getting caught in a spell like this isn’t like
you, now is it?”
Of course, the one to appear through the shadows was none other than
Yakagi Suimei.
“I see... So now it’s you, Suimei-kun.”
“Hmm?”
“You’re here to tell me that you don’t need me either, right?”
“Hey, don’t space out on me. I’m the real thing, you hear? I’m not one
of these shadows that’s been tormenting you.”
“It... It is you.”
Taking a closer look, Hydemary saw that it really was Suimei. All the
other figures had been mere shadows, but this was a real person with full
substance and color. Hydemary didn’t know what he was doing, but non-
shadow Suimei didn’t seem to be here to disparage her. He just muttered
“good grief” again in astonishment as he drooped his shoulders.
“Hey... Suimei-kun, am I an unwanted child?”
“Wha? Unwanted?”
“Yeah. Didn’t my father send me away because he didn’t need me
anymore?”
There, Suimei shook his head.
“Like hell he did. If the meister thought he didn’t need you anymore,
there’s no way he would’ve sent you to the Society.”
“Then why did he send me away? Is there any reason for me to learn
other magicka when I already have my own?”
“That...”
That, Suimei couldn’t answer. It was true that Hydemary was born into
the world with magicka of her own. There really wasn’t a need for her to go
out of her way to learn other magicka. She was already a full-fledged
magician, meaning there was no real reason to send her to the Society.
There was no reason she needed to study under Suimei or become his
disciple.
“My father made me, and then he was done with me. That’s why he sent
me away, isn’t it? He kept all of my older sisters by his side...”
At this, Suimei’s tone took a capricious turn.
“Oh, come on. Where’d your usual sass go? Don’t tell me you got all
depressed just ’cause someone said something you weren’t used to hearing.

Or did you? That why you got caught in this crap?”
“I’m... I’m being serious here!”
His nonchalant attitude was far too irritating. Hydemary couldn’t help
screaming at him, and with that, it felt like something murky and dark
began overflowing from the pit of her stomach.
“My father created me, but I was never given a task or a goal! He just
sent me away! He never even told me that I was useful as a homunculus, or
as a magician for that matter... So what good am I?!”
“If a genius like you isn’t good for anything, then what about a mediocre
chump like me?”
“What’s mediocre about you?! You can do anything! You know so
much! Everyone acknowledges you! But not me! I don’t have any of that
going for me!”
Indeed, Hydemary had no experience. She’d accomplished nothing. So
what if she was a genius? The only thing she could take pride in was the
single fact that she was homunculus. And what was that even worth? It too
was something that had been bestowed upon her.
“I was created! The power I possess, the knowledge I have, my talent...
It was all given to me! Every last bit of it! I possess nothing of my own!
Nothing!”
Hydemary screamed her lungs empty, her chest heaving up and down
for air. Even she was surprised at the loud, violent force of the emotions
within her.
She’d been created. She’d been given everything she had. In other
words, she—or an exact replica of her—could be made again. So what
worth was there in her specifically? What truly made her special? There
was no way for her to know.
But upon screaming her heart out, she neither wept nor wailed. All was
finally silent when a gentle hand fell upon her shoulder.
“Did you get it all out?”
“I’m...”
“Mary... It’s true that you’re different from normal humans. You were
born with the world at your fingertips, and you’re capable of doing most
anything on your own. But that’s not all there is to you, right? No one’s
worth is determined the moment they’re born. It’s something that gradually
takes shape bit by bit over a long, long period of time.”

“It happens... over time?”
“Yeah. People need time to grow into their own, and you’re no
exception. You don’t just get to skip that part of the process.”
“But... there’s no guarantee I will, right?”
“That’s why the meister sent you to me. So that you can acquire what
you don’t have—what you want—with your own two hands. It definitely
wasn’t because you’re unwanted.”
That was entirely possible... But there was also another possibility. If the
shadows were right and Hydemary really was unwanted...
There was no place for her in this world.
And as her vision shook from such anxieties, she looked up at Suimei
who gently smiled back down at her.
“But even so... Even if no one else needs you...”
This young man was always chasing his dreams, trying to save those
who couldn’t be saved. He was always so radiant, so earnestly running
forward. That was simply who he was. And precisely because of that, he
held his hand out to Hydemary without hesitation.
“I need you. So don’t talk about yourself like that.”
It was why he knelt down next to her, huddled up on the floor, and
beckoned her to come with him.
“You... need me? Really?”
“Yeah.”
“You won’t go anywhere anymore? You won’t vanish out of nowhere
again?”
“Yeah.”
“I hate it, you know? Being left behind like that. Do you have any idea
how lonely it is?”
“Don’t worry. I’m right here now. So...”
Take my hand, he said.
Take it and never let go, he said.
I’ll guide you to where you belong, he said.
A warmth blossomed in Hydemary’s chest upon hearing those words.
Before she knew it, the anxiety that had been tormenting her vanished like
the shadows.
“Mm!”
And so she took his hand with a grand nod. The force that pulled her up

was strong, reliable, and overflowing with confidence.
Yes, this was it. Wasn’t it precisely because Suimei was this sort of
human that she’d decided to follow him to begin with? Why hadn’t she
realized it sooner? She’d fallen to the throes of depression and ended up
dancing to the blond boy’s tune. It was a splendid trap, and a pity that she
fell for it. Oh-so pitiable, but nevertheless unavoidable.
Because Hydemary needed him. She needed Yakagi Suimei.
Suimei sat there for a short while, stroking Hydemary’s head with great
affection as though comforting a small child. But it was a pleasant
sensation, like she was at his mercy.
“Have you calmed down now?”
“Mm, I guess. That was quite the disgraceful act I put on. Utterly lame,
and completely unbecoming of me.”
“You’re right about that. Being at least this impudent is more your
style.” Suimei then let out a hearty chuckle before asking, “Can you tell
what’s going on?”
“Well... This is a mental barrier. An enclosure-type illusion barrier, no?”
“Sounds like you’re fine, then. But seriously, you’ve got some screws
loose to get caught in this kinda crap, you know?”
“Oh, I know. This is absolutely beneath me.”
Her tone was so haughty that no one would have ever guessed the height
of her despair just moments ago. But Suimei was glad to hear it, for he
accepted Hydemary as she was and—at last—things were back to normal.
“Let’s go. Time to smash this barrier and give that guy who poisoned
your mind with all that crap a good slugging.”
“Agreed. I need to return the favor for embarrassing me like that.”
With that, she took chase after Suimei as he moved to destroy the
barrier. She followed his figure, that ever-dazzling figure. And as she stared
at him running out ahead of her, a thought passed through her mind...
One day, she too would become a magician that pursued the dream we
all dream. A magician that saved people. A magician needed by someone.
Just like him.
And to that end...
“Kunng-Lei Maximum Licht.”
She spoke the words to unleash her mana furnace.

