
The white light tore through the dark of night with the whistling sound
of burning atmosphere. The moment it died out, the remnants of the white
manalight came floating back down to earth like powdered snow. It was a
truly fantastic sight.
“Oooh. It’s totally different. The last one was completely anticipated by
the spell, but this time the spell properly generated the flames and is
intervening with them.”
The magic of Felmenia’s world was based on the Elements. Said
Elements became the medium for the magic, so no matter the spell, the
effect always took a fixed form.
In the case of Felmenia’s Truth Flare, the medium was fire. So if an
opponent were to take countermeasures against fire, that alone could render
her spell powerless. However, if the fire she created wasn’t based on
chemical elements and natural phenomena—in other words, if it employed
a more conceptual fire—it couldn’t be dealt with so easily. As long as the
foundation of the flames was magical, it would be impossible to dispel them
unless the magicka behind them was unraveled. If one were to douse truly
magical fire with water, for example, it wouldn’t show the slightest sign of
weakening or dying out.
“What’s more, this spell was quite intricate and finely detailed.”
“Th-Thank you very much.”
Felmenia smiled upon receiving Hydemary’s praise. Meanwhile,
Hatsumi was still staring up into the sky with her head cocked to the side.
“I can’t really tell the difference. Was that amazing?” she asked.
“Rather than amazing, it’d be better to say it was particularly well built,”
Hydemary replied.
“There are a ton of people out there who would try to put something like
that together in a slapdash way,” Suimei added.
The magicka users of the group understood what Suimei meant well
enough, but both Hatsumi and Lefille seemed to find his commentary hard
to digest.
“Suimei-kun, you once said that magicka can’t be used unless the proper
procedures are followed, right? Is that what you’re talking about?” Lefille
asked.
“It’s somewhat like a painting. Let’s say we have two people paint the
same picture—one who pays attention to the finest details and one who

doesn’t. Their paintings might look the same from far away, but when
observed closely, you’d be able to see the rough work the sloppier painter
did. That’s the difference meticulousness makes,” Suimei explained.
“If the sloppy portions of the spell aren’t cleaned up, they can be taken
advantage of. That’s why it’s better for magicka to be finely detailed down
to the smallest intricacies,” Hydemary added.
In keeping with the painting analogy, Hydemary essentially meant that
the rougher elements of the painting diminished its value.
In the midst of this discussion, Liliana suddenly began tugging on
Suimei’s sleeve.
“Suimei... it actually seems like... spells from this world... have become
stronger.”
“Well, I mean, they utilize laws from this world, so that’s only natural.”
As she processed Suimei’s reply, Lefille seemed to realize something.
“Wait, does that mean the same is true for your powers, Suimei-kun?”
“They’re probably back to normal, yeah.”
Suimei was always diligent when it came to preparing his spells, so they
were never lacking in craft. Even outside of battle and in times of peace, he
was always fashioning them stronger and more intricate than before. He
couldn’t help that his magicka had manifested weaker in the other world,
but simply by returning to his own, he was already back at peak power.
Very suddenly, everyone but Hydemary—who already knew the true
extent of his power—was suspiciously eyeing Suimei like some kind of
swindler.
“...”
“...”
“...”
“...”
“What’s with all of you?”
When he questioned them, Hatsumi stepped forth as the representative
for Team “WTF, Suimei?”
“Suimei, are you even more of a monster than we thought?”
“Monster...? It’s not nice to call people that, you know?”
“I’m surprised... you can say that... with that... constantly lying... tongue
of yours.”
The one to utter such poisonous words with an air of astonishment was,

of course, none other than Liliana.
“I can tell you all about Suimei-kun’s true abilities if you want. But it’s
too bad. I would’ve loved to have seen him lose his cool over his weakened
magicka. Breaking down at every turn, screaming at the top of his lungs,
stamping the ground in frustration...”
“Erk...”
Hydemary had practically pinned Suimei to a T, so there was hardly any
room for him to argue with her. Especially since he was still feeling self-
conscious about the temper tantrum he’d thrown at Royal Castle Camellia
in Astel.
“But if you were to come to our world, Lady Hydemary, wouldn’t the
same thing happen to you?”
“Me? That doesn’t apply to me.”
“Oh...? Suimei-dono, what does she mean? I thought it was inevitable
that magicians from this world experienced weakened magicka once
separated from it...”
“The source of Mary’s techniques is Mary herself. They work as long as
she’s present. She does, however, naturally still require the necessary tools
to use her magicka.”
“But I always keep all those shut away in my room.”
Hydemary’s magicka was categorized as origin magicka here in this
world. It wasn’t affiliated with any specific system and was based on laws
that she herself gave birth to. Precisely because of that, the mediums and
phenomena required for her magicka were at her full disposal no matter
where she was.
And upon hearing this, both Felmenia and Liliana looked at Hydemary
in shock.
“Th-Th-That means...”
“She’s... the founder... of her own magicka?”
“Mm, that’s about the short of it.”
That was exactly it. Hydemary had created a new system of magicka,
which wasn’t in and of itself a particularly rare feat. Wielders of origin
magicka appeared once every few decades; it was more a matter of whether
or not they could manage to leave anything behind before being culled.
Those who were lucky enough to keep themselves and their magicka alive
were celebrities in the world of magicka in this day and age.

Turning from the subject of magicka, however, Suimei realized that
Hatsumi was a little restless.
“Hatsumi?”
“Yeah... I was just thinking maybe it’s about time I show my face.”
It was the amount of time she’d spent away from home that had Hatsumi
on edge. Suimei’s aunt and uncle knew he was a magician, so they likely
weren’t too worried about him. But Hatsumi was different. There was no
way they wouldn’t be worried about their daughter, and each day that
passed by without seeing her only increased that worry.
“I’ll go with you. Intruding on them with a big group like this would be
a little rude, though. The rest of you can wait in my house... Mary, take care
of them.”
“Very well. I also think that would be for the best.”
Once Hydemary agreed to the plan, Suimei looked to the other girls.
“I don’t think we should be moving around on our own.”
“There seems to be a mountain of curiosities all around, so there’s a
great deal we still need to have explained to us.”
“Knowing the local customs... is important.”
It was only natural for the girls to be wary in a completely foreign
world. If one had to be mindful of cultural differences between countries,
visiting another world was the extreme version of that. Furthermore, this
world abided by different physical laws than what they were used to. It
went without saying that they’d need a certain amount of hand-holding
while they adjusted to things.
Suimei then exchanged looks with Hydemary as she asked him a
question.
“Suimei-kun, how advanced was civilization in the other world?”
“Somewhere between the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. What’s
more, the mysteries are close to the people, so there were areas here and
there that dated even further back.”
“Wow... Aren’t they going to faint from culture shock?”
“They should be fine. I did explain what to expect beforehand.”
“I’m sure they’ll still be surprised.”
“I bet they will be.”
Suimei and Hatsumi had explained things to the girls before teleporting,
but hearing about something and actually experiencing it were two very

different things. The girls would need to see the world for themselves
before they truly came to understand it.
“Let’s go inside for now and give your parents a call.”
With that, the group headed to the back door of the Yakagi mansion. The
traps scattered throughout the yard were all automatic, programmed not to
react to the owner or any of his guests.
Suimei opened the door and instructed the three girls from another world
to take off their shoes before heading into the living room. Lying atop the
antique furniture there were unfamiliar dolls—and quite a number of them.
On the drawers, on the table, on the sofa... They were strewn all over the
place. This, of course, wasn’t a decorative choice on Suimei’s part. No, the
dolls had been put in place without his consent or knowledge. But he didn’t
even need to ask who the culprit was.
Suimei turned to look at the principal offender, Hydemary, with a
reproachful gaze.
“Say, Mary... What did you do to my house?”
“This is what you get for being gone so long. I made all of these because
I got so bored waiting for you here.”
Suimei didn’t find that a terribly good excuse for turning someone else’s
home into a dollhouse in their absence.
“And it didn’t cross your mind that this was trespassing?”
“Not really. I’m your disciple, so you don’t really mind, right? Hatsumi-
chan comes over uninvited all the time too, you know?”
“Well, you got me there...”
There, Suimei glanced over at the other person in question... But
Hatsumi was standing in the living room in wide-eyed shock.
“That’s a lot of dolls...”
The trio from another world was similarly in awe. They were each
picking up dolls and admiring their delicate handiwork.
“These are pretty impressive.”
“They’re so finely made!”
“They’re... cute.”
“Well, I’m the one who made them, and I am a genius,” Hydemary
boasted.
“You didn’t curse them or anything, right?” Suimei replied dubiously.
“There’s no way I would do something so terrible to my little children.”

“Yeah, right! What about that one?”
“That one? Oh, the Suimei-kun doll?” Hydemary asked as she pulled a
stuffed doll out of nowhere.
It was a small creation with an adorably oversized head. The doll itself
appeared to be a young man with black hair and a black suit... And that was
no coincidence, for it had been modeled after a certain someone.
“Yup. Here it is: Mini Suimei-kun v.3.”
“D-Damn it! You made more of them?!”
“Uhuh.”
“That’s nothing to be fucking proud of! Get rid of that thing right the
hell now!”
Suimei immediately tried to snatch the doll from Hydemary’s hands, but
she skillfully twirled around to evade him. Felmenia couldn’t help perking
up with curiosity at all the fuss.
“Um, what exactly is that? It must be something quite unusual for
Suimei-dono to be so flustered.”
“This, you see, is a godly item capable of manipulating Suimei-kun
however you’d like.”
“Oh?! Please! Do tell me more!”
“I’d really... really... like to play with it.”
“Hmm, now that sounds amusing.”
The moment they learned the true nature of the doll, the other girls
swarmed Hydemary. They all probably wanted to play with the doll out of
sheer curiosity, but Suimei wouldn’t stand for it.
“Stop! Stooooop! Don’t you dare let them touch that thing! And you lot!
Don’t swarm around it! Mary! Don’t you fucking touch it either!”
“Do you mind if I see it first?”
The first of the girls to step forward was Lefille, and Hydemary
congenially handed over the doll.
“Here you are.”
“L-Lefi...”
“Heh heh heh...”
Lefille let out an eerie giggle... before swiftly handing the doll over to
Suimei.
“Lefille-san...?”
“It’s immoral to make things like this, you know? The one being

