★
Hydemary’s mana amplified with a tremor. She pushed her mana
furnace to its limits, shattering the barrier from within it. Now that she was
herself again, that much was a simple task.
The illusionary world vanished and dissolved back into the interior of a
church. The church itself was likely the boundary of the barrier. And once
said barrier was gone, the lovely soprano voice of a young boy came down
from where the altar would be.
“Oh dear, so they ended up failing completely? All bark and no bite, I
see.”
A beautiful blond boy enrobed in white stood before Suimei and
Hydemary. He was the one who’d been responsible for sealing Hydemary
in the illusory magenta world. Suimei had all manner of questions for him,
including why he hadn’t interfered when Suimei repelled the summoned
god or when he rescued Hydemary, but he put that all aside for now.
Suimei and Hydemary were both vigilantly building up their mana as the
blond boy turned a question to them instead.
“Who exactly are you?”
It was particularly directed at Suimei, who gave a rather straightforward
response.
“Me? Yakagi Suimei of the Society.”
“Ah, so you’re the one they call Evening Starfall. You must be the
Enforcer.”
The blond boy calmly evaluated Suimei, who flashed his usual cynical
smile.
“You’re being awfully casual about this, aintcha? Your little scheme’s
already been blown, you know?”
“I have to correct you on one point. This was their scheme, not mine.”
“I’m sure it was all Saix’s idea, yeah... But you had a horse in this race
too, didn’t you?”
“Indeed. But in the end, it doesn’t really matter to me.”
“What do you mean?”
Rather than the boy, Hydemary was the one to answer Suimei there.
“In short, even without assimilating with a god, he’ll be content as long
as he defeats the human who repelled it.”

“That’s exactly right. If I can defeat you, who struck down a god, I’ll be
able to fulfill my goal.”
His ambition had changed partway through. That was why he hadn’t
bothered to stop Suimei outside or when he came to save Hydemary.
Indeed, the moment Suimei challenged the god and defeated it, there was a
change of plans.
He wanted to display his abilities to the world. Assimilating a god was a
concise way to accomplish that, but now that a human had repelled the
summoned god... striking that human down would be an even better
demonstration.
In short, this boy wasn’t much different than Hydemary. He was
tormented by the emptiness created by the dissonance between his abundant
knowledge and his lack of experience—the homunculi’s dilemma. All of
this was to fill the void inside him. Suimei’s heart was shaken with pity, but
the blond boy made a bold declaration from on high.
“Evening Starfall, I shall defeat you here. I failed to assimilate a god,
but if I can defeat a genius like you, it will fill the emptiness within me all
the more.”
“A genius, huh? I gotta say, I’ve never thought of myself that way.”
“Are you trying to taunt me...? Aah, it’s really working. That pisses me
off. And what would you call yourself if not a genius? You who expelled
divinity from the world. You who defeated two of the Greed of Ten. You
who struck down the red dragon that heralded the apocalypse.”
Suimei countered the blond boy’s increasingly theatrical tone with a
self-deprecating smile.
“I’m no genius. I just never know when to give up.”
“Say what you will, but the world judges you otherwise.”
That much was certainly true. The way one thinks of themself and the
way the world thinks of them are two different things, and the individual
rarely has control over how the world esteems them.
“Anyways, I’m not your opponent.”
“Are you telling me to defeat your disciple first? The self-proclaimed
masterpiece who fell right into my trap?”
“The very one. This time, try beating her in a proper magicka battle
without any sly tricks. You manage that, and I’ll take you on all you want.”
“You sure are looking down on me.”

The blond boy then turned to Hydemary, who pointed her wand at him.
“You really got me good,” she said. “I never thought you’d play a hand
like that.”
“It only worked because your heart was so unguarded. I never thought
you’d break out of it. You could’ve escaped from all those painful thoughts
if you’d just shriveled away within that barrier.”
The blond boy began amassing mana, and the scenery of the room began
to warp.
“But you’re still far too careless. This church is my encampment. I have
more than one barrier prepared here.”
With that, the dizzying warping grew more violent with the shrill shriek
of what sounded like grinding metal. It was likely the aggravation of
phenomena from the establishment of his completed magicka. The boy then
spoke the words to activate his barrier.
“Oh barrier! Manifest!”
A magicka circle deployed at his feet and a manalight dome as white as
flour encircled Hydemary. It was positioned just like a defensive wall, but
there was no way a barrier like this was meant for protection.
The boy held out his hand and slowly pantomimed crushing something
within it. Following the movements of his fingers, the dome began to
shrink. The contracting barrier compressed space itself, putting pressure on
Hydemary with the intent of obliterating her.
The homunculus boy was indeed a master of barrier magicka. This in
particular was an activated-type constriction barrier. Not even high-
penetration spells were likely to breach it from the inside.
So how would Hydemary deal with it? Suimei simply observed as he
kept himself on guard.
Hydemary suddenly pulled something from her breast pocket. It was a
favored magickal item of hers, a pack of cards. She opened it and artlessly
scattered the playing cards within around her. Then...
“Wirbelwind!”
[Whirlwind!]
As the barrier contracted, Hydemary used wind magicka to blow her
cards in every direction. They flew this way and that, plastering the inside
of the dome. And just when they were all in place...
“Kartensoldaten, greift an!”

[Card soldiers, attack!]
She let loose her next chant. Under its influence, the cards began
transforming. They grew larger, sprouting gloved arms and booted legs as
they did. They were just like the card soldiers from Alice in Wonderland.
Some carried swords, some spears, and some even shields. They all
grappled with the barrier at once, bravely volunteering their bodies to
suppress the contraction.
“Hahaha! Do you really think you can stop my barrier with such simple
means? This is beyond foolish.”
“I don’t think this’ll stop it either.”
“Wha?!”
Hydemary’s mana swelled and flooded the area as if to drown out the
boy’s voice. The air crackled alive with electricity, the sound of which was
almost lost among the creaking of the building and its furnishings under
Hydemary’s pressure from within the barrier. The mana pouring out of her
turned into a torrent of light, which ascended to the ceiling of the dome like
a rising dragon.
“Th-That mana...”
“You won’t last if this is all it takes to surprise you!”
Hydemary shouted at the boy, who was clearly shaken by the
manifestation of her mana. She then pulled a single book out of thin air.
“A grimoire? No, that’s not...”
“No, it’s nothing that impressive. It’s just a picture book.”
With that, Hydemary gave the boy a flash of the cover. It was indeed a
well-worn picture book decorated with an illustration on the front under its
English title. The letters were written in a large, easy to read font. It was
unmistakably a children’s book, and appeared to be nothing more. It held no
value as a magicka item. It was, as Hydemary said, simply a picture book
“Through the Looking-Glass?”
“Yup. This was the first thing my father ever gave me. Just a well-loved
book.”
“Hmph. And what’re you going to do with that?”
“What am I going to do, you ask? I’m a magician, aren’t I? There’s only
one thing to do.”
“That can’t possibly be a magickal item. Like you can do anything with
that...”

“Oh, I can. And I will. After all, my magicka is...”
Indeed, Hydemary’s magicka was origin magicka.
In general, spells were formalized combinations of actions such as
primitive prayers and wishes. The exact actions required by a particular
spell were determined by its system of magicka, but they were constants.
Said actions were fixed, and not something an individual caster could alter.
Except for Hydemary, that is. The actions required for her spells could
be completed using whatever process she wished, readily bringing about the
exact result she intended as long as the input matched the output.
Essentially, as long as she supplied the correct amount of mana to warrant
it, she could wreak anything she desired.
Hydemary Alzbayne’s magicka was known as Die Kleine
Spielzeugkiste, or “The Little Toybox.” It was magicka that used anything
considered a child’s toy as a medium to manifest her dreams. As for the toys
children used to stave off boredom... Dolls, stuffed animals, playing cards,
and magic sets were all fair game to her. Even picture books.
And so, holding her picture book open in one hand, Hydemary began
chanting her spell.
“’Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe;
All mimsy were the borogroves,
And the mome raths outgrabe.”
It was a nonsense poem known around the world, famously explained to
Alice by Humpty Dumpty, that told the story of a bewildering monster slain
with the power of a magical sword.
The pages of Hydemary’s picture book flipped wildly as she channeled
her magicka through it. Pale lightning sparked from it, forming a glowing
beam. Hydemary reached into the beam with her right hand, projecting her
mana into the book and pulling a blade from it in return.


“He took his vorpal sword in hand:
Long time the manxome foe he sought...
One, two! One, two! And through and through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!”
But it wasn’t just any blade that Hydemary drew from her book and
thrust at the blond boy.
“Do you think that sword could possibly break my barrier?!” he asked in
disbelief.
“Vorpal Sword: Vanity Cutter!”
It was a blade that cut through all magicka and nonsense with the power
of truth. As if in demonstration, Hydemary sliced into the contracting
barrier with aplomb.
“This is the magicka-slaying sword. All falsehoods are fated to be cut
down by it.”
And just like that, her vorpal blade rent asunder the boy’s barrier,
reducing it to nothing before it could accomplish anything.
★
Things ended quickly after that. The blond boy likely never thought his
contracting barrier would be broken, and was summarily swarmed by the
card soldiers who escaped it. He hardly put up a fight and was swiftly
rendered unconscious.
“That was unexpectedly lame,” Hydemary frumped.
“Well, he was up against you...” Suimei replied nonchalantly.
The two homunculi were fundamentally on different levels to begin
with. Hydemary was the magnum opus of the famous Doll Master, while
the blond boy—though capable of great things—possessed so little ability
that his creator had dismissed him.
In that sense, this result was inevitable. It should have been obvious
from the start. It was actually quite an achievement that he’d temporarily
captured Hydemary, but in an outright magicka battle, the scales were
hopelessly tipped in her favor.
Suimei was now looking down at the collapsed boy. With all the intel
he’d gathered, he had a grasp of the boy’s situation. After being created as
part of a certain alchemist’s experiment, he was dismissed and left to

