
“Heehee.”
Hydemary was giggling like an adoring older sister. She was, in fact, the
younger of the two, but it seemed she’d taken such an attitude with Liliana
because she was far more innocent.
“The penguin show will be beginning shortly.”
“P-Penguins!”
The sea lion followed the caretaker to the exit, and a new caretaker came
in with a line of penguins behind her. Liliana was getting everything she
wanted out of her aquarium trip, and she watched the new show with a
sparkle in her eye.
★
After enjoying the aquarium, the group stopped at a dessert buffet to get
their fill of cake. It was Lefille’s personal request, but in truth, all of the
girls were looking forward to it.
Upon entering the shop, they were greeted with a lineup of cakes for the
buffet. There were shortcakes, chocolate tortes, fruit tarts, cheesecakes,
mille-feuilles, and much, much more. There were cakes of every size,
shape, and color to dazzle the eye.
“Y-Y-Y-Y-You’re saying we can eat as much of this as we want?!”
“Ooh... This must be heaven...”
Lefille was unusually excited. Practically drooling, even. Felmenia
sounded completely enraptured, and was offering her thanks to Alshuna.
Liliana, however, suddenly realized something as she surveyed the shop,
furrowing her brow with a troubled look on her face.
“I thought so... back at the aquarium too... but we really stand out.”
“Well, yeah.”
“Is it because... we look like... country bumpkins?”
“Nope, not at all.”
The three visitors from another world were indeed behaving something
like country bumpkins in the big city, but because they looked more like
foreign tourists, nobody was sneering at them or looking down on them. In
fact, quite the opposite. A good deal of the attention they were getting was
thanks to their looks, as every single one of them was quite a beauty. They
stood out even if they didn’t want to, so it was only natural that all eyes fell

on them. This was only further confirmed by the nasty looks and death
glares Suimei was getting.
After settling in at their table, Hatsumi rose from her chair.
“I’m sure you guys aren’t used to this, so I’ll show you how it’s done.”
“Please do, Lady Hatsumi!”
“Hatsumi... is the ultimate hero!”
The visitors from another world all sang Hatsumi’s praise. Suimei was
then left at the table to mind their belongings while the girls took a lap
around the buffet, eventually returning with jam-packed trays of cake. They
were apparently intent on eating everything. Suimei also liked sweets, but
he felt his stomach churning just from imagining the sheer amount of sugar.
Felmenia took her seat and was suddenly overcome with emotion.
“Such luxury... Even though I only came to this world out of a desire for
knowledge...”
“Considering all that cake, I don’t think knowledge is the only thing you
were hungering for...”
“No! This too is in the pursuit of knowledge—the knowledge of making
sweets!”
“What the hell kind of knowledge are you seeking again?”
“This isn’t even everything, Suimei-dono!”
“And you plan on mastering absolutely everything, right?”
“Of course!”
Felmenia firmly clenched her fist in the air and let out a puff of air from
her nose, such was her vigor. Suimei found this quite charming of her, but
he could hear a stifled laugh from next to him.
“Hmm...? Lefi?”
“So light... And so, so very fluffy...”
Lefille began muttering while staring at a mound of whipped cream on
her plate. Right now, she looked just like she did when she admired cotton
candy as a little girl. She was far enough within her own world to rival
Liliana’s enthrallment when she was watching the animals on television.
“Heehee... I bet not even Princess Graziella has ever experienced such
luxury.”
Lefille finally returned to her senses and beheld the massive quantity of
cakes before her with a gaze somehow more dreadful than Felmenia’s. She
looked like a carnivore staring down its prey. Indeed, it seemed she was

trying to decide where to start.
“Want me to take a picture so you can show off?”
“Oh, speaking of, shall we buy some as a souvenir to bring back as
well?”
Contrary to Suimei’s expectations, Lefille suggested something rather
kind. What had spurred such a curious change in attitude? Suimei tried to
recall Lefille’s previous interactions with Graziella, but all that came to
mind was the two of them hurling insults at each other.
“Do you two actually secretly get along somehow?”
“Certainly not! A souvenir would just be tangible evidence of such
luxury! I have absolutely no intention of going out of my way to do
anything for her!”
“But you will take her cake?”
“That’s... Well, yes.”
After watching Lefille talk herself into a corner, Suimei shrugged his
shoulders in an exaggerated manner.
“Yeah, okay, right. You don’t get along at all.”
“Mrgh! Don’t think you’ve had me so easily!” Lefille declared
vehemently as she sampled her first piece of cake. “Wow... This is
delicious.”
“I’m glad.”
While Lefille and Suimei were going at it, Felmenia took a look around
the table. Liliana was engrossed with chucking cakes into her mouth, while
Hatsumi slowly worked away at a slice of matcha cake and Hydemary tried
a bite of everything with great criticism. Felmenia then looked over at
Suimei’s tray.
“Oh? You didn’t get much, Suimei-dono...”
“This’ll be enough for me.”
“This is ’cause Suimei suddenly developed a taste for bitter stuff at some
point. Here, I got some dark chocolate cake for you.”
“Oh, thanks, Hatsumi.”
Hatsumi moved a slice of chocolate cake from her tray to Suimei’s. As
the two of them chatted away, Hydemary observed them with a critical
gaze.
“That felt remarkably natural.”
“This is it! This is where I sense a gap between the rest of us and

Hatsumi-dono!”
Picking up what Hydemary was putting down, Felmenia suddenly began
raising a fuss. Suimei had no idea why, but he could tell that the mood was
taking a turn for the worse, and so he tried to smooth things over in a hurry.
“I mean, all she did was give me something she already had, right?
Actually, what’s even the big deal, anyway?”
“Th-Then here, Suimei-dono! This one is from me!”
Giving away her cake would mean that she’d have to go and get another
slice, which doubled the effort—a realization Felmenia seemed to come to
as Suimei accepted the cake from her.
“Here, half for you.”
Suimei had expected this much, and began cutting the cake
accordingly... when all of a sudden, Felmenia’s eyes began sparkling.
“Aaaaah!”
Seeing this, Hatsumi and Lefille were shocked.
“Bwuh?!”
“Lady Felmenia! What are you doing amidst all this confusion?!”
With the two of them in a fluster, Suimei naturally fell into a fluster as
well.
“Wh-What?! You want me to feed you?!”
“Exactly! Aaaah!”
Felmenia had a huge smile plastered on her face as she grasped Suimei’s
hand and pleaded with him. Overpowered by her intensity, he wasn’t quite
sure what to say. Lefille, however, had a diplomatic proposal.
“Fine, then... But in exchange, we’ll also do the same,” she quietly
mumbled.
“Very well,” Felmenia agreed.
And so they settled on a deal, leaving the person in question entirely out
of the decision.
“Wait, hang on... How’d it come to this?”
“Think nothing of it. Lady Hatsumi, you would also find it unfair if you
didn’t get to participate, right?”
“Wh-Why are you asking me?!”
“I was simply being polite. Does this mean you wish to be left out?”
“Hang on! I didn’t say that! Suimei, feed me too!”
“I don’t really get it... But if that’s what you guys want, then fine.

There’s no need to fight about it.”
Suimei completely caved. It was somehow decided that he would be
feeding the three of them cake. And at this juncture in the discussion,
Hydemary finally piped up.
“So this is what you’ve been up to, Suimei-kun...”
“Don’t act like this is normal. This is a... Well...”
He was about to say that this was a first, but suddenly realized he might
be wrong about that.
“Hmph. You sure do get along.”
“Well, yeah.”
“...”
Hydemary looked out the window and continued to eat her cake in
silence. Suimei could tell that she wasn’t quite herself, and inquired about it
with his head quizzically cocked to the side.
“Hey, Mary, you in a bad mood or something?”
“Not really.”
“...?”
In the end, Suimei couldn’t decipher the nuances of Hydemary’s
unexpected behavior.

