its footsteps drew nearer.
Before long, the silhouette stepped out into the moonlight, revealing
what appeared to be a magician. A silk tophat with a red ribbon wrapped
around it. A wand tipped with a brilliant gem. A dashing, tailor-fit, ironed
tailcoat. The whole ensemble just screamed magician.
And the one wearing it was an innocent-looking girl about Felmenia’s
height. She had black hair, and her skin had both the smooth stiffness and
lovely luster of porcelain. Her eyes reflected the scant light of night like
sparkling gems, and her face was completed with slender eyebrows and a
thin nose.


Her face was absolutely expressionless, but her tone and presence made
her wrath quite clear.
“SUIMEI-KUN!”
“Yo. Long time no see.”
The girl in the magician’s outfit was none other than Hydemary
Alzbayne, Yakagi Suimei’s disciple-cum-assistant-cum-familiar.
“Oh!”
Taking a closer look at the girl who was trembling in anger as she drew
nearer, Hatsumi suddenly let out a gasp of realization. She’d met Hydemary
once or twice before and recognized her once she could see her clearly.
“Jeez! Where! Exactly! Have! You! Been! All! This! Time?!” Hydemary
yelled in an unusually shrill voice. “And what’s this?! You brought back a
gaggle of girls?! Explain! Just what’s going on here?!”
Her choice of words made her sound like a hysterical woman who’d just
discovered her lover was cheating on her. Hydemary closed in with quick
strides, and Suimei immediately threw his hands up in the air as if to
surrender.
“Let me say this before anything else: It wasn’t my fault. I’m the victim
here.”
“How exactly are you the victim, Suimei-kun? Vanishing into thin air
without saying a single word to anybody is a complete failure as a high
grand class magician, you know?”
“That’s harsh.”
“It’s unforgivable to run off and leave your disciple behind in the dark.
Right? Am I saying anything strange here?”
Abandoning all restraint, Hydemary fired off her complaints at Suimei
in rapid succession. She’d built up quite a stockpile of ammunition while
she was waiting and she was now ready to unload it all at once. She was as
expressionless as ever, but Suimei was familiar enough with her body
language and tone that he could tell just how angry she really was.
Before he dealt with Hydemary, however, there was something Suimei
urgently needed to know.
“Mary, let me ask you something first. Exactly how much time has
passed since I broke contact?”
“Half a year! HALF! A! YEAR! You’ve been gone for six months and
thirteen days, Suimei-kun!”

“I see.”
By Suimei’s estimation, that was about how much time he’d spent in the
other world. He couldn’t be sure down to the day, but a week or so either
way was well within the margin of error. So, upon hearing Hydemary’s
answer, a great sense of relief washed over Suimei. She seemed to pick up
on the subtle change in his expression.
“What are you so relieved for? That’s not all there is to you being gone,
you know? Do you have any idea what kind of effect your disappearance
has had all over the—”
“I know, I know...”
“Really? Do you really know? Let’s limit the dumb antics to your face,
shall we?”
As impertinent as ever, Hydemary didn’t forget to casually throw in an
insult for good measure.
Meanwhile, the four other girls were downright astonished by this
exchange. You could say that Hydemary had thrown them all for a loop, but
they were also stunned by Suimei allowing himself to be so railroaded.
As for Suimei...
“Mary, how did the leader and the others take it?”
“You mean how did the Society react when you vanished? The same as
usual, I’d say.”
“Meaning?”
“The leader just said, ‘Well, this kinda thing happens. Vanishing for ten
or twenty years is pretty common for magicians. Mhm. Pretty common.’
And Professor Nicolas was all, ‘I predict that the little rascal got caught up
in something fun! This is Suimei we’re talking about!’ You know?”
“Hahh...”
Suimei unintentionally let out a sigh. Was the fact that they weren’t all
that worried about him good or bad? It at least meant they trusted him to a
certain extent, but Suimei was finding it hard to be happy about that under
the circumstances.
“Of course, the chairman was in a bad mood.”
“I bet he was.”
The chairman Hydemary mentioned was the one serious figure among
the three oldest members of the Society who served as its top brass. It was
only obvious that he’d be angry over a sudden break in contact. Anyone

could guess that Suimei had gotten caught up in some sort of incident, but
Suimei still had his position to consider.
Suddenly, Hydemary leaned in and brought her face closer to Suimei’s.
She appeared to be demanding an explanation, but her cuteness severely
compromised any intended intimidation.
“So? Where exactly have you been all this time?”
“Uh, you know... Just in another world,” Suimei replied rather frankly.
Hydemary’s gaze instantly felt colder than a Siberian winter.
“So you finally turned out to be an utter disappointment, huh, Suimei-
kun? You’ve read too much manga and too many light novels, and now you
think you’re some kind of hero, do you? How sad...”
“Yeah, except I’m totally not kidding. Why don’t you take a look at that
circle over there? It’s pretty neat, you know?”
“What circle? Hmm...? HMM?!”
Hydemary didn’t show her emotions on the surface. Or rather, she
couldn’t. It wasn’t as though she didn’t possess any; she was simply
expressionless. The fact that her eyes shot wide open in surprise now was
beyond unusual—it was outright extraordinary.
“Hahh... So even you react to it like that, huh?”
“What is this? It goes beyond the path to the astral plane... No way!
There’s even a teleportation point set on the other side! What is this?!”
The teleportation circle was completed at the same time as arriving here.
It was something like opening a tunnel between the two worlds.
“Is this real? It’s not some kind of elaborate trick to cover a mistake you
made or anything, Suimei-kun?”
“It’s real.”
“Wow, now that’s amazing. Won’t you-know-who go crazy over this?
Doesn’t it use things like the Fermi paradox and the Drake equation as a
running start and then just take off completely?”
“Yup.”
“So? What’s the meaning of this?”
“I was summoned. And it took a super long time to figure out a way
back. A genius like you can more or less figure out the rest, right?”
“Mm. In short, you’re a careless idiot who got caught in someone else’s
coerced teleportation, right?”
“Don’t be unreasonable. There was divine power involved in this. I

couldn’t do anything about it.”
“Says the inhuman jerk who thwarted the apocalypse and drove divinity
out of our world? You certainly don’t sound like the great magician who
keeps racking up achievements that will go down in the annals of magicka
right now. Shouldn’t you check your humanity before spouting off like that,
Master Suimei?”
“Don’t poke fun at me.”
“I’m not really poking fun at you or anything though,” Hydemary said,
letting out a deliberately loud sigh, though still completely expressionless.
Perhaps she was trying to give the impression that she was deeply
exasperated by all of this.
“Sorry for troubling you.”
“Seriously. I took three laps around the world looking all over for you,
you know? Do you hear me? Three. Whole. Laps. If you hadn’t shown up
tonight, I was just about to go mountain climbing in Antarctica, you know?”
She looked for me that hard?
“...Er, I’ll treat you to some candy later.”
“You had better.”
Hydemary puffed out her chest in resentment. Her behaving like this
was a pain for Suimei, but right now, he felt far too guilty to be irritated by
it.
Sensing a break in the conversation, Lefille took the opportunity to clear
her throat.
“Ahem... Suimei-kun, is now a good time?” she asked with a cough.
“Oh! My bad,” he replied.
“Honestly. It’s bad manners to ignore everyone else while you railroad
the conversation,” Hydemary chimed in.
“You really gotta say that kinda crap each and every...”
“Bleh!”
Hydemary stuck her tongue out in response to Suimei’s reproachful
gaze. Both her verbal abuse and gestures were extremely childlike... Not
that that was out of character in her case; she really was a child.
“So does all this mean these girls... are people from another world? And
you brought them here? Other than Hatsumi-chan, of course.”
“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
“Mm. Long time no see, Hatsumi-chan.”

There, Hatsumi and Hydemary approached each other and shared
greetings. Hydemary played the part of Suimei’s friend from overseas
whenever she visited his house, so she and Hatsumi had crossed paths
before and were well acquainted by now as a matter of course.
“I guess we’ll start with introductions,” said Suimei, directing
everyone’s attention to Hydemary in lieu of a host.
He cleared his throat just like Lefille had earlier, and ushered Hydemary
to step forward.
“This is Hydemary Alzbayne. She’s a magician affiliated with the
Society, the same organization I belong to. She’s also my disciple.”
“Indeed. I’m Hydemary Alzbayne, the genius magician who’s more or
less serving as Suimei-kun’s disciple,” she said as she twirled her wand
around, took her hat off, and bowed precisely as a stage magician would.
Both Lefille and Felmenia were at a loss for how to respond to such a
bold introduction. It wasn’t every day that someone proclaimed themselves
a genius, after all.
“A g-genius?”
“Is that really something you say about yourself...?”
“I’m extremely, extremely, reluctant to admit it, but Mary here is
actually a bona fide genius.”
“Aren’t I amazing? Teehee.”
Upon receiving Suimei’s endorsement, Hydemary pridefully puffed out
her chest. Suimei, however, quickly tacked on one last thing.
“Also, she isn’t human.”
“What...? Suimei-dono, do you mean that in the sense that she’s a
magician?”
“No, I really mean she’s not human. Mary is a so-called manmade
lifeform. A homunculus.”
“A homunculus?”
“Manmade? You mean to say she was created artificially?”
Felmenia and Lefille were unable to hide their bewilderment upon
hearing the word homunculus. But who could blame them? Artificial life
was practically unheard of, and those who knew its secrets often avoided it
for both practical and moral reasons. After Suimei briefly explained exactly
what homunculi were, however, the girls’ bewilderment only increased.
“That all sounds quite... murky.”

