“So Lord Nettesheim is still saying things like that...” Edgar replied with
a sigh.
That was about the answer Suimei had expected. It seemed Edgar wasn’t
a personal friend of Nettesheim’s after all. Considering how old Nettesheim
was and when Edgar had risen to prominence, it didn’t add up anyway.
“So, Suimei, did Lord Nettesheim tell you why he sent you here?”
“He only told me to come pick up an assistant.”
“Well, that’s one way of putting it.”
Edgar nodded, seemingly having expected this. The matter of “picking
up” an assistant, however, was the other thing Suimei had puzzled over on
his way here... So why did Edgar seem so unsurprised at the phrasing? The
furrow in Suimei’s brow grew deeper.
“You look like you don’t understand what’s happening here.”
“I can’t say that I do. There’s a lot that doesn’t make sense to me.”
“It certainly isn’t something that Lord Nettesheim would normally say.
Long ago, when I was about your age, I showed Lord Nettesheim the first
doll I created. Which was far inferior to the children we make these days,
mind you.” Edgar paused and looked up at the ceiling before continuing,
“But at the time, Lord Nettesheim... Well, his attitude was as gentle as
always, but he treated it like an object. Back then, just like now, my goal
was to create a living doll. So that was quite vexing to me.”
“He said something like that...?”
Nettesheim had denounced the handiwork of the famous Doll Master as
a mere object—an insult beyond any sense of strictness.
“Thinking back on it, that was a reprimand from Lord Nettesheim. I ran
away from my mentor to his side. It was nothing but arrogance on my part.
At the time, I thought I could dominate all within my grasp. So his choice
of words here is a reminder of that time—both an instruction and warning
from Lord Nettesheim to judge myself at all times and to put my heart into
it,” Edgar said with a smile, seemingly pleased at the message. “Now,
we’ve gotten off track.”
“Oh, certainly not. This has been most interesting,” Suimei replied
politely. “However, you mentioned children earlier. Does that mean...”
“Yes. I am also a resident of this estate,” Annaliese answered with an
elegant curtsy.
In other words, she too was one of Edgar’s creations. However, that

being the case, there had to be a source of mana to power her. Dolls weren’t
capable of moving on their own, yet this girl seemed to be moving without
a puppeteer to manipulate her. The only thing Suimei could think of was
that she’d been charged with mysticism at the time of her creation, making
her capable of generating mana on her own even without a caster. This girl
must be a standalone doll, and Suimei’s eyes sparkled with awe and respect
upon arriving at that answer.
“My wife and I consider pretty much all the dolls of this estate our
children.”
Edgar glanced over toward his desk, on top of which sat a picture of a
young man and woman. The man looked like a more youthful Edgar, while
the woman had features that resembled Annaliese’s.
“My wife was unable to bear children, you see. This was the only way
we could leave something behind.”
“So the assistant you’re sending to the Society is...”
“One of my daughters, yes.”
There, Annaliese put her hand to her cheek in a troubled manner.
“But she was raised to be the most selfish of us all. I wonder if it’s
because she’s the youngest...?” she mused.
“She’s still young. Everyone starts life that way. She’ll be learning from
now on,” Edgar clarified.
“So this daughter... She isn’t independent as a magician yet?” Suimei
asked.
“That’s right. And so you’ve been selected to provide her with guidance
while she serves as your assistant,” Edgar explained.
“But I’m also still not—” Suimei started to protest.
“There’s no need to be so humble, Suimei-sama,” Annaliese cut in.
“You’re an extraordinary magician who rid the world of a red dragon. You
are far from inexperienced.”
“But that’s not really something I did on my own...”
It was true that Suimei hadn’t defeated the dragon alone. It was a victory
only made possible with the hard work of several magicians who risked
their lives to accomplish it. Suimei had contributed, certainly, but he didn’t
think that made him qualified to instruct anyone else in the ways of
magicka. Even as a high grand class magician, taking on a disciple required
remarkable leadership and experience. And Suimei, who’d only been a

magician for ten years all told, believed he was far too green for the job.
“Suimei, you’ll be working on being able to take a proper disciple.
Understood? You can think of this as a rehearsal until you’re ready to teach
a disciple magicka from scratch.”
“Is it really alright for me to be doing this?”
“It’s quite fine. You are Kazamitsu’s son, after all.”
“...”
Suimei scratched the back of his head shyly at that comment. Hearing
such praise in his father’s name made him feel somewhat bashful.
“Also, about the girl you’ll be taking in... She’s unique among her
sisters,” Edgar continued.
“How so?” Suimei asked.
“She was born from a flask,” Annaliese answered.
That phrase struck a chord with Suimei.
“You mean she’s a homunculus?” he asked.
“My wife came up with the theory before she died. And now that my
techniques have finally caught up, I was blessed with the opportunity to
create that girl.”
“I see... But for your techniques to ‘finally catch up’? That’s rather...”
Edgar’s story was outright astonishing. For the fabled Doll Master to
chase a theory... It must have been some theory. Just how well-made was
this daughter of his? Suimei couldn’t even begin to guess.
“I’m still just a puppeteer. I had fairly extensive knowledge of alchemy,
but my wife was the best of her time.”
“Meaning someone has surpassed her now?”
“Lord Nicolas is probably the only one. But even he was overtaken by
her in her day.”
Edgar’s expression remained stiff as he spoke fondly of his wife. It was
rather frightening to think anyone had ever overtaken the monster professor.
But putting that aside, Edgar turned to Annaliese.
“Well then, Ann...”
“Yes. Suimei-sama, right this way, please.”
Annaliese, who was standing at Edgar’s side, walked over to the door
and bowed to Suimei. It seemed she was going to guide him the rest of the
way too. After giving Edgar a light bow, Suimei followed after her once
more.

★
When meeting someone for the first time in their own home, it was
customary to meet in a reception room of some sort. Yet even though
Suimei was completely new to the Alzbayne family and residence, he was
being shown immediately to Edgar’s youngest daughter’s bedroom. Edgar
was Suimei’s senior by both age and rank, but this was still a somewhat
improper way to treat a magician who’d come as an envoy of Nettesheim.
Nevertheless, Suimei obliged as these were extraordinary circumstances.
“Homunculus.” The term was generally used to identify the artificial
lifeforms created with alchemy to prove the theory behind the product of
the Lapis Philosophorum. They were capable of human speech the moment
they were born and naturally possessed vast knowledge. However, on the
other hand, their small bodies were said to be so fragile that they couldn’t
survive outside the flasks they were created in.
In all likelihood, that was the very reason she hadn’t revealed herself yet
and why Suimei was now being escorted to her personal chambers. He and
Annaliese eventually arrived at a room in the corner of the second floor
and, unlike at Edgar’s office, Annaliese stood to the side of the door and
curtsied as if bidding Suimei to open it himself.
“This room belongs to our youngest sister, Hydemary. She’s expecting
you, Suimei-sama.”
Suimei complied and put his hand on the doorknob, but he was curious
as to why Annaliese was just standing there. He’d assumed she’d be coming
with him like she had before, yet she showed no sign of doing so.
“Annaliese, are you not coming in?”
“My apologies, but we would like you to enter this room alone, Suimei-
sama.”
“That’s fine... But can you tell me why?”
“You could say it’s a selfish request of Hydemary’s. If you would like to
know more, you’re welcome to ask her once you meet her.”
Meaning this should all make sense once I’m inside?
“Understood.”
There had to be some sort of reason behind this roundabout meeting.
But, urged on by Annaliese, Suimei opened the door and entered the room
alone. The moment he did, a gentle fragrance tickled his nose like rosewood

incense was burning somewhere. The aroma calmed his heart, but at the
same time, it had a strange, impure effect like the ylang-ylang oils and
Laoshan sandalwood incense witches often used as aphrodisiacs.
The room, however, was packed with classy, white furniture that
appeared to have been imported from France. And sitting atop it—bed,
chairs, and all— were bisque dolls. The room was otherwise decorated with
floral patterns and white accents, giving it the impression it belonged to a
princess or some other noble lady. But nowhere among all the high-class
decor and furnishings could Suimei spot anything that even resembled a
homunculus’s flask. He looked down at the floor and let out a sigh through
his teeth as he tried to get a grasp of the situation.
“What’s going on?” he muttered to himself.
He then turned around and reached for the door, intent to ask Annaliese
about all this. But...
“Huh?” he uttered in disbelief.
For when he twisted the doorknob, the door wouldn’t budge an inch.
“Hey! The door’s locked! What’s the meaning of this?!”
Even as he struck the door, no answer came from the other side. As his
distraught voice echoed through the room, however, his trained magician
eyes realized that a barrier was being deployed. The doorknob sank into the
door, and the distinction between the door and the wall gradually vanished.
I’m trapped.
The moment he realized that, mana suddenly began building up behind
him. There didn’t seem to be anyone in the room, but Suimei considered the
welling mana enough to be a threat. Just where was the owner of this room
hiding? Or was this mana something else entirely? Suimei narrowed his
gaze and carefully scrutinized his surroundings.
From what he could see, the dolls decorating the pretentious room were
what really stood out. He’d learned just earlier that almost all the dolls of
the house were Edgar’s personal creations, and after witnessing Annaliese,
he could only assume they were the source of the mana. Yet in spite of that,
he couldn’t actually detect any mana coming from them.
It was a puzzle for sure, but Suimei didn’t have much time to think it
out. Because all of a sudden...
“Los geht’s.”
[Here we go.]

“!”
A woman’s flat voice resounded through the room. At her signal,
magicka circles took shape around several of the dolls like belts, and they
began moving like awkward marionettes. It was like they were unused to
being alive. They curiously moved their arms and their legs, then twisted
their bodies about. But when they seemed to have adjusted, they suddenly
all leaped towards Suimei at once.
“Ugh!”
Suimei artlessly swung his arm and mowed down the dolls with his
mana. The dolls were successfully repelled, but the recoil sent Suimei back
into the wall. Without giving him a moment’s rest, the same flat voice spoke
up once more.
“Jetzt kommen, mein niedlicher Teddybär.”
[Now come, my cute teddy bear.]
The woman’s strange, unaffected tone had a mystical air to it. What she
said was far too ridiculous to be a chant, but there was no mistaking that’s
exactly what it was. As proof, a teddy bear appeared midair the moment the
words left her mouth. It was a rather cute stuffed animal that didn’t appear
to pose any sort of threat, but the magicka that had created it was another
story. It didn’t appear to belong to any known system, leading Suimei to
believe it was origin magicka. As such, Suimei thrust out his left hand to
repel it with strike magicka, but...
“Fass!”
[Take hold!]
“What?!”
The teddy bear seized Suimei’s hand with surprisingly deft movements.
And when it did, an unbelievable weight assaulted his arm.
Urgh! This is... a magickal shackle?
Was the teddy bear itself constructed using a curse? Suimei was unable
to shake it off, and mana was no longer flowing to his left hand. The left
side of his body was being pulled to the floor.
Suimei tried to dispel the curse, but as he did, the dolls rallied and
steadily began closing in on him. Did they too have some sort of magickal
effect like the teddy bear did? Or did they possess some other power
altogether? Five dolls sidled up to Suimei. And perhaps as a portent of the
next spell being put into play, a card case on a nearby table began clattering

