
Meanwhile, however, the visitors from the other world and Hatsumi had
been stunned into silence. They were all gawking at Suimei with befuddled
looks on their faces.
“Hmm? What’s up?”
Unsure why everyone was suddenly staring at him, Suimei quizzically
cocked his head to the side. A bewildered Felmenia spoke up on behalf of
the group.
“Um, Suimei-dono, the seven-year-old you mentioned just now...”
Looking at all the confused girls in turn, it suddenly dawned on Suimei.
“Oh, come to think of it, we never told you, huh?”
“Hey, Suimei... Have you been keeping quiet about something extremely
important again?”
“Er, well... It’s just that it’s only been seven years since Mary was
created.”
Suimei plainly confessed the truth, feeling a little bad about forgetting to
mention it sooner. What he said, however, left Lefille reeling in shock. She
looked at him in simple disbelief.
“That can’t be. I mean, she’s far too tall and smart for that to be the
case.”
“As I’ve been saying... that’s ’cause she’s a homunculus. They grow
differently from normal humans.”
“I-Is that so...?”
Lefille’s head was still spinning, but Liliana’s lone eye shot wide open.
“Hydemary... is that... true?”
“Mhm. I’m seven.”
When Hydemary answered with an affirmative nod, Liliana froze. She
stared up at the girl that she’d believed to be older than her in absolute
silence. It seemed her brain was struggling to get a handle on the situation,
but that was perfectly understandable. Hydemary had turned out to be half
her age, after all. In absolute bafflement, she began mumbling to herself as
she counted on her fingers.
But she wasn’t alone in this predicament.
“N-Now that is quite...”
“I-Isn’t this a rather serious development?”
Both Lefille and Felmenia were still equally bewildered. Hatsumi,
however, looked to Hydemary with a blank expression.

“I thought we were about the same age...”
“You can just keep thinking of her that way,” Suimei replied on
Hydemary’s behalf. “She’s seven years old, but that’s seven homunculus
years. They don’t play by human rules. Kinda like how we think of dogs
and cats, you know?”
“Stop right there, Suimei-kun,” Hydemary finally interjected. “Is that
really what you think of me?”
“I mean, it was the only comparison I could think of.”
Nevertheless, it wasn’t a good analogy. Hydemary was rightfully glaring
at him.
“Okay, well, uh... Let’s get going.”
“Hey! Suimei-kun, that’s inexcusable! Hey!”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it. So let’s go already. Everyone, get in! We’re
leaving.”
“Jeez, you... We’re going to settle this properly later, you hear?”
Hydemary stomped into the magicka circle with enough force that it was
almost comical.
And so, shortly after that, Suimei clapped his hands together. As the
pleasant sound lingered in the air, the magicka circle began overflowing
with manalight.
“Dimensional connect.”
Suimei recited the keywords to activate the spell, and they were whisked
away to another world... all without realizing that someone was watching
from the shadows.
“Heeheee! I knew I hadn’t seen him for a while, and here he’s stuck his
neck into something that looks so very fun! Way! To! Go! Me! You sure
know how to have fuuuuuuuun, Suimei-kun! As your number one fan, it’s
only right for me to take chase, right?! RIGHT?!”
An insane voice resounded through the Yakagi estate garden.

Side Story: The Magician and the Doll
Princess
A boy let out a heavy sigh, which turned into white mist before
vanishing. The chill that spread through his lungs was refreshing, but just
when had it gotten so cold? Winter was still far away, but the temperature
changed drastically the further up the mountain he climbed.
It was said that every thousand meters above sea level dropped the
temperature by ten degrees. And with the fluctuating autumn weather, it
wasn’t all that strange for the mountain air to be quite chilly. But this
intense cold was nothing to be sneezed at.
“Why did I have to get sent to a mountain like this right after arriving in
Germany...?”
The boy idly complained to himself, standing directly above a fir forest
as he looked up at the bright sunshine beaming through the clouds. He
heaved another sigh, which looked not unlike the clouds overhead before it
too vanished into the atmosphere.
On this day, modern magician Yakagi Suimei was deep in the mountains
of Germany on the orders of Nettesheim, the leader of the Society. Now,
speaking practically, anyone who self-identified as a “magician” was likely
to get suspicious looks regardless of whether they were telling the truth or
not. To most people, after all, magicians were something out of fiction.
Merlin, Morgana, Odin, Circe, the three witches from Macbeth... If one
were to start listing all the examples, it would take forever. But if you asked
ten different people, they would all tell you the same thing: “Magicians
aren’t real.” That was common sense. All normal people knew about, at
best, were stage magicians.
However, that didn’t change the fact that magicians were indeed very,
very real—even in the modern world overrun with science and technology.
And they were just like the magicians of fiction that everyone thought of
when they heard the word. They unraveled the mysteries and manipulated

wondrous phenomena.
In fact, magicians had guided humanity with their extraordinary powers
since antiquity, largely contributing to the world’s prosperity. They
facilitated all scholarly pursuits, beginning with natural philosophy, and it
was no exaggeration to say that they’d built the foundation for the wonders
of the world. However, in the modern era, their achievements were
superseded by science and their existence had gradually been relegated to
the pages of fiction since the days of Robert Boyle.
And so, in the present day and age, the mythical creatures known as
magicians continued to pass down their knowledge of the mysteries in the
shadows. One such creature was a boy from Japan, Society magician
Yakagi Suimei.
Suimei came to a sudden stop. Just how long had it been since the
mountain path disappeared? No matter how much he kept walking, all he
could see around him was the same verdant scenery.
Scowling at the cold air, he took both a regular map and a star chart out
of his bag and threw them on the ground. He then muttered a few strange
words as he glanced up at the sky before taking another good look around
him. When he did so, the two maps were now in a different spot on the
ground from where he’d thrown them.
“Hmm... At least I’m not lost.”
He was still going in the right direction. All he had to do to arrive at his
destination was press forward. But in spite of that, all he could see in front
of him was a thick, dark forest. The evergreens were packed together so
tightly that visibility was grim.
A dark forest was hardly an obstacle for a magician like him, however. If
he just used magicka to illuminate the path, he would reach his destination
without issue. But rather than resorting to magicka, Suimei lazily pulled a
flashlight out of his suit pocket.
“Hmm?”
Click, click...
The switch on the flashlight let out a futile cry. It was functionally
useless.
“Well, crap. It’s broken. Man, he really went all-out for me, didn’t he?”
Indeed, the flashlight had been a birthday present from Suimei’s best
friend—something he’d given him right before leaving Japan this time.

Suimei hadn’t used it even once yet, but it had apparently died without ever
giving him the chance to.
Suimei scratched the back of his head in a troubled manner, and then
returned his birthday present to his suit pocket. Technological devices often
malfunctioned in the hands of magicians. The more one steeped themselves
in the mysteries, the more they separated themselves from science.
Sometimes their very touch was enough to render devices that depended on
it inert.
Such was the case with Suimei’s flashlight, which had given up on him.
But this wasn’t an entirely new experience. Far from it. It wasn’t that
uncommon for the turnstiles or the automatic doors at the train station to
give him grief.
Now, a flashlight was a relatively simple device. It couldn’t really be
called high-tech. But nevertheless, modern ones still used things such as
organic electroluminescence, diodes, and the like, so they were far more
advanced contraptions than they once used to be.
It was likely exactly that that had done Suimei’s flashlight in. But even
so, having something as simple as a flashlight break in his hands like this
was a first. That meant there was a possibility something else was at play
here. It was something people often heard about, or sometimes even
experienced for themselves, at certain holy sites or haunted grounds.
Cameras, lights, and radios would suddenly cease functioning.
According to magickal theory, electromagnetic waves had a nature that
made them highly susceptible to the mystical. Electromagnetic waves were
important in the world of mysteries as a wavelength of light, but they also
held great significance in the sphere of science as part of the theory of
universal eternity. That’s why it was said that the closer something was to
mystical theory, the harder it was for electromagnetic waves to function
properly on a purely scientific basis—meaning there was a possibility that
there was a mystical presence in the area so strong that it exerted a constant
influence on any electronic device.
A barrier, huh?
Indeed, the abnormal cold of the forest wasn’t solely because of the high
altitude. Its bleak darkness wasn’t just because of the tree cover and clouds
overhead, either. And, very similarly, Suimei’s flashlight hadn’t broken just
because he was a magician.

In short, there was a barrier here that ensured anyone who entered the
forest unwelcomed would lose their way. Along with the unnatural chill and
looming darkness that threatened to swallow you whole, it was more than
enough to deter any ordinary intruders.
Suimei could palpably sense an invisible boundary right in front of him.
But even so, he didn’t hesitate to step forth. The sensation of his own
footsteps was unreliable at this point. He couldn’t feel the branches and
leaves he was treading upon, let alone the firm earth under them. Unlike
regular darkness, it felt like he’d stepped into a physical night—one that
clung to his skin like moisture. Walking into it was like sinking into a black
sea. It was enough to send any normal person running the other way, but
Suimei pressed onward confidently.
Eventually emerging on the other side of the treeline, a blinding light
assaulted Suimei. When he could finally see through the afterimage burned
into the back of his eyes, a paved path opened up before him. It was so
neatly laid and inviting that it made him doubt the bleak journey he’d been
through to get to this point.
“I guess my destination is at the end of this path.”
He could vaguely see the silhouette of a building up ahead. Surely that
was his objective. The mission that the leader had given him this time
around was a rather odd one.
“Congratulations. Now that you’re a high grand class magician, we’ve
decided to grant you an assistant. An old friend of mine lives where I’ll be
sending you. I’d like you to go pick up your assistant from him.”
Suimei’s face had twisted up quite severely upon hearing that. The
leader of the Society, Nettesheim, was known for pushing unreasonable
demands on others with an innocent smile. Virtually everything out of his
mouth begged a quip back.
In any event, it was quite common for magicians to sequester
themselves away in remote locations. Be it in the middle of the mountains
or on a completely isolated island—the more secluded, the better. Suimei’s
only suspicion here was that this place wasn’t recorded on the ancient map
at Society HQ.
The ancient map was an artifact that accurately reflected changes to the
landscape in real time. Suimei believed it to be definite and absolute, yet for
some reason... this location wasn’t marked on it. When he’d asked the

