about.
However, the use of multiple magickas at once backfired on the caster.
Suimei was able to pinpoint their location by identifying the source of their
psychic chill and by tracing the movement of mana. They were right in
front of him.
“There you are...”
Suimei ignored the teddy bear still attached to his left arm and thrust his
right arm out to attack a doll atop the bed with strike magicka. A satisfying
snap resounded through the room. However, the doll dressed up like a stage
magician leaped out of the way, further back into the room.
“Oh my, you found me.”
The magician in question—who turned out to really be a young girl—
stood up and addressed Suimei in the same flat, unaffected tone she’d cast
her spells with. She’d apparently been hiding herself as a large doll all this
time. She wore a tophat and tailcoat, and carried a magic wand just like a
stage magician. Her long, black hair flowed down her back, and her pale
skin had a beautiful porcelain sheen to it just like a doll’s.
She was taller than Annaliese, but shorter than Suimei. After twirling her
wand around, she took off her hat with her left hand and lightly bowed to
him. Not only was she dressed like a stage magician, she was carrying
herself like one too.
“Good day to you. Are you the magician from the Society?” she said.
“That’s right. And I guess that makes you the assistant who’s supposed
to come along with me,” Suimei asked indirectly.
“I wonder? That depends on you,” the girl replied mockingly.
Based on what Edgar had said earlier, this was most likely his youngest
daughter—the homunculus. As such, Suimei had never expected her to be
freely moving around outside of her flask, the shelter for her very life. It
was a testament to the incredible and terrifying capabilities of both Edgar
and his wife as alchemists.
But as Suimei calmly assessed her, Hydemary kept her mana deployed.
It seemed she was hoping for a fight.
“Isn’t this a rude way to treat a guest?” Suimei asked dubiously.
“You’re supposed to be a pretty strong magician, aren’t you? Put in
some effort to at least live up to your name, Evening Starfall.”
“Hmph.”

Suimei scoffed at the nickname someone or other had given him. He
then began invoking his magicka, boldly staking his claim on the first move
after their brief introductions.
“Invocato Augoeides, et sagitta!”
[Invoke Augoeides, and fire!]
Suimei fired down radiant rays of mana from small magicka circles
overhead. As he did, the girl immediately deployed a rampart over her. His
mana collided with her rampart, and sparks of manalight scattered
everywhere, causing the room to flicker with blue and white. But in spite of
the spectacle, the rays showed no signs of penetrating the rampart. And
upon verifying that she had completely blocked Suimei’s attack, Hydemary
spoke up in the same humorless fashion.
“Here’s payback.”
With that, she drew magicka circles overhead identical to the ones
Suimei had just used. It seemed she was planning on using the same attack
—a rather skillful maneuver. Was she able to read the spell from a single
use? Or was she just imitating it?
“Defense shift, overlay.”
Suimei swept his hand through the air, first vertically downward and
then horizontally from right to left as if making the sign of the cross. As he
did, a hexagram manifested at his feet. It was part of a magicka circle
designed to deploy like an enclosed sphere. The hexagram gave off a pale
green glow and its outer circumference swiftly enveloped Suimei like a ball
right before Hydemary’s mana rays crashed into it.
Once it was all over, Suimei quickly made his next move. He dashed
forth as if to attack Hydemary from the flank, sharply changing course at a
right angle. He accumulated mana in his right fist and invoked a spell, a
rotating, belt-like magicka circle appearing around his wrist. The was
Lagline Bells, the ultimate punch Suimei had learned from Lord Ozfield
himself.
But it seemed the girl had now figured out what Suimei was up to, and
deployed a rampart to protect herself accordingly. However, the signature
move of the magician known as Beatorex wouldn’t be so easily blocked.
“Cross Sight...”
Hydemary’s flat voice again resounded through the room. She’d
managed to read the nature of the attack instantly and identify it in simple

terms. By imitating an opponent’s defensive magicka with a magicka circle
in the palm of your hand, the weaknesses of said defensive magicka were
exposed. This was a special technique indeed—magicka to break through
magicka.
“Puppenspiel!”
[Puppet show!]
Hydemary raised her voice again, this time speaking what seemed to be
a keyword. The instant Suimei’s fist broke through her rampart, her body
was swapped with that of a doll by a hair’s breadth. Suimei’s fist sent the
doll flying, and he used the opportunity to scatter the other dolls who were
still in action before jumping back.
Meanwhile, Hydemary seemed to have gotten away unscathed. The doll
she’d switched in to act as her substitute also appeared to be quite sturdy; it
wasn’t even broken. Suimei couldn’t really compare to the original
developer of Lagline Bells, but it was still terrifying how Hydemary had
handily managed to thwart the attack.
“Are you not going to show me the Golden Magnale?” she asked.
“That’s not something I pull out for just anyone, okay?” he replied.
“How stingy. Are you really such a tightwad?”
“Shut it.”
Suimei brushed aside her insult with discontent. Hydemary had a
composed expression and spoke frivolously as if this were all perfectly
natural to her. But in reality, such indifference was a necessity for surviving
the harsh world of magicka where fights between magicians were a
common occurrence.
In any event, this girl really does live up to the Alzbayne name. Both her
use of magicka and her response to mine are good. She has an advantage in
that we’re fighting in her room, but even so, that doesn’t negate the fact that
she’s handling herself pretty well. She’s strong. Nevertheless, however... She
still has a weakness.
“Tanzen, tanzen. Werden ein Kreis.”
[Dance, dance. Become a circle.]
Another chant. No, this was a command. Immediately after she uttered
those words, the dolls that were collapsed all around Suimei steadily rose
from the ground, joined hands, and formed a circle. It was a dangerous
omen. The formation of any circle in the world of magicka largely served

one purpose—the foundation for a magicka circle. And indeed, it seemed
the dolls were mimicking the outer circumference of one. Following the
laws of magicka, mana flowed from each doll around the circle, unifying
their mana in one large wave.
What manifested was a dreadful amount of power. It was easy to
imagine that a manafield vibration would occur at this rate. Spells that
could trigger such a phenomenon were extreme; they were a grade of
mysticism higher than normal spells, which also gave way to triggering
rank disparity extinction against lower-grade spells.
It wasn’t clear what sort of mystery was being invoked, but Suimei’s
body could be scattered to the winds by the time he figured it out. Staring
down that possibility, he acted accordingly.
“Meum desiderium est pro tempestas violentiae. O vente, abripe. Emittet
clamorem desperationis. Causa delendo omnia pro me...”
[What I desire lies before the violence of the tempest. Oh wind, blow
fiercely. Raise the screams of despair. For the sake of eradicating anything
and everything before my eyes...]
As Suimei began his chant, the air around him began to stir like a draft
was blowing. Paper and other light objects began flying across the room
while all the curtains and lace doilies began flapping noisily. Before long,
the air had condensed itself within Suimei’s hand, which he’d thrust out
towards the floor.
“I can’t say I’m pleased you’re using that kind of magicka,” Hydemary
muttered.
“Says the girl who trapped me in here,” Suimei responded in kind.
Hydemary finally sounded a bit exasperated as she held her tophat in
place. But Suimei didn’t relent, and neither did she.
“Clauneck’s Wind!”
Suimei unleashed Clauneck’s Wind, a violent spell that contained a
devil. As the compressed ball of air in Suimei’s hand exploded, a
tremendous shockwave shot through the room, sending dolls and furniture
alike all crashing into the walls. In the middle of all the commotion, a
portion of the flowery tapestry behind the bed flipped up.
“...”
Suimei caught a glimpse of it out of the corner of his eye as he kept his
attention focused on Hydemary. It was now her turn to make a move, and

she swiftly charged at him. She had some distance to cover after being
blown all the way back to the wall, but she closed in on Suimei in the blink
of an eye. She was almost blindingly fast. It was somewhat unexpected
considering the way she’d been moving thus far, but it seemed she was now
intent on ending things in close combat. She dashed right at Suimei’s side,
thrusting her wand out towards him.
“Schockenstab!”
[Shock Wand!]
Suimei moved to evade, but he hadn’t properly anticipated what was
about to happen. The moment he thought electricity was about to shoot out
of her wand, a dazzling current electrified their surroundings and began
lifting objects into the air. And it didn’t stop. Antique chairs, teacups, floral
cushions... Anything and everything the current touched began flying
around the room, sparking as it went. It was almost like the current was
grabbing things and flailing them around like a sticky hand. Judging from
this and everything else he’d seen so far, Suimei surmised that toys were the
basis of her magicka just as a chair came flying at him. That was dangerous
enough as it was, but the chair was now electrified too. Suimei tried to
dodge it, but...
“Ugh!”
The teddy bear still holding on to his left hand was pulling on his arm as
if attracted by the electricity.
Wait, it’s not just heavy, but it can pull me around too?!
With his mobility restricted by the teddy bear, it was all Suimei could do
to throw himself to the ground to dodge the chair. He would be vulnerable
this way, but he had no other choice.
And as soon as he dove for it, the teddy bear began dragging him over to
a part of the room that seemed to be free of electrified objects... making it
the perfect place to send them all flying at him at once.
The term “standalone” popped into Suimei’s head. The teddy bear and
the dolls were all moving on their own in accordance with their master’s
will, like cute little soldiers. Not that Suimei thought they were cute in the
moment.
Since he couldn’t move as he wanted to, he instead tried leaping in the
direction the teddy bear was pulling him. Getting there sooner would give
him more time to prepare for the incoming attack, and he immediately put

up his defenses accordingly.
“Primum et secundum moenia, expansio localis!”
[First and second ramparts, local deployment!]
As the electrified toys and furniture came flying at Suimei, he deployed
a magicka circle around his outthrust hand like a shield. This was an
accumulated area-type barrier. The moment it took form, the magicka circle
unleashed a golden radiance.
The brilliant fortress, the Golden Magnale, repelled every attack that
came raining down on Suimei. The electrified objects were flung back at
Hydemary or into the walls.
“So you finally showed me.”
“Reluctantly, yes.”
Now then, what to do?
Now that he’d used Clauneck’s Wind and the Golden Magnale, the
mystical entropy in the area was approaching its limit. Suimei now had to
avoid using powerful magicka for fear of triggering the magicka melt
phenomenon, but at the same time, lesser magicka didn’t seem appropriate
considering his opponent’s capabilities.
No, hang on...
He’d seen it just moments ago—a glimpse of victory revealed by
Clauneck’s Wind. Taking a shot at seizing it, Suimei went on the attack. He
once more gathered mana in his right hand and charged at Hydemary.
“That again? Don’t you think it’s a bit silly for a magician to charge
straight in from the front?”
Suimei indeed looked like he was rushing into a fistfight with
Hydemary, which she was rather critical of. It was a simplistic plan, and a
most ineffectual one.
But rather than engaging Hydemary, Suimei thrust out his right hand
like he was aiming to fire his next spell directly at the dresser in front of
him. As he did, Hydemary’s dolls grappled him.
“How unfortunate,” she said. “What were you hoping to accomplish
firing magicka over there? Were you aiming for a draw?”
“Sorry, but no. I win.”
“What are you—”
Suimei was still standing there, ready to fire at the mirror over the
dresser. But it wasn’t like the mirror was precious to Hydemary or anything.

