She couldn’t figure out why he was smiling so confidently... until she
looked up at the mirror for herself.
Reflected in the mirror was the flowery tapestry by the bed... Or rather,
the enormous flask that it was hiding. And turning to face it, Suimei put his
hand to his chin.
“That’s your flask, right? Meaning this is checkmate.”
“Hmm... So your spell is the type that can be reflected in a mirror, and
that charge was just a bluff?”
“Wasn’t that obvious? It was an oversight on your part for not
considering otherwise.”
Suimei’s charge wasn’t embellished or overacted to try and disguise the
bluff. He’d been hoping Hydemary would misread him, but that wasn’t
exactly a novel trick.
“What? And you were ready to get struck down at the same time?”
“I can take a hit. I can just heal myself afterwards anyway. That said, it’s
not something I’d prefer to do if I don’t have to.”
But you’re not so easy, are you?
As Suimei indirectly praised Hydemary, she finally nodded in
understanding.
“Not bad. Okay, I guess you pass for now.”
“Pass what?”
“I wanted to make sure that the person I’m to assist is worthy of me. I
was testing you.”
“Testing me...? Is that the reason you had me come in alone?”
“Yup. You get it, right? All of a sudden I’m supposed to be the assistant
of someone I’ve never met before. I can’t just blindly agree to that. That’s
why I asked my father and sister for this opportunity.”
Hydemary explained herself rather matter-of-factly, to which Suimei
grimaced in response.
“Well...”
He could at least understand where she was coming from. Magicians
generally preferred to choose who they learned under and who they did
their research with, after all. But even so, Suimei took issue with this
sudden little “test” of Hydemary’s. Just as Annaliese had warned, she was
certainly selfish.
But as Suimei stood there scrutinizing her, Hydemary took the

opportunity to remove her tophat.
“My name is Hydemary Alzbayne. And you are?”
“Yakagi Suimei.”
“Suimei-kun, then. Hmm... Do people tend to tell you that you have a
strange name?”
“How did you know?”
“I have most names up here in my head. Yours is quite uncommon even
in Japan, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is.”
It was true that Hydemary contained vast knowledge within her. Upon
their creation, homunculi were granted intelligence commensurate with the
mysticism poured into them. And what Hydemary was showing off now
was just a nugget of her natural wisdom. Realizing this, Suimei hummed in
admiration.
“By the way, on a completely unrelated note...” Hydemary said next.
“What is it?” Suimei replied casually.
There, Hydemary suddenly looked rather sullen.
“Your face is rather plain, you know?”
“Excuse me?!”
“Oh my, how scary.”
Hydemary’s neutral expression didn’t at all indicate that she was
actually scared. Instead, it rather seemed like she was teasing Suimei. She
wrapped her arms around herself and stepped back, but her expression
remained unchanged in spite of her theatrical behavior. Coming to the
conclusion it was because she was a homunculus, Suimei pointed to his left
hand and let out a grand sigh.
“Hey, can you get this thing off me already?”
“Oh, my teddy bear? He’s cute, isn’t he? I call him Beat-tan.”
“That’s not really...”
It was like Hydemary took every opportunity for a tangent, and she
continued to boast as Suimei stared at her in exasperation.
“Isn’t he cute?”
“Looks pretty fiendish to me right now.”
“Whaaat?”
Suimei had half a mind to tell Hydemary off for acting this way under
the circumstances. Contrary to its cute appearance, the teddy bear served as

a mana shackle to whatever it grasped. And whenever its prisoner tried to
gather mana in the afflicted zone, the teddy bear only became heavier. It
obstructed the flow of mana, but it couldn’t be removed without mana. It
was quite a dangerous trap to be caught in during combat.
Sensing Suimei’s dissatisfaction, Hydemary released the teddy bear and
held it up expectantly. It seemed that she really thought Suimei was going
to tell her that it was cute. She was apparently more fixated on its
appearance than its magickal effect.
“Is the magicka you use origin magicka?”
“That’s right. I bet you’re jealous, aren’t you?”
Hydemary continued to boast, but Suimei narrowed his eyes at her.
“You sure are full of yourself.”
“I am a genius, after all. Didn’t you see my magicka?”
“Well...”
Hydemary was talented; that much was undeniable. Her magicka itself
was eye-catching, and the way she could use multiple spells at once was an
extremely high-level technique. Armed with both origin magicka and
concurrent spellcasting, nobody could argue the fact that she was a genius.
Moreover, she wasn’t making such a claim out of conceit. It was more
accurate to say that it was the genuine answer she’d come to after
evaluating herself. Such was a homunculus’s innocence.
The way she tested others still got on Suimei’s nerves, but he was
willing to put that aside for now. He had bigger fish to fry.
“Hey, how old are you?” he asked.
“Hmm, you want to know my age? I was created by my father six years
ago.”
“You’re... six? Seriously?”
“Yup. Understand now?”
“Yeah. You’re really something.”
It was normal for homunculi to have tremendous knowledge of all
things, but the way Hydemary could use magicka was another story. Being
able to cast spells like that at only six years old... She was, indeed, a bona
fide genius. That and the fact that she could move independently of her
flask made it very, very clear she was no ordinary homunculus.
Hydemary began using magicka to repair her smashed-up room. She did
so quickly, thoroughly, and without any strange quirks. Her use of magicka

was flawless, giving a better glimpse into the depth of her capabilities.
After she was done with the room, she beckoned her dolls and teddy
bear over and began repairing—or rather, healing—them one by one. The
dolls threw their arms in the air with joy, rubbed their cheeks against hers,
and made other such affectionate displays as Hydemary lovingly patted
each one. When she was at last finished with all the repairs, she took a seat
at the table and beckoned Suimei towards the chair across from her.
“Take a seat. Let’s talk a bit.”
“...”
With that, Hydemary pulled some sweets and a teapot out of thin air.
Keeping a keen eye on her, Suimei reluctantly pulled out the chair in front
of him.
★
“What’s wrong? Take a seat.”
The owner of the room, Hydemary Alzbayne, once more urged Suimei
to sit with her at the table where she was elegantly sipping tea from a cup
she’d pulled out of nowhere. She was actually quite beautiful, although her
outfit was something else.
Her long, black hair hung over the shoulders of her tailcoat, but she’d
casually thrown her tophat and wand onto her bed. Her magician getup
didn’t at all match the interior of the room, though the bisque dolls lying
around shared her inorganic expression. It was all quite mismatched with
her beguiling beauty. But even so, it felt like that was part of her charm.
Like the discord was actually what brought everything into harmony.
After observing her for a moment, Suimei finally took the seat across
from her.
“I’d rather you not be so cautious,” she said. “Just now was what you’d
call a test. Something like a master certification exam. I have no further
intention of harming you.”
“So? How’d I do on this mysterious little exam of yours?”
“I suppose you at least possess enough skill for me to acknowledge
you.”
“Well, thanks, I guess,” Suimei replied cattily to her evaluation. “But
you know I was told to take you with me, don’t you? Are you going to

come along quietly?”
“Before that... there’s something I’d like to ask. Is that alright?”
“And this is why you wanted to talk?”
“Yup, exactly,” Hydemary replied indifferently. She then put down her
teacup and cut to the chase: “I want to ask about you Society magicians. I
hear you utilize a peculiar theory in your magicka.”
“You mean modern magicka theory?”
“Yes, that’s the one. It’s an outrageous theory that compounds multiple
magickal systems together, right?”
“More or less.”
“But it’s not the same as using multiple systems at the same time,
right?”
“You saw me use it just now. Do you really think it’s that kind of
lowbrow magicka?”
Hydemary shook her head, implying that wasn’t what she’d thought at
all. Just as she’d said, modern magicka theory mixed together magicka from
different systems. For example, it could take rune magicka, which carved
the compelling force of letters into objects to bring out their power, and mix
it with a completely different system of magicka like Kabbalah numerology,
which cataloged the phenomena of the world as formulas to be able to
reproduce them. Even amongst magicians—who lived in the shadowy
underbelly of the world—it was considered a rather heretical theory.
Speaking of the unusual, the magicka Hydemary used was rather
unconventional as well. But setting that aside...
“And you’re all pursuing the ideals of your dear leader or whoever,
right?”
“Yeah.”
As Suimei nodded, Hydemary cocked her head to the side like an
innocent child.
“So what’s it all about?”
“You’ll figure it out as you go. You won’t be forced to do anything, and
it’s not like I could explain it all here and now anyway.”
“That’s fair.”
Hydemary looked disinterested, but that was likely just because of her
limited range of facial expressions. Moving on, however, she eventually
came to her next question.

“Hey... Do you remember when you were first able to use magicka?”
“What’s this all of a sudden?”
“I want to know what it’s like for you people when you awaken.”
“You’re asking how I felt when I could first use magicka?”
“I more so want to know about your eureka moment.”
“So the revelation I had when I arrived at that stage?”
“I was able to use magicka from the very beginning. I’m not aware of
such qualia.”
Suimei now understood what she was asking, but had one particular
question about her question.
“Couldn’t you just ask the meister? I feel like you’d get a better answer
from a higher-ranking magician.”
“My father’s answer was vague.”
Hydemary took a sip from her teacup, seemingly disappointed with the
answer she’d gotten. Suimei, however, understood it.
“The first time I could use magicka, huh...?”
That was because he didn’t actually remember the details of the moment
all that well himself. While being shown magicka by his father, he’d
touched upon mystical power. He studied the knowledge required to use
magicka, and one day, he was able to use it just like his father did. That was
all he profoundly remembered about it. He couldn’t pinpoint exactly when
that day was or what he’d felt about it at the time. Looking back on it now,
it seemed whatever had led him to use magicka had become inconsequential
the moment he unlocked the secret.
The actual existence of mana was something he’d begun observing after
he was able to use it. Even his mana furnace was something he’d created
afterwards as well. They were skills that had stuck with him, even if their
origin was vague. It was much like how someone never forgets the sense of
balance required to ride a bike. Or how one can instinctively tell fortunes
with tarot cards by tempering their senses. Or how sleight of hand is really
just an extension of muscle memory. It was hard to pinpoint the exact
moment one became capable of using such skills. But Suimei could say one
thing for sure about learning magicka: it would be impossible if one never
touched upon the mysteries.
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing. I just don’t really know. That’s all.”

