Epilogue: How Many Snacks Is
Appropriate?
After delivering the homunculus boy to Hydemary’s father, Edgar
Alzbayne, Suimei and company wrapped up their remaining business in
Germany and returned to Japan. Once they were back, they saw to various
preparations—including stocking up on all manner of things for Reiji and
Mizuki—for their return to the other world. When the day arrived,
however...
“Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate!”
“Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate! Chocolate!”
Suimei stood in the Yakagi estate garden with two beautiful girls
charging at him while shouting about chocolate. One of them was Felmenia,
who was carrying a cardboard box chock full of the stuff; and the other was
Liliana, who was preciously hugging her stuffed penguin.
It seemed they were intent on returning home with a massive supply of
chocolate in tow. Unable to conquer their lust for it here in the modern
world, Felmenia had decided to take as much of it back with her as she
could carry. If Suimei had tried to enforce a 300 yen limit on candy or
something, he knew it would make his life a living hell. So, thinking better
of it, he’d made certain concessions about the snack supply, but...
“That’s still way too much, ain’t it?”
Felmenia’s arms were full with the cardboard box of chocolates, and
stacked neat and high atop it were takeout boxes of cake. Just how much
were she and Liliana planning on bringing? They could only take what
would fit in the teleportation circle, so Suimei was hoping they would come
to their senses on that front.
As for what Felmenia had to say for herself...
“But Suimei-dono, we must bring back souvenirs! I have a duty as a
retainer to deliver these treats to Her Highness!”
And as for Liliana...

“It’s impossible... to endure... without chocolate. I want to... at least
have... some every few days.”
Liliana apparently wanted her portion for herself, but her honesty in the
matter and her sense of moderation were actually quite praiseworthy.
“We can only carry but so much. You guys are gonna have to cut down.”
“This is as much as we could cut down!”
“We actually... prepared... a lot more.”
Suimei insisted, but the girls just wouldn’t relent. It was like he was
losing ground with them by the word. But it was there that Lefille—
shrewdly carrying a bottle of sake to take back to Rumeya—cut in.
“The two of you need to stop being so unreasonable with Suimei-kun
already.”
“But, but, but...!”
“Lefille, to us... this is a matter... of life and death.”
Liliana looked to Lefille with grave eyes, and Lefille returned a gentle
smile. Her smile, however, didn’t indicate that she was on Suimei’s side
when it came to the chocolate. In fact...
“I know, Lily. But don’t we now have a heartening ally in Lady Mary?”
She encouraged Liliana and Felmenia to solicit the help of their new
comrade. Her interjection had seemed like a rebuke at first, yet things had
taken a strange turn. No, in truth, this was inevitable. With snacks on the
line, of course Lefille was on the girls’ side. And to further their cause, they
went running over to Hydemary.
“Mary-dono!”
“Hydemary... please say something... to him.”
Naturally, Hydemary was on their side as well. With that, it was three...
No, four against one.
“Suimei-kun, don’t be stingy.”
“Fine, alright already. Jeez.”
And so, Suimei reluctantly caved in. An innocent cheer breaking out in
celebration. Snacks, of all things, was one thing the girls wouldn’t give up
on. Felmenia was beaming as if their victory had only been a matter of
course, and even Liliana was smiling happily.
Hydemary, however, approached Suimei as he got to work on the
magicka circle.
“Suimei-kun, you’re bringing souvenirs yourself, aren’t you? So what’s

the big deal?”
“I’m only taking all this ’cause there’s a noisy brat waiting for me back
over there who won’t shut up if I don’t. I’d never hear the end of it.”
As Suimei began slinging insults, Hatsumi—who was patiently waiting
on the sidelines for preparations to wrap up—threw him a dirty look.
“Suimei, that’s a rather mean way to put it. Shall I inform her that you
weren’t even sorry?”
“What? Who?”
“Anou-san, of course. I’m on her side here, you know? So if you don’t
mind, I’ll be telling her everything. Including how reluctant you were.”
“Ugh...”
When Hatsumi pointed it out, Suimei was forced to reckon with the fact
that both she and Mizuki were people he’d intentionally kept out of the loop
about his identity as a magician. If she were to pick sides in such a
situation, it was only obvious she would side with Mizuki. And Suimei was
very, very sorry about that right now.
“Listen, I’m taking more than enough to make it up to her, okay?”
“You really are. That’s quite a bit of stuff you’ve got there.”
Suimei had packed plenty of Japanese ingredients that didn’t exist in the
other world—rice, miso, soy sauce, all kinds of dashi, and even instant
noodles. He’d picked up everything he could think of that would give
Mizuki a little taste of home.
“I’ll be leaving the cooking once we get back to you, okay?”
“Of course. I’m itching to put my skills to use.”
Suimei thought the time and energy Hatsumi put into learning to cook
would be better spent honing her blade, but to Hatsumi, the kitchen was just
another battlefield. When joined by Felmenia, who was ordinarily in charge
of the cooking, the two of them would undoubtedly achieve great things.
“Yo! Looks like you kids are about ready to head off.”
All of a sudden, a man’s voice called to the group from afar. Suimei
turned to spot Kiyoshiro, along with his wife Yukio and his son Haseto,
walking towards them. Hatsumi’s family had been taking care of Suimei
and company during their stay in Japan, and it seemed they’d come to see
everyone off.
Kiyoshiro took a cursory glance at the teleportation circle before letting
out a sigh of admiration.

“Huh... That’s quite a few circles ya got there.”
“You can tell?”
The more circles within a magicka circle, the more information it
contained. The outer magicka circle was the teleportation spell proper, but
altogether it was composed of seven smaller circles. It was like grand-class
magicka and then some. As such, the amount of mana it consumed was
nothing to be sneezed at. Fortunately, however, that wouldn’t be an issue
with several capable magicians on hand.
Ignoring the magicka circle, however, Yukio put her hand to her cheek
and politely lamented the departure of their guests.
“How regrettable. It’s been so lively around here lately.”
“She’s right. We’ve had my students gathered around for dinner, but this
was a first for us. It was nice and refreshing.”
Turning away from his aunt and uncle who were being rather nonchalant
about the whole affair, Suimei looked to his cousin.
“To think I even had to tell you about it, Haseto...” he sighed.
“Hatsumi found out anyway, so the timing was pretty perfect,”
Kiyoshiro chimed in.
It was there that Haseto turned a complicated expression to Suimei, like
he wasn’t quite sure what to say.
“How do I even put it? I’ve always thought you were pretty mysterious,
but I never dreamed you were like something straight out of a fantasy
story.”
“You sure aren’t acting very surprised, though.”
“Well, you know... Anyway, level with me. Just how strong are you?”
Haseto was brimming with curiosity, and Suimei answered as he always
did.
“Aah, well, somewhere in the lower-mid—”
Or, at least, he started to. He only got a few words in before sharp gazes
befell him from all directions.
“Suimei-kun, that part of you is a little...” Hydemary sighed.
“Can you stop lying to people already?” Hatsumi jeered.
“I think it’s about time for you to cut that out. Don’t you? ” Lefille
scolded.
Under fire from all three of them at once, Suimei was left groaning at a
loss for words. It was there that Kiyoshiro turned to his daughter.

“Hatsumi.”
His usual flippant attitude was nowhere to be seen. He was addressing
her not just as her father, but as her instructor. Hatsumi turned to face him in
kind, ever so slightly tense.
“Yes?”
“Go and end this.”
“Understood.”
Their parting words were brief, but that was enough for them. And once
they were done, Yukio approached with a gentle smile.
“Hatsumi-san, be careful not to get sick. And don’t hurt yourself, okay?”
“That’s, well... Sure.”
Yukio’s slightly out-of-place comment left Hatsumi at a little bit of a
loss for a response. She seemed to be more concerned about illness and
injury than she was about the strength of any enemies.
“That goes for everyone else too. Please do take care of yourselves.”
With that, the rest of Suimei’s group gave her their thanks. Kiyoshiro
then called out to his newest student.
“Hey, Lefille.”
“Yes, Grandmaster?”
“Once will do, but go see that swordsman you respect.”
“Very well. My time here was brief, but I cannot even begin to express
my gratitude for your training.”
“You betcha. And hold on to that feeling. The moment you forget your
gratitude for others, your sword will begin to show signs of arrogance.”
The ever-so-silly Kiyoshiro, every now and then, had something
profound to say. But once all was said and done with Hatsumi’s family, they
quietly returned to the Kuchiba residence.
“Now then, it’s about time we get going.”
Suimei walked over to the magicka circle to begin the ritual, when
Hydemary suddenly stepped in with him.
“Mary...? What are you doing?”
“Isn’t that obvious? Or were you really going to leave me behind
again?”
Her tone was extremely critical, but this was the first Suimei had heard
of her desire to go with him.
“I mean, are you really sure about this?” he asked skeptically.

“Now that’s Suimei-kun for you. Your denseness is downright terrifying.
Have you ever heard of being too reserved?”
“Life is way harder over there than you think it is, you know? They
don’t have any of your favorite snacks.”
“It’s fine as long as I learn the teleportation spell myself.”
“You’re really something, you know? Expending such a massive amount
of mana just to go buy sweets...”
“You still have to coach me. You said you would, so I expect you to
follow through on that.”
“Yeah, yeah. Cheer up already. I’ll even give you a pat on the head.”
“Do you really think you can coax me like that? Seriously... Could you
not belittle me?”
“Is saying that while taking off your hat some kind of performance art?”
Indeed, Hydemary was holding her hat in one hand as she stepped
toward Suimei and leaned forward. He looked down at her dubiously, but
she only took this for reluctance.
“You’re not going to pat me on the head after all? No one likes a man
who goes back on his word.”
“I swear... For a seven-year-old, you really never know when to shut
up.”
Though exasperated, Suimei gently patted Hydemary on the head. She
was as expressionless as ever, making it difficult to tell whether she was
pleased. But the fact that she let him continue certainly seemed to indicate
so.

