“Is that really acceptable for someone pursuing the mysteries?”
Hydemary’s tone was flat, but she seemed rather dubious about this
point.
“Isn’t it fine? Most everyone’s like that. That’s why the meister’s answer
was vague. It’s difficult to express the sensation when theory and practice
become results. I mean, every magician out there definitely goes through it,
which is why nobody knows how to explain it in exact detail.”
“Is that so...?”
That sensation, however, had escaped Hydemary who had been able to
use magic from day one. She was practically born with the manual for
everything in her head, and all she had to do to accomplish something was
put that knowledge to use. That was part of what compromised her ability to
earnestly display emotion.
Suddenly, Hydemary looked right at Suimei. He wasn’t sure what the
gesture signified. Her eyes were cold and gray. He couldn’t perceive even a
shred of passion in them, but they glinted faintly. She stared into Suimei’s
eyes for a long moment before seeming satisfied.
“Okay, very well. I’ll come along with you,” she said with a nod.
And with that, Suimei finally had her consent... although he wasn’t sure
what she’d made her decision based on.
“Suimei-kun, was it? Do be sure to treat me well like a lady.”
“What are you implying?”
“Nothing. I just want to be treated properly.”
Was that a personal request because she was a homunculus born from a
flask? It seemed to express a desire not to be treated like an object.
“Ha-aaahh...”
Hydemary then let out an enormous yawn like a sleepy child. Seeing her
absolute lack of self-restraint, Suimei was ready to mete some rather candid
advice. Before he could, however, she rubbed her eyes and said something
unexpected.
“I’m tired now, so I’m going to sleep.”
“...What?”
She suddenly rose from her chair, leaving a bewildered Suimei sitting
alone at the table.
“Goodnight.”
She then defenselessly curled up on her bed and...

“Zzz...”
“H-Hey. What the hell’s with you...?”
What was done was done. Hydemary was asleep, and Suimei was
absolutely stumped. But forced to accept the situation for what it was, he
stood up and went to go for the door. The room, however, was still in its
sealed state... meaning there was no door.
“...Hey, how exactly do I get out of here?”
In the end, Suimei had no choice but to wait there until Hydemary woke
up. And when she did...
“Who... are you?”
“I’m gonna slug you, you little punk...”
★
“Have a nice god damn nap, did you?”
“Sorry, sorry.”
It wasn’t at all clear that Hydemary was actually sorry. Suimei shot a
doubtful gaze her way while continuing to berate her internally. After he’d
humored her and answered her questions, she’d suddenly decided it was
naptime and crawled into bed. Worse yet, Suimei was still locked in her
room and had no choice but to wait around until she woke up. And though
she apologized, her expressionless face sure made it seem like she didn’t
much care. Putting all that aside, Suimei let out a grand sigh.
When he and Hydemary eventually left her room, they found Annaliese
standing outside just where she’d been when Suimei first went in. Upon
spotting the two of them, she immediately turned to her younger sister. She
apparently found fault with Hydemary’s wrinkled coat, and straightened it
out for her like a meddlesome attendant.
“That took quite some time, didn’t it, Mary?”
“I got tired after talking to Suimei-kun.”
“What?! It can’t be... Did you go to sleep in front of our guest?!”
“Mm.”
“She sure did.”
Annaliese stared at her sister in wonderment, while Suimei begrudgingly
nodded. Annaliese certainly hadn’t expected Hydemary to do something so
impossibly rude. She was both astonished and dumbfounded by the news,

but quickly pulled herself together and cleared her throat.
“I-In any case, father is waiting. Let’s go to his room.”
“Okaaay.”
Hydemary gave her older sister a childish reply, and Suimei followed
along behind them as they walked to Edgar’s office. Edgar closed the book
he’d been reading to pass the time and turned to Hydemary.
“How did it go, Mary? Convinced?”
“Mm. I guess he passes, father.”
“I see.”
Seemingly satisfied with that answer, Edgar’s lips curved into a smile.
Annaliese wasn’t so amused, however, and once again began chiding
Hydemary.
“What a thing to say about Suimei-sama, Mary! Not to mention going to
sleep... Just testing our guest was rude enough. You’ve really been quite a
bother to him.”
Hydemary pouted in response to her older sister’s lecture. Edgar, on the
other hand...
“Mary, you went to sleep?”
“Mm.”
“Don’t ‘mm’ me.”
“Sorry.”
Hydemary’s spiritless tone made it hard to perceive the sincerity in her
apology, but it was indeed genuine. Her attitude was completely different
from how she’d treated Suimei. This was her sister and father, after all. And
they didn’t seem to pay her flat affect one mind.
Hydemary then hugged Annaliese like a spoiled child. She still had quite
a sour look on her face, but she couldn’t quite keep it up with her little sister
cuddling her so.
“Jeez...”
Still sounding a little vexed, she gently patted Hydemary’s head. It
seemed she was quite used to this behavior, if not outright encouraging it.
Edgar, meanwhile, watched over the two of them for a fond moment
before hardening his expression and turning to Suimei. His countenance
was the same as it had been before, like that of an old fir tree—both
incredibly weighty and dour.
“Sorry for putting you through so much, Suimei.”

“Climbing up a mountain, being tested, having to wait... You really did
put me through the wringer here.”
“Come now. Irrationality is an indispensable part of being a magician.
Don’t let it get to you.”
Edgar’s dour grin seemed to say this was payback, giving Suimei a
glimpse of his unexpectedly mischievous side. He had a retort or two in
mind, but considering his position, he resisted the urge to say anything. He
choked back the rant burgeoning in his throat, where it settled in his sour
stomach. Edgar appeared to see through all this, however, and only smirked
more. This, if nothing else, Suimei would hold against his father.
In order to clear the air, Suimei changed the subject at the first
opportunity.
“Say, uh, there were dolls in Hydemary’s room. Were they...?” he started
to ask.
“I’m the one who made those children,” Hydemary cut in.
“Mary is the only one among us sisters capable of creating dolls
herself,” Annaliese explained.
“She’s the only one? Ooh...”
Though Suimei asked, he immediately realized the answer for himself.
Annaliese had said that Hydemary was the only one of the sisters who could
make dolls, and Suimei already knew what was unique about Hydemary.
“Dolls can’t create dolls themselves, can they?”
“That’s how it goes. Of course, that’s with respect to pouring life into
them.”
“I guess it’d be pretty outrageous if dolls could reproduce like that,
huh?”
As Suimei murmured to himself half in astonishment, Hydemary looked
to Annaliese.
“But don’t you have the Thousand Albtraum yourself?”
“Heehee, you’re so sweet.”
Annaliese smiled affectionately at her little sister’s praise. It seemed the
stubborn little girl who never hesitated to call herself a genius had a soft
spot for her beloved family. Annaliese was her sister, but she was almost
like a mother to Hydemary.
As the two girls talked, Suimei turned and bowed to Edgar, signifying
that his task here was complete.

“It’s about time that I take my leave,” he said politely.
“Then I guess I’m off as well,” Hydemary added, parting with
Annaliese.
“Mary,” Edgar called to her.
“Yes, father?”
“Study well.”
“I will as long as there’s something for me to learn there.”
Edgar gently brushed off the overly confident little girl. Annaliese then
turned and elegantly bowed to Suimei.
“Suimei-sama, please take care of Mary.”
It went without saying that Hydemary then had a snide comment about
who would really be taking care of whom.

