leader about it, the only answer he’d gotten was Nettesheim’s trademark
smile and the ominous words, “You’ll figure it out when you get there.”
This place, however, was where an old friend of Nettesheim’s lived.
“Old friend” had been Nettesheim’s own words, which Suimei regarded as
highly suspicious. The leader of the Society, you see, called anyone and
everyone who shared his ideals a friend. Those who adored him, those who
chased after him, those who blindly idolized him... They were all friends to
him without exception.
So was the person waiting for Suimei truly Nettesheim’s friend? Was it
an old disciple? A follower who revered him like a god? Suimei could only
wonder.
That wasn’t the only thing that struck him as odd about this mission,
however. More importantly, Nettesheim had specifically told Suimei to go
and “pick up” his assistant. That made it sound like said assistant was a
familiar. Suimei didn’t possess the abilities or mana to contract a familiar,
and Nettesheim knew that full well.
Perhaps it was one that could be summoned only when needed, but
fundamentally, Suimei had no interest in having a familiar standing at the
ready at all times. This was also something that Nettesheim knew full well.
So why, exactly, had Nettesheim implied what he did? What was the
meaning behind his choice of words? Suimei pondered this as he walked,
but the end of the stone path came before an answer ever did.
“So this is...”
A large, old, Neo-Renaissance-style house stood before him. The sun
was currently hiding behind the clouds, and the walls stretching from the
front gate reflected its dull light. Because of that, the entire area appeared to
be awash in grayscale, giving it a rather curious aesthetic.
Nevertheless, Suimei approached the gate. It was a large, majestic
structure that matched the size and splendor of the manor. It was made of
wrought steel that looked like it had been burned pitch black, and it was
adorned with cogwheels, pendulums, and such as though it had been
modeled after the inner workings of a clock or some other simple machine.
Suimei used the knocker on the gate and a pleasant, metallic ringing
sound reverberated straight towards the door of the house. The old
magician’s estate naturally had a mysterious air to it, including the clearly
magickal knocker.

It wasn’t long before the front door of the house creaked open, peeling
away at the darkness inside. The intervening sunlight revealed a girl in a
lovely apron dress with light brown hair flowing down her back. She
appeared to be younger than Suimei based on her height and features, but
her somewhat transparent expression seemed quite cold.
She approached the gate, picked up the hem of her dress, and elegantly
curtsied. Suimei politely began to introduce himself in return, but...
“I’m—”
“Yakagi Suimei of the Society, right? We’ve been expecting you.”
“I see.”
The girl touched the gate and a metallic sound rang out like the gears of
a clock had suddenly engaged. It was followed by ticking as the zerol gears
around the heavy steel gate began revolving as it swung open, dragging
itself across the ground.
The noise of it all resounded through the mountains. Birds scattered
from distant trees, the sound of their flapping wings echoing back toward
the estate. But as the cacophony died down and the gate finished opening,
the girl held her hand out towards the manor in a welcoming gesture.
“My father is waiting inside. Please come this way.”
There, Suimei looked the girl in the eyes.
“Can I ask you something?”
“What is it?”
“Where are we?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean... whose house is this?”
“It couldn’t be... Were you not informed?”
Her surprise was perfectly natural. After all, it was only normal for
someone to know where they were going before they made the trip there.
“I’m sorry. Our leader can be quite impish,” Suimei confessed
dejectedly.
“I see,” the girl sighed in understanding. “Allow me to guide you, then.
This is the Alzbayne Clockwork Doll Workshop.”
“Alzbayne? So this is...”
It was the workshop of the elusive puppeteer. Suimei took another look
at the estate. As the sun peeked through the clouds, the red of the previously
grayscale manor seemed to come back to life.

★
“Puppeteer” was the proper title for magicians who used or created
puppets and dolls. There were many puppeteers throughout the ages, but
only a single one had ever earned the prestige of being called the Doll
Master by the Thousand Nights Association. That man was none other than
Edgar Alzbayne.
It was said that he’d earned the name because of the masterful quality of
his work. The dolls made by his hands were without peer. No puppeteer
could surpass him. Moreover, the dolls created in his workshop every few
years always accomplished great things with the masters they were
entrusted to.
And so his reputation as the Doll Master had persisted for over a
hundred years. Suimei quietly recalled all the stories he’d ever heard about
Alzbayne as he and passed through the majestic front gate of his estate. He
then followed the girl up to the manor and into the dimly-lit entrance hall.
Suimei took a look around, somewhat overwhelmed by the majestic
double staircase before him. Inside the manor was decorated with brand
new-looking furniture that belied its aged exterior. He could tell how
scrupulously maintained the place was at a glance.
All seemed to be in perfect order except for the chandelier directly
overhead, which only emitted a gloomy light. Its dim, colored glass bulbs—
coated in mana—were restricting their shine, making it difficult to really
see the bisque dolls that sat atop the furniture around the room. Suimei
wanted to get a better look at them, seeing as how they were the creations
of the famed Edgar Alzbayne, but...
Suddenly, the girl turned around to look at Suimei, who had stopped in
his tracks. She then glanced up at the ceiling where he had just been
looking.
“What’s the matter?” he asked her.
“Suimei-sama, a strong light reveals things that one does not wish others
to see. Maidens especially dislike such scrutinizing gazes from a
gentleman.”
“Maidens...?”
Suimei muttered to himself in confusion. It seemed at first that she was
begging consideration for herself, but she’d spoken in the plural. Suimei

was baffled as to who she really meant, and furrowed his brow accordingly.
Seeing this, the girl lowered casually glanced over to one of the bisque
dolls.
“Ah, you meant them...”
“Yes. As such, if you care to admire their looks, they’d much prefer it if
you did so in this lighting.”
I get it. All the dolls here are treated as if they’re alive.
“Well, I suppose it’s impolite to stare, isn’t it?”
“You’re ever so considerate, Suimei-sama.”
With that, the girl quietly began walking again. After ascending the
double staircase, they came out into a hallway lined with a long, red Persian
rug and illuminated with a much warmer light. Proceeding forward, the girl
showed Suimei to a room at the end of the hall. She then stood to the side of
it and bowed.
“Here?” Suimei asked.
“Yes. The master awaits you inside,” the girl replied.
By “the master,” she meant her father—Edgar Alzbayne. Suimei gulped
nervously.
“Suimei-sama, I bid you be at ease.”
“I’ll try, but...”
He was about to meet the famed Doll Master. He couldn’t relax even if
he wanted to. He flashed an embarrassed smile instead as the girl turned
toward the door.
“Father, I’ve brought your guest from the Society.”
“Come in.”
A deep voice came from the other side of the door. It carried a weight to
it almost like that of an aged tree.
The girl then opened the door, revealing an old gentleman sitting on a
sofa within. He wore a stylish monocle and vest. Suimei’s first impression
was that of a dour-looking sculpture, such was the heavy atmosphere about
him. This was the master of the house and the meister of the dolls created in
this workshop. Suimei walked up behind the empty sofa sitting across from
him and bowed.
“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I have come here at the
request of Nettesheim, leader of the Society. My name is Yakagi Suimei.”
“I’m Edgar Alzbayne. From what I hear, I’ve put quite the burden on

you.”
“Hardly.”
Suimei bowed once more, and perhaps finding something amusing about
this, Edgar’s stiff, eccentric expression crumbled ever so slightly.
“Now, as for introductions, the young lady who showed you here is one
of my daughters...”
“My name is Annaliese. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“Oh, uh, nice to meet you.”
Suimei turned around to reply to Annaliese, and as he turned back
towards Edgar, a frame on the wall caught his eye. It held a monochrome
picture of several people, but the face of the man in the middle was blacked
out. Suimei couldn’t see who it was, even though everyone else in the
picture was clearly visible. He stared at the picture in puzzlement for a
moment before seeming to realize who the blacked-out face belonged to.
Seeing this, Edgar spoke up in disappointment.
“Seeing his picture nowadays would make anybody scowl.”
“So that really is...?”
Suimei looked to Edgar, who silently nodded. Suimei then glanced back
at the picture. Indeed, in the center of it was one of the most notorious
figures of all history. It was because of him that raising one’s right hand the
wrong way was illegal here in Germany.
The fact that Edgar had his picture on the wall, and his disappointment
at his mention, seemed to indicate a personal connection. Suimei questioned
Edgar with a raised eyebrow, to which he nodded.
“Meister, what kind of person was he?”
“What kind of person...? I can’t really give a clear answer to that.”
Suimei furrowed his brow at this answer. Edgar then looked up at the
picture as if reminiscing about the past, and fluently explained himself.
“Wolf sometimes had quite a complex, like he was searching for his own
path... But just when you started to think that about him, he was brimming
with the confidence to guide others who seemed to be lost. Even I don’t
know whether he switched back and forth between the two, or whether he
simply changed over time. It was entirely possible that he was always
searching for who he was himself. But I admit that I was as enchanted with
him as everyone else was at the time.”
Edgar spoke almost nostalgically about the man in question, who was

indeed said to have enchanted many. He seized the hearts of the people with
his grand speeches and gained many allies that way. However, after coming
into political power, he used his charisma for ill and brought misery to the
world. It was such a terrible time that the scars of it were still fresh, even
seventy years later.
“Were you a comrade of his?” Suimei asked.
“That’s right,” Edgar acknowledged.
“Until the end, or...?”
“No, we parted ways before that. In the end, he was unable to oppose the
professor’s spell. That’s why I had no choice but to leave.”
“...”
During the Second World War, there were multiple stages where
magicians fought each other behind the scenes. Of them, it was said that the
battles in Germany, Italy, England, Russia, Hong Kong, and Manchuria
were the fiercest. The man sitting before Suimei now had likely been caught
in that maelstrom of fighting.
Edgar flung the Reichsmark coin that he’d been playing with in his hand
over to his desk as if to say that was enough talk of his past. As it finished
spinning around and came to a stop, he cut to the chase.
“I heard that someone tied to me by fate would be coming, but I never
expected you to be that man’s son. You look just like Kazamitsu did when
he was young.”
“You knew my father?”
“I was harassed by him two or three times when he was a child.”
Edgar’s mouth curled in amusement. Suimei had heard that his father
was quite the rascal when he was his age, and this seemed to have
something to do with that.
“I’m sorry to hear about Kazamitsu. You have my condolences.”
“Thank you.”
“Honestly, it’s almost hard to hear you be so courteous when you’re his
spitting image.”
“You’ll... simply have to get used to it.”
“That’s more like it.”
Edgar flashed a bold smile, and Suimei took the opportunity to ask about
what had been bothering him all the way here.
“Meister, I’ve heard from our leader that you are an old friend of his.”

