“It will exert all the more influence over him.”
“If that’s all that comes of it, then so be it. However, that weapon
possesses a devilishness that takes advantage of the greed of man.”
“It takes advantage of greed?”
“It’s all connected to the Source. That weapon uses the desires of its
wielder as an offering to grant them power, and the weapon craves those
desires ad infinitum. It thirsts for ever-increasing greed from its wielder,
whispering temptation in their ears.”
“...”
“We’ve gone off topic,” the Goddess said after a brief pause.
“Remember this for now: that young caster has driven divinity from his
world and used his power to forestall the inevitable end. He is also capable
of reaching the light.”
“The light?”
“The light he used when he saved the girl I bestowed with power from
the servant of that fool. But such light is far too much for the body of man,
for it is the infinite light that can grant any wish to those who reach out for
it. That is the light I speak of.”
“Wha— And you’re saying he can reach it?!”
“If the need arises, he will undoubtedly extend his hand. To fulfill the
common wish of every being. To pursue that which they all desire to the
very best of his abilities... In the not too distant future, the day will surely
come when he grasps it.”
“How is a mere human capable of such a thing?”
The Goddess narrowed her gaze at the spirit, as if deliberating that very
question herself.
“Perhaps because he was allowed.”
“By whom?”
“By everything. By that at which all eventually arrives, and from which
all is born. Not so different, I imagine, from his destiny.”
The spirit could not comprehend the meaning behind the Goddess’s
words; they were far too abstract. And perhaps sensing the spirit’s
bewilderment, the Goddess reaffirmed her earlier statement.
“Do you hear me? Be wary of that caster from the other world. If you
draw too near him, you will also come to find him dazzling.”
The spirit answered Alshuna with a bow. It, of course, had no intention

of refuting her. After all, it had already had the occasion to catch a glimpse
of exactly what she meant.

