Capital of Swords, the dwarves who crafted such tools gathered here in

force. As was typical of the country, there was also a variety of

therianthropes around. Despite the fact that it was still just the middle of the

day, the dwarves were gulping down alcohol at restaurants on every street.

Therianthropes and humans alike were cheerfully basking out in the

afternoon sun. Just looking around the town, it was clear the mix of races

here was more pronounced than it was in the Empire.

Upon entering the city, Suimei and the others headed straight for the

local branch of the Twilight Pavilion. When they informed the receptionist

that they were acquaintances of the guild master, she immediately escorted

them to the guild master’s office on the second floor.

Inside was a woman, presumably the guild master, relaxing on a leather

sofa. She appeared to be relatively youthful, and was leaned back

comfortably as she puffed on a pipe. She was wearing an outfit that

reminded Suimei somewhat of traditional Japanese clothing. But above all

else, her most prominent features were her golden hair and the fox ears

sprouting out of it. Moreover, from her backside, there were one, two,

three... All of seven fox tails coming out.

She appeared to be quite a showy fox-type therianthrope, but had a calm

and composed air about her. Lefille, who was the one who’d requested an

audience with the guild master as an acquaintance, was smiling pleasantly.

Felmenia seemed to be quite nervous, and Liliana was mumbling about the

number of the woman’s tails as she fixedly stared at the golden, fluffy

things like she was entranced.

After everyone took a seat across from the therianthrope guild master,

her lips cracked a smile as a delighted, stifled laugh came over her. Once

she managed to choke it back and collect herself, she looked at Lefille.

“To think that you were actually alive, Lefi... Huhuhu! How should I put

it? You’ve had quite a stroke of good fortune against all odds, haven’t you?”

The representative of the Twilight Pavilion’s Miazen branch, Rumeya,

joyously acknowledged this happy turn of events.

“It has been a long time, Rumeya-dono. I cannot thank you enough for

your receiving us so graciously on such a sudden visit.”

As Lefille expressed her gratitude in an overly formal manner, the

therianthrope woman—Rumeya—went agape like she could hardly believe

what she was hearing.

“Goodness me, what’s this? It’s not like it’s the first time we’ve met, yet

you still insist on the formalities? Even though we’re in my office, that’s not

particularly my style, you know.”

“It’s been so long, isn’t it only appropriate for me to at least greet you

properly?”

“How stiff. What are you even saying to a therianthrope?”

Lefille was making a difficult expression, and Rumeya was just

shrugging her shoulders. Suimei had heard that therianthropes in general

were, to put it politely, rough around the edges. They seemed to dislike the

decorum that humans used in formal situations. This woman apparently felt

that way too. As if to say she was over with the formalities herself, Lefille

loosened her expression.

“By the way, what’s that?”

Lefille pointed her gaze at the earthenware container in Rumeya’s hand.

Rumeya offered a rather indifferent reply.

“Isn’t it obvious? It’s booze. Liquor. The good stuff.”

“A-Aren’t you in the middle of your official duties...?”

“Who cares? Consider it a toast to your survival.”

With that, Rumeya lifted her cup up and gulped down its contents.

However, in contrast to her merriment, Lefille was making a somewhat

gloomy expression. Grasping the meaning behind it, Rumeya’s attitude

seemed to completely change as she quietly closed her eyes.

“As I suspected... Aldephize didn’t make it?”

“No. In order to let me get away, His Majesty and the chief rallied the

remaining men to stall for time. He probably didn’t survive...”

“We lost a good man...”

“As his daughter, I’m honored to hear you speak so highly of him,

Rumeya-dono.”

Lefille bowed her head respectfully. Both she and Rumeya remained

silent for a profound moment as they offered a prayer for dead. Rumeya

then lifted her pipe to her lips and let out a puff of smoke.

“Hahh... Now then, such solemn moments aren’t meant to drag on

forever. It’s about time you introduced me to your friends.”

Rumeya tapped the ashes out of her pipe and took her time in passing

her gaze over Lefille’s companions. Obliging her request, Lefille gave a

brief introduction of their group. Suimei and the others then introduced

themselves one by one.

“Like Lefille said, I’m Suimei Yakagi.”

“And I am Felmenia Stingray.”

“I’m... Liliana Zandyke.”

Rumeya raised an intrigued eyebrow; some of those names were

familiar to her. And then, despite reprimanding Lefille for her prim behavior

earlier, she set aside her pipe, corrected her posture, and introduced herself

in turn.

“I am Rumeya. Rumeya of the golden fox clan. I am sure you are

already aware, but I serve as the guild master here.”

Suimei noticed Felmenia’s expression stiffen up upon hearing that

introduction. It seemed Rumeya’s name alone was enough to give a normal

person of this world some pause. However, since Suimei was an outsider in

every sense of the word, he was unfazed. Knowing he was lacking context,

Felmenia leaned over and whispered into his ear. Rumeya was indeed quite

famous; she was one of the Seven Swords, the swordswoman known as

Camellia Sasanqua.

“I take it she’s strong?”

“Camellia Sasanqua, also known as the Empress of the Sword Dance, is

considered strong even among the Seven Swords. If that’s difficult to grasp,

then just think of her skill as being equal to or greater than that of Her

Royal Highness Titania.”

“You don’t say? How scary...”

Suimei’s shoulders drooped in a disheartened fashion. To suddenly be

dealing with someone so powerful out of the blue was bad for his heart.

Titania was quite a menace, and Rogue’s abilities were also considerable. If

the woman before him now was on par with or surpassed the two of them,

then she must be outright terrifying with a sword. Rumeya then suddenly

focused her gaze on Suimei. But without saying a single word to him, she

turned back to Lefille.

“I haven’t heard of this young man before, but the other two you brought

along have made quite the names for themselves, haven’t they? Astel’s

genius mage, and...” For a brief moment, Rumeya pointed a sharp gaze at

Liliana. “One of the Empire’s Elite Twelve, the daughter of the Sword

Master of Lonely Shadow.”

“I’m not... one of the Elite Twelve anymore. Nor am I... a soldier of the

Empire.”

“If I recall correctly, I heard you were made out to be the culprit of some

incident. Did you resign after being reprimanded?”

“There were some circumstances... but if you were to put it simply... yes,

it was something like that.”

“‘Circumstances’? Well, as long as you weren’t picking a fight with

children from the guild, I don’t really care.”

Suimei and the others couldn’t really tell if that was true or if it was just

a convenient way to put the matter aside. Sensing the nuance, Lefille spoke

up to put a definitive end to the issue.

“It’s alright, Rumeya-dono. Lily is my companion.”

“Hmph, is that so?”

Trusting both Lefille and her word, Rumeya smiled in a way that

exposed her canines. She was either pleased to hear such a stout defense of

Liliana’s character, or amused to see the young girl cling so tightly to

Lefille’s arm. Either way, Rumeya’s expression softened as she watched the

two of them.

“Pity I’ve never actually had a match with the Lonely Shadow.”

“The colonel... also said the same. That he would like... to have a match

with you.”

“That reminds me, Lefille... Surely you’ve finally become stronger than

me, haven’t you?”

“No, certainly not. My swords skills still have a long way to go.”

“Hmmm... Do you really think so?”

Hearing Lefille speak so humbly, Rumeya gave her a mischievous

smirk. She’d probably seen right through Lefille and could tell exactly how

strong she really was. The keen insight of such a skilled swordsman was

truly terrifying. Suimei didn’t doubt that Lefille’s strength was comparable

to one of the Seven Swords, but...

“Now that I think of it, why isn’t Lefi one of those Seven Swords?

You’re about that strong, right?”

Suimei had wondered about it before, but this conversation renewed the

question in his mind. Lefille was the one to answer him.

“Once a year in the north, there’s a competition to decide the swordsmen

who are granted the title of the Seven Swords. If you don’t participate and

win, you can’t receive the title.”

“So you haven’t participated? Why not?”

“Because I have the power of the spirits. That... makes the match a little

unfair, don’t you think?”

“I don’t really think that kinda thing matters, honestly,” said Rumeya as

she exhaled smoke. “Both you and Aldephize used the same excuse not to

participate in the tournaments. How stubborn.”

Rumeya meant to say that since the power of the spirits was Lefille’s to

wield, there was nothing unfair in her using it. But everything is relative,

and Lefille felt differently. Even if she won using her powers, it would be a

hollow victory as long as she felt it was ill-gotten. Having seen Lefille’s

power with her own eyes back in the Empire, Felmenia gave a serious nod

as she spoke up on the matter.

“With your power, I believe you could take a rather prestigious position

in the Seven Swords... I dare say you might even be able to take the crown.”

“Indeed, I also believe I could win.”

“I bet you could...” agreed Suimei.

He had zero argument to her confidence. He’d thought she was

exceptional even when they first met at the Twilight Pavilion in Metel, and

she only went on to prove his suspicions after that. Back when they fought

with Rajas, it was her power that ultimately brought him down. Though

she’d felt quite helpless in her diminished, petite state for quite some time,

even that was just a side effect of her tremendous power. Suimei didn’t

know all of the Seven Swords, but he was quite sure that Lefille could hold

her ground against each of them—possibly even all of them at once. And

while Suimei was contemplating this, Lefille turned to him.

“But Suimei-kun, if you used your magicka freely, you too would able

to compete with your sword skills, wouldn’t you?”

“Me? Nah, that’d be nuts. Throwing a half-baked swordsman like me in

an arena with people who actually know what they’re doing would be the

end of me.”

“Half-baked? Didn’t you study swordsmanship?”

“Only for a bit. Partway through my training, I kinda plateaued. I mostly

just know the fundamentals. Well, I mean, I did have an instructor if that’s

what you’re asking...”

Kuchiba Kiyoshiro, the man who taught swordsmanship at the dojo

Suimei had attended, was one of Japan’s foremost sword masters. He was

an old acquaintance of Suimei’s father, and accordingly, Suimei had studied

the way of the sword under his tutelage from a young age.

Eventually, however, Suimei ended up giving magicka his undivided

attention and consequently neglecting his sword practice, which he’d

always found somewhat regrettable. His instructor was aware of his

circumstances, so Suimei was sure he’d be warmly welcomed if he went

back after all this time to pick up the Kuchiba sword style again... though he

was equally sure an unreasonable condition like “you’ll be putting all of

your energy into this until the day you die” would be tacked on.

“Hmm... From what I saw when you exchanged blows with Rajas, I

don’t think you would fall behind though...”

“What’s this? The little fellow here... Your name is Suimei, right? Are

you really that strong? From the look of it, you’re quite stringy and squishy.

I’d have guessed you were a mage.”

“Ha... ha... Well, I can’t really deny that...”

Suimei let out a bitter laugh as he agreed with her. It was true that he

wasn’t particularly muscular and might even outright look like he was

weak... But even then, hearing someone describe him like they would a

vegetable—to his face, no less—was a bit much.

“Indeed, he’s quite strong,” Lefille said with a bold laugh.