you, doesn’t it?”

The shining red eyes that looked down at Vuishta were more ominous

than even Demon Lord Nakshatra’s as the man spoke in a voice so cold it

made Vuishta shudder. Though it was far too late, he realized that this man

was a god of death.

“Bastard... You knew that I had captured the light reflecting off her

sword.”

“You said yourself that you saw through everything. And just like that,

your eyes were always focused on Hatsumi’s big ol’ sword. I expected as

much, and played off of that. Well, if her sword were made from the

naturally brilliant orichalcos, it might have been a different story. But it’s

your loss for being so captivated by her killing intent.”

His words mercilessly rang through the nighttime forest. And then, the

man once more tapped the ground with his black shoe. As he did, Vuishta

realized something was out of place. If the moon was not shining down on

them, then their surroundings should have been completely dark. He

shouldn’t have been able to see. But things were plainly illuminated by the

light from the pictures at the man’s feet.

“It just means that the dazzling light that reveals the truth can also hide a

lie. That’s all.”

“If... only you... weren’t here...”

“I wonder... There could be other techniques that could capture your real

body and Hatsumi could have done something about it at the eleventh hour.

Also, that sword skill just now... You got cut down because you didn’t

properly measure the distance, right? You could have been chopped up

before you knew what hit you.”

The man boasted that Vuishta’s chances at victory were basically

nonexistent in the first place.

“Well, if you were at least as strong as Rajas, you may have defeated us,

but it seems you’re really pretty lacking in the basics.”

As the man spoke like he was remembering something, an impossible

shudder passed through Vuishta’s body.

“Bastard, it couldn’t be...”

The man smirked like a brat who’d been caught playing a prank and let

out a light laugh.

Then this man... He was the one to cut down the demon general who

was chosen to make the first move as the vanguard of the demon army.

“Reiji was the one to defeat Rajas. Let’s leave it at that, and have you

kick the bucket right here.”

The man’s teasing voice was the last thing Demon General Vuishta

would ever hear.