trouble speaking his mind.

“No, Hero-dono. I will accompany you.”

“You can’t. If we don’t split up, who will protect the soldiers?”

“I was ordered by His Majesty the King to aid you. Also, I would like to

help—”

“Weitzer.”

“Hero-dono...”

When she called him by his name, he met her gaze. It was clear from the

look in his eyes that he had no intention of yielding. Seeing this, Hatsumi

played a cowardly hand.

“I will be fine on my own. So, Weitzer, I need you to join the rear guard

and retreat all the way to the main force with a unit under your command. If

I say it’s an order from the hero, will you listen?”

“Hero-dono, that...”

“Hatsumi...”

“Hey, that’s...”

He had no choice but to comply with the hero’s orders. That was why

Hatsumi had never spoken like this before. Once she did, neither Weitzer

nor any of her other companions had a choice in the matter.

“Urgh... As you wish...”

It was a painful situation—both for him and for Hatsumi. After hanging

his head for a moment, Weitzer firmly picked himself up and faced the

soldiers.

“From here, our army will retreat! Abandon the fortress! Those who

have strength left to fight in the rear guard, stay with me! Everyone else,

hurry and retreat all the way to the main force in the wastelands!”

With that, the commanders of each unit embroiled in a free-for-all fight

on the battlefield passed down the order to retreat. It was about then that

Hatsumi realized a cold, unpleasant sweat was dripping down the back of

her neck.

★

After Hatsumi and the others were scattered by the demons’ offensive,

Weitzer made it all the way back to the main force. There, without taking a

moment to rest, he immediately took command of the battle.

“Preserve the right flank! Send a messenger to Valvauro’s army and

have a portion of the left flank come around to the center! The main force

will hold our lines and take the attack, and the right flank push them back!”

By the time he returned to the main force, the demons were already

advancing on the main Alliance forces deployed in the wastelands. It had

looked like the four national armies had the demons outnumbered at first,

but the demon army was much larger than they had imagined. The front line

for the most part had fallen into a stalemate.

“Ugh... Even after getting back to the main forces, we’re still in a

difficult position...”

After issuing orders from a position where he could see the trend of the

battle, Weitzer bitterly grumbled to himself. As he did, a staff officer from

the army arrived to give a report.

“Your Highness! Both armies are evenly matched as things are, but we

don’t have enough of an advantage for us to turn things in our favor. I

believe we should pull back here and rally.”

“Don’t be foolish! Are you saying we should fall back behind the main

fortress?! If we do that, then Hero-dono will have nowhere to return to!

Until she comes back to us, we will hold this position!”

“B-But Your Highness... Then the army will...”

Even if they weren’t wiped out, they would suffer considerable

casualties. But the staff officer couldn’t bring himself to say that.

“Losing the hero would also be a major blow to the Alliance army. We

would lose the power bestowed to us by the Goddess Alshuna.

Understood?”

The staff officer still couldn’t say anything. On the battlefield, the hero’s

power was tremendous. Hatsumi’s skills were admirable on their own, but

they were augmented even further by the divine blessing she’d received. In

all the battles up until now, she had never once depleted her stamina,

willpower, or concentration. She was virtually unstoppable. This was

common knowledge among the Alliance army. But weighing her life against

the army’s was something the staff officer was incapable of.

“I understand your dilemma,” said Weitzer to the staff officer. “In any

normal battle, that would be the right call. But I cannot even stand for such

a thought to be entertained. For the reputation of our army and my own

mental health. Historians! Do not record what the staff officer just said!”

The historians nodded at Weitzer’s command. A fluttering green robe

then came into view.

“Prince Weitzer.”

“Selphy? What is it?”

Around the time Weitzer linked up with the main forces, Selphy had also

returned. As far as he knew, she was organizing the mage units on the right

flank into three regiments and fighting a hard battle. So for her to have left

them and come all this way, something must have happened.

“Just now, Sir Gaius returned from the west along with his unit.”

“So he’s returned! And? Is Hero-dono with him?”

“That’s... The survivors of the unit under his command are unaware

Hero-dono’s location...”

“Tch...!”

He bit down on his lip. The heavens hadn’t answered his prayer. A man’s

voice then cut into their conversation from afar.

“Yo, Weitzer! What the hell is going on?!”

“Sir Gaius! I told you to withdraw!”

Rather than falling back, Gaius had pursued Selphy. She readily began

yelling at him, but he and Weitzer paid her no mind as they discussed the

situation.

“Well?”

“It’s not good.”

“What about pushing back those shithead demons, then?!”

“We’re taking action.”

Knowing that the main force was facing a difficult battle and that a

mission to rescue Hatsumi was getting more and more unlikely by the

minute, Gaius stamped his foot like he was trying to quash his irritation.

“Even though she insisted on going into a different forest from us...”

“Don’t say it. If it was an order from the hero, you had to obey. We all

did.”

Gaius slumped his shoulders and sat down on the spot as Weitzer tried to

persuade him that the way things had unfolded was inevitable. They all

knew that Hatsumi was strong—that she had power even beyond what

they’d seen. If she’d told them she would be alright, they had no choice but

to believe her. To obey.

“Sir Gaius, fall back! Even if your wounds are healed, it’s plain to see

you’re at your limits! Now quickly, go with the other survivors.”

“I hear ya, but I can’t do that in this kinda situation. I’ll wait here for

Hatsumi’s return.”

“But...”

Contrary to Selphy, who was still trying to dissuade Gaius, Weitzer

spoke with the authority he’d been vested with.

“Do as you will. But if you get in the way...”

“Yeah, you can just leave me the hell behind. Don’t mistake what’s

important.”

They had come to a mutual understanding. Seeing the two of them like

that, Selphy calmed down and let out a tired sigh. As she did, an out-of-

breath soldier then came running up to them from the rear.

“Reporting! Just now, guild members from the Twilight Pavilion have

arrived to provide assistance!”

The messenger had come inform them of reinforcements. But what

should have been good news failed to brighten the mood.

“Even so...” muttered Weitzer.

It wasn’t like a few reinforcements could change the tide of battle now.

The guild’s support was welcome, but they didn’t have the numbers to offer

enough resistance to challenge an entire army. Especially not one of this

size.

“They’ve brought several high-ranking members, including Camellia

Sasanqua, Empress of the Sword Dance. I expect they will be able to

preserve the front to a certain extent.”

“Certainly, if that is the case...” Selphy said with a glimmer of hope in

her voice.

Gaius, however, didn’t share her enthusiasm.

“But the demons are raring to go. I don’t think things will—”

But just as he was about to share his doubts, a second messenger came

from the front lines. Which could only mean one thing...

“The demons are overtaking us! They’ll be here soon!”

“What did you say?!” shouted Weitzer.

“The hell are you doing?! Fuck!” shouted Gaius.

The staff officer with them went completely pale. A hole had opened up

in the formation on the front line, and the demons immediately began

pushing through it, slaughtering as they went. In other words, they were

making a beeline for the commander. Weitzer drew his sword and Gaius got

to his feet.

“We’re fighting back! Staff officers, fall back and call for support!

Everyone here get into formation immediately! We’ll meet the demons and

counterattack!”

At Weitzer’s command, the soldiers present quickly took their positions.

The spearmen advanced to the front and put together a wall of spears, and

the swordsmen lined up along both flanks. Behind them all, together with

Weitzer, were the mages standing in a row. They were prepared to fire as

soon as the order came down. And as Gaius and Selphy prepared for battle

too, the demons came into sight.

“There’s a lot of ’em...”

There was easily over a hundred demons who’d broken through the front

line. They had enormous monsters with them, and were moving as a single

group at a rather terrifying speed.

“We’ll fire spells at them first. After that, I’ll leave the rest to you.”

Both Weitzer and Gaius nodded, wordlessly agreeing to Selphy’s plan.

Every single person present was pale and had broken into a cold sweat.

They’d managed to get into formation in time, but with only a handful of

mages with them, the best they’d be able to do was take out the front line of

monsters. It would be up to the spearmen and swordsmen to buy time until

the mages could get off their next round of spells, but they were sorely

outnumbered. It was uncertain if they could hold out long enough.

They all held their breath as they waited for the demons to come into

range of the mages’ spells. And soon enough, the mages all began chanting

in unison and let their magic fly. Fireballs rushed towards the demons like

cannon fire. All the spears and swords the soldiers had at the ready shined

brilliantly in the orange light passing overhead. But the demons were

undeterred. They simply marched on through the fire.

No one had expected to stop the demons in their tracks completely, but

this wasn’t good. They hadn’t done anything at all to slow down the

advancing force. Everyone gulped as they watched in horror. And just about

then, a solemn, quiet voice could be heard carried on the wind.

“Just as the eternal wind conveys, send the shining and swaying flames

to His side! Hear my voice! Thou art the Ishim dyed in white! Hear my

voice! Thou art the Ishim that shakes off all calamity! And so, I shall sing

and recite them once: Eva, Zurdick, Rozeia, Deivikusd...”

It was a chant for a spell, made clear by a white, revolving magic circle

that formed in the air. It seemed to spin the very air around it, and quickly

gave birth to a gale. The circle then began glowing brightly.

“Mow them down! Truth Flare!”

[White Flame Hyacinth!]

A white flame coiled around the group of soldiers in a flash, and with a

sound like a high-pitched shriek, it swept right into the demons. Then,

between the white light and the turbulent wind, there was a tremendous

explosion. After a soundless moment, a thunderous roar shook the earth.

And as the white light vanished, the demons vanished along with it.

Looking at the remnants of the white flame that were still vigorously

flickering in front of the spearmen, Weitzer came to his senses and raised a

loud cry of surprise.

“What is this?!”

“It’s probably magic, but this destructive power is...”

He couldn’t tell what was going on at all. There was no mage in the

Alliance who could use magic which such devastating power. Not even

Selphy could tell him what it was.

“Either way, with that destructive power... Almost all of them were

completely blown away,” mumbled Gaius.

“It’s not just that. The embers are still taking down the remaining