think of. Seeing him behave so differently than the last time he’d infiltrated

the palace, Hatsumi was understandably taken aback and let out a

tremendous sigh.

“...So? Why are you here?”

“Like I said last time, I came to talk.”

“About us being childhood friends?”

“That’s right.”

Suimei nodded with a solemn expression, but Hatsumi was unfazed.

“I believe I denied that the last time, didn’t I? How is it that a childhood

friend from another world is coming to visit me, hmm?”

“I was also summoned to this world. There’s no other possibility except

for that, right?”

“What are the odds...? In other words, are you also a hero?”

“No, I got caught up in Reiji’s... Another friend of mine was summoned,

and I got dragged along with him. Did you hear about an accident

happening during the summoning ritual in the kingdom of Astel?”

“Now that you mention it, that does ring a bell...”

“And that’s why I’m here right now.”

Suimei sounded like he was rather fed up with being a victim of the

whims of fate, but Hatsumi continued to look at him with doubtful eyes.

Realizing he still wasn’t getting through to her, he grimaced.

“Then what do I have to tell you for you to believe me? Your parents’

names? Your specialties? Your hobbies? The things you like...? If none of

that works, I can also talk about your deepest, darkest secrets or your

embarrassing past.”

“My what?! How do you even know my deepest, darkest secrets?!”

“We’ve been hanging out since we were just little brats, after all. We’re

cousins who lived next door to each other, you know.”

“What? Cousins...? Is that true?”

Suimei nodded back at her apparent surprise over them being family. It

seemed that was enough to begin to crumble her otherwise stalwart wall of

doubt, though her expression was still slightly uneasy.

“So you still don’t believe me?”

“...Do you think I can really just believe anything anyone says?”

“Well, that’s fair...”

Hatsumi was a hero with amnesia, which put her in a precarious

position. Any number of people could be waiting in the wings to take

advantage of her. It was perfectly understandable that she kept her guard up,

and that included regarding other people and what they told her with a

healthy amount of skepticism. Without knowing who she could or couldn’t

trust, she’d had it rough.

Suimei slumped his shoulders and scratched his head in frustration. If

words couldn’t convince her, he had no other way to prove what he was

claiming was true. All he could do was pray that her memory returned.

While pondering the situation, Suimei folded his arms and let out a groan.

Hatsumi stared at him fixedly, and before long, spoke up in a somehow

resigned voice.

“...Got it. I’ll believe you. If you were really planning on taking me

down, you wouldn’t go about it in such a roundabout way.”

“Really?”

“It doesn’t seem like you mean me any harm, at least. Besides, you

know things about me that I haven’t told anyone—and then some. And...

one more thing. Could you say my full name?”

“Kuchiba Hatsumi.”

“And your name is?”

“It’s Yakagi Suimei?”

“Yakagi... Suimei...”

“What’s up?”

Suimei looked at Hatsumi with a puzzled expression as she continued to

mutter his name like something about it bothered her.

“...It’s reversed.”

“Huh?”

“When you say it, it’s reversed. When the people of this world say my

name, they also seem to be saying it in a way that’s easier to pronounce for

them. But your name sounds natural to me. Moreover, I can see that what

you’re saying actually matches the movement of your mouth. It’s also

rather self-evident that we’re the same race. Thinking about it rationally,

there’s a lot more working in your favor than against it.” Hatsumi paused

there a moment before continuing. “What I was suspicious of last time was

that you seemed to know too much... which is why I couldn’t believe it

right away. You also caught me off guard sneaking in like that.”

That was understandable. Who would be readily trusting of a trespasser?

However, now that they’d gotten past that, Suimei let out a sigh of relief.

Now he could finally talk to her about what he’d wanted to in the first

place. But Hatsumi once more turned a stern gaze on him.

“That being said, it’s not like I plan on letting my guard down around

you.”

“Huh?”

“That’s right.”

“Wh-Wha?! Are you saying you believe me?!”

“That’s right—with reservation. Even if you’re an acquaintance of mine

and even if you’re showing me your favor, I still don’t know whether or not

you’re trustworthy, you see.”

Whether they were acquaintances, friends, or cousins, Hatsumi still had

no way of knowing if Suimei could really be trusted. It was perfectly

reasonable that she’d remain wary. Accordingly, she questioned him in a

somewhat aggressive tone.

“So? Why did you do something reckless like infiltrate the palace?

Wasn’t there another way to visit me?”

“That again, huh? Apparently it’s no simple matter to arrange a meeting

with the hero. I couldn’t even do it using the guild master at the Twilight

Pavilion as an intermediary.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah. It seems the royal family prohibits it.”

Watching Suimei roll his eyes and shrug his shoulders, Hatsumi knit her

brow as if she still found all this dubious.

“The king and the others are all good people.”

“I don’t know anything about that, but...”

Suimei made a pensive face, hesitant to continue. He was wondering

whether or not he should really speak his mind here. In truth, it seemed like

the royal family of Miazen was using Hatsumi. He didn’t have any

definitive proof of it, but at the very least, they were trying to shield her

from something. So Suimei was unsure if he should really say anything

about it.

“It’s not like I don’t have a clue. I also feel like they’re using me

somewhat.”

But it seemed Hatsumi read his mind from the subtleties of his

expression. He may have been hesitant to bring it up, but she certainly

wasn’t.

“But it could be said that the hero summoning itself is the most prime

example of that. And by that logic, it’s a slippery slope. There’d be no end

to it.”

“That’s true... But, well, that’s why I’m here. That’s why I had to resort

to sneaking in.”

After Suimei plainly stated his reasons, Hatsumi had a follow-up

question for him.

“...Hey, were you worried about me?”

Suimei looked at her as though the answer were only obvious.

“Well, yeah. We’re family.”

“Family...”

Even if they were related by blood, cousins weren’t always close. But

for Suimei who had no immediate family, the cousin he’d grown up with

was the next best thing. Whenever he was in Japan, Hatsumi’s parents

would always check in on him and fret about whether he was eating

properly. Hatsumi would even cook for him sometimes. They were all

Suimei really had of a family anymore, and that bond kept him especially

close with Hatsumi. He certainly wasn’t about to leave her alone. But he’d

thrown the word “family” around so casually that Hatsumi looked a little

stunned. She stood there blinking repeatedly.

“What is it?” Suimei asked.

“N-Nothing! It’s nothing!” she said, shyly turning away.

After a few moments, when her embarrassment seemed to subside, she

turned back to Suimei and spoke up in a timid voice.

“You said we’re cousins... but do I have other family?”

“Yeah. Your father is Instructor Kiyoshiro. Your mother is Yukio-san.

And you have a little brother named Haseto. If you suddenly disappeared,

I’m sure they’re all worried.”

“They... They must be, huh?”

Hearing that she had family waiting for her in another world was,

understandably, hard to bear. Without knowing that there was anyone

looking for her, she hadn’t had much to worry about in that regard. But now

it all hit her at once. Seeing her troubled expression, Suimei held out his

hand.

“Hatsumi, come with me.”

“With you?”

“That’s right. I’m currently looking for a way to return to our world.

That’s why I came to Miazen in the first place... And if you come with me,

you can go home the moment I figure it out. That’s why...”

That’s why he wanted her to come—that’s what he was trying to say.

But Hatsumi didn’t take him up on the offer. As if she was turning her back

on his kindness, she awkwardly averted her gaze.

“But... I have to fight the demons...”

“There’s no reason why you have to fight them, right? They arbitrarily

summoned you against your will and told you to fight. You have no

obligation to help them.”

“...”

That wasn’t just true for Hatsumi, but for all the heroes summoned to

this world. Not one of them actually had any obligation to fight the demons.

For Hatsumi—who had amnesia and had already actually fought of the

demons once—it was doubly true. She owed these people nothing. Suimei

was still worried someone might be trying to brainwash her. But if she was

saying this of her own free will, then...

“Could it be... you feel like you can’t turn your back on the comrades

you’ve fought together with until now?”

“That’s part of it... But this is my fight; I can’t just walk away partway

through it.”

“Your fight? What do you mean?”

“Like you said, I don’t have any memories—I don’t have any reason to

fight. And that’s how it was at first. I kept myself shut away in my room.

But when I heard the demons were attacking, after hearing someone

begging for their people to be saved, I felt like it was something I had to

do.”

Hatsumi’s articulate answer shut Suimei up rather quickly. It was rather

similar to what Reiji had once said to him.

“And so I took up arms with the people of the Alliance, Selphy, and the

others, and we pushed the demons back. Everyone was happy. Not because

I fought, but because I saved them and their families. That’s why...”

That’s why she couldn’t just leave them now. She felt like she’d started

this fight, and dropping it as soon as she heard she might be able to return

home would be nothing short of selfish.

And those words came flooding out of Hatsumi’s mouth like this was

the first chance she’d gotten to really speak her mind on the matter. But

how she felt was understandable. Her conscience was guiding her—or

holding her back, as Suimei saw it. In the end, this wasn’t her fight. She’d

just been dragged into the people’s cause. And just as Suimei was about to

admonish her for that, she suddenly changed the topic.

“Hey, um... I don’t know when it was, but was there a funeral? You were

the chief mourner. I think you lost someone important to you...”

“A funeral? Three years ago... was my father’s funeral. The chief

mourner was supposed to be Instructor Kiyoshiro, but since I was the

closest blood relative, I ended up doing it.”

Suimei was wondering whether she’d remembered something. But

Hatsumi let out a despondent sigh, like she’d just heard bad news.

“I thought so...”

“But how do you know about that? Don’t you have amnesia?”

“I had a vision—a flashback. Everything was hazy and it only lasted for

a moment, though.”

As Suimei was pondering how that might have actually happened, she

continued explaining.

“But after the funeral, I saw you. You said that you had to keep going