shoulders at their approach. Just then, something caused the mana lamps

installed in the courtyard as well as the lamps being held by the guards to

start flickering.

They were flashing in and out at random intervals, and eventually, as if

they’d all given up the ghost, light vanished from the courtyard completely.

In the brief instant where the guards were bewildered by this unexpected

turn of events, the very air around Suimei seemed to waver. It was like he

was covered in a heat haze. Suimei himself wasn’t moving. His bangs

obscured his face, and Rumeya could see nothing of his expression. But

despite the predicament he was in, he stood stock-still and did nothing.

However, the moment she did finally manage to get a good look at

Suimei through that transparent haze, a shiver ran through her body. It

didn’t feel like the malice that came from demons, but right now, Suimei

was giving off a strangely eerie feeling. It felt like she was staring dread

right in the eyes. Like the darkness around her was thick enough to be

tangible.

And then, without warning, all the guards who were moving in on

Suimei fell to the ground with a clang.

“Wha—?!”

Witnessing them all collapse with no logical explanation, she couldn’t

help gasping. The other guards and the hero’s companions did the same.

Alarmed, they all began stirring in the darkness. During this confusion,

even the palace guards further in the back began to fall over as they lost

consciousness.

The only ones left standing were Gaius, Weitzer, and a select handful of

the palace guard. The hero’s companions appeared unfazed, but even the

hardier guards were spooked. Rumeya thought she could all see them

sweating profusely. Gaius, after carefully looking around at the fallen men,

turned to Suimei.

“...The hell did you just do?”

“As you can see, I knocked them out.”

“You... knocked them out?”

Gaius seemed completely bewildered at Suimei’s brief reply. Weitzer, on

the other hand, had much more to say.

“Without magic? Without even touching them? How suspect, indeed!

What the hell did you do, bastard?!”

“I’d just be repeating myself at this point.”

“Do you intend to deceive me with those words? Impossible! Are you

suggesting you knocked them out just by thinking it? Well, you bastard?”

“Correct. The very ‘impossibility’ you speak of.”

As his statement hung in the air without any pretense, Weitzer replied in

a somewhat disgusted tone.

“Enough with your nonsense. You cannot knock people out just by

thinking about it. How absurd. Besides, the soldiers here are the Alliance’s

elite, I’ll have you know. They are both physically and mentally strong.

They would never fall from just—”

Suimei’s red eyes pointed an extremely bored, cold gaze at Weitzer and

interrupted him.

“What’re you saying? These are just normal men who know a thing or

two about using swords, right? What makes you think guys like that stood a

chance against my will?”

Right after he fired off those words, Rumeya felt like the air in the area

cooled down considerably. Had he done something? Or was she just

imagining it after hearing his chilling words? No, something more than the

cold night breeze was blowing through. It felt like it stuck to her, prickling

at her skin.

Intimidated by Suimei’s auspicious speech and eerie aura, most of the

remaining guards ran away. But it was already too late. They all collapsed

to the ground as they tried to flee. From what Rumeya could see, it didn’t

seem like their spirits had been drained or anything. There was certainly a

bizarre atmosphere cloaking the area, but it didn’t seem to be what was

knocking out the robust palace guards either. Was it really just as he said?

That they were falling simply because he willed it?

“You bastard...” Weitzer practically hissed.

“The rest of you who are left, get out of the way. A simple human has no

way of winning against a magician, you know?”

As Suimei made his exasperated declaration, Weitzer seemed to realize

something. A confident smirk crossed his lips.

“But it seems your powers have no effect on us.”

“Sure enough. We’re still standing, ain’t we?”

Even Gaius wore a fearless smile as he backed up his companion. It was

true that they were the cornerstone of their side in this battle where their

subordinates were dropping like flies. So why was it that they were unable

to sense the danger before them? Rumeya couldn’t figure it out. If she were

in their position, between the ominous happenings in their surroundings and

Suimei’s own eerie aura, she would tuck her tails and run away

immediately. The tides were already in Suimei’s favor, and it didn’t seem

like anything they could do would change that now.

For in the dim moonlight, Suimei’s figure fell into darkness. It was as if

he was a natural denizen of shadow. Night itself clung to him, cloaking his

figure.

“Weitzer! Gaius!”

Suddenly, a woman’s voice rang out from behind Rumeya. It was gentle,

and carried with it great concern for her friends. It was a beautiful, dulcet

voice, and a woman with an equally beautiful appearance arrived in short

order. She had long, flowing hair and strong-willed green eyes. And above

all else, she wielded a terrifying sword. This was the hero of the Alliance.

“Hatsumi?!” exclaimed Gaius.

“Hero-dono!” shouted Weitzer.

“This is... Huh?”

As Hatsumi went running towards her companions, she caught sight of

the terrible spectacle that lay before her. After observing the bodies on the

ground in utter bafflement, she looked sternly at Suimei.

“Did you do this?”

“Yeah, but there’s no need to worry. They’re only unconscious. There’s

nothing wrong with them other than that.”

A dangerous tension seemed to be building up between the two of them.

Based on Suimei’s story, they were supposed to be childhood friends, but

judging from Hatsumi’s attitude, that didn’t seem to be the case at all. Had

something happened?

Following shortly after Hatsumi, the mage from the self-governed state,

Selphy Fittney, also arrived on the scene.

“With this, all four of us have gathered!” she called.

Indeed, all of the hero’s companions now rallied to her side. Meanwhile,

Suimei was still quietly trying to get through to Hatsumi.

“Hatsumi, I want you to listen to me.”

“If you obediently turn yourself in, I’ll consider listening to you.”

“I’m not into that kinda stuff...”

He knew he couldn’t comply with what Hatsumi was asking. It likely

wouldn’t work out well for him. After all, there was no way the royal family

of Miazen would treat him courteously after all this commotion. A bit

stumped as to how to handle this increasingly complicated situation, Suimei

looked imploringly at Hatsumi. Seeing this, Gaius turned to her as well.

“He’s been sayin’ it for a while, but is he really an acquaintance of

yours?”

“I don’t know him, but he claims to be my childhood friend.”

“Wuh?”

Gaius raised a questioning voice in a near comical fashion. He then

turned his astonished gaze on Suimei.

“Hey, lad. If you’re gonna lie, at least try a little harder, will ya? No

matter how much you wanna meet the hero, not even some little brat would

use that kinda excuse, y’know?”

“Sure, but your outright dismissal of what I’m trying to tell you is the

real problem here. Hatsumi has amnesia, right? So none of you can know

for sure that what I’m saying is a lie. You follow?”

“Oh, come on. Claimin’ to be the childhood friend of a summoned hero

is just li’l farfetched, doncha think?”

Gaius didn’t hesitate in making his position on the matter clear, but

Suimei pushed no further. Rather than objecting, he simply let out a heavy

sigh. It felt like he was talking to immovable statues. It was Selphy who

questioned him next.

“So, what will you do now? Will you obediently turn yourself in?”

“I already refused that, didn’t I?”

“Shall I interpret that as intent to resist?”

“...”

Receiving no reply, Selphy tried a different approach. Something a little

more threatening.

“Then let me ask you this: do you really think that you can win against

us? You do know the four of us broke the demon army and defeated a

demon general, don’t you?”

“That’s why you think you’re strong? That’s a bit conceited, isn’t it?”

“Care to test us then, lad?” said Gaius, jumping in.

Despite his joking tone, this was no joking matter. If Suimei resisted,

this would turn into a serious fight. But, contrary to all expectations, Suimei

merely turned around.

“Uh...”

“No thanks. I’m not interested. I’ll be going for now.”

“Huh?! Wait, you’re gonna run away after all that talk?!”

“I’m not interested in needlessly causing a mess. I’ll come again, so do

excuse me for tonight.”

Suimei looked back over his shoulder and spoke politely. He couldn’t do

what they were asking, but this would be his own way of quietly backing

down. Perhaps because his childhood friend was present, he didn’t want to

resort to violence. But Gaius quickly sprang into action.

“You think I’m gonna just say ‘yeah, okay’ now?!”

Unleashing his fighting spirit, Gaius leaped forward with a magnificent

punch. His feet gouged the earth below as he kicked off the ground, and his

fist flew out in front of him with a tremendous amount of power that shook

the very air around it. If a blow like that caught Suimei, his dainty body

would be in for a world of hurt. But Gaius’s attack was reckless.

“Hmph. Compared to my father, your fists are far too slow.”

With a snort and an exasperated comment, Suimei took a step towards

Gaius in one swift, fluid motion. His right foot—the one he’d stepped

forward with—dug into the ground with more power than when Gaius had

launched himself. The ground practically shattered underneath him. He then

lowered his waist and ejected his fist upward. A loud noise resonated

through Gaius’s abdomen. The impact reverberated through him to the earth

below, kicking up dirt. Rumeya felt like she could see a green magic circle

coiling around Suimei’s extended right arm and hand. But even more

stunned than she was... was Gaius himself.

“What... the...”

He couldn’t even begin to believe that a mage might beat him at his own

game. Roaring over his surprised gasping, Suimei let out a shout that filled

the courtyard.

“HAH!”

Putting the martial arts instructor to shame, Suimei drove his fist further

into Gaius’s abdominal muscles. Even the air trembled with a shockwave

from the blow, and Gaius’s body was blown clear across the courtyard,

smashing into the wall on the opposite side. There was the unmistakable

sound of the collision, followed by the sound of something heavy hitting the

ground.

“Ridiculous...”

“You’re kidding! Gaius!”

Selphy and Hatsumi’s disbelieving cries rang out across the courtyard.

Though he didn’t raise his voice, Prince Weitzer was also staring on in

shock. Other than that, all was still. The only signs left of the encounter

were the fractured earth that made it look as though there had been an

explosion, the remnants of Suimei’s mana lingering in the air, and the

silhouette of his fist extended outward. Rumeya could hear him exhale

profoundly, but like before, his face was too concealed by his bangs for her

to clearly see his expression. She could only guess it was calm. Before long,

he stood back up and addressed his opponent.

“Yo, geezer. You alive over there?”

“You... ain’t really... a mage... are you?”

“I’m a magician. It was just a mistake to think I couldn’t engage in close

combat.”

Suimei stood his ground fearlessly, but it became clear he had no

intention of going any further than necessary. After his short exchange with

Gaius, everyone else seemed to regain their composure. The mage from the

self-governed state, Selphy, then began to move.