they came across a shop with a somewhat gaudy exterior. As soon as it

came into view, one of the group excitedly raised their voice.

“Ooh, this store is...!” exclaimed Lefille.

The shop in question was a clothing store that also seemed to carry

various other goods and novelties. Since everything on display in the shop

window was adorable, it seemed the store was largely trying to appeal to

women. There were similar shops in the imperial capital, and this one was

in no way inferior in selection and scale. They had a wealth of goods in

store, and even boasted complete sets of similarly themed items. When he

took a careful look at the display window, the lightbulb came on for Suimei.

“Ah, it’s that kind of place, huh? Like that clothing store from before...”

The store closely resembled the clothier he and Lefille had visited in

Kurant City. Back when they were shopping for her in her smaller form,

they’d had to buy dresses for little girls in order to get anything that would

fit properly. The shop they’d visited in Astel was stocked with the latest

fashions from the Saadias Alliance, so it seemed like this must be the

flagship store. To be able to set up a foreign branch like that in such an

undeveloped world was a strong indication of their profitability. And the

shop here, just like the one in Kurant City, had frilly dresses of all sizes and

colors on display. Taking it all in, Suimei turned to Lefille.

“Do you... want to go in?”

“What?! No, I don’t particularly... but...”

Or so she said, but her eyes kept darting back to the shop window.

Seeing her like this, an impish grin crept over Suimei’s lips.

“You can’t wear kid’s clothes anymore, you know?”

“Nobody said anything about wearing children’s clothing!”

“No? You never know... You might end up small again sometime. It

could come in handy then.”

“Shut up! I can’t hear you!”

While the two were having this exchange, Felmenia suddenly ran up

behind the two of them and excitedly called out to Suimei.

“Suimei-dono! Let us go to that store!”

“What? You like that kind of stuff too, Menia?”

“I do!”

Felmenia was practically bursting at the seams with enthusiasm. As

Suimei thought, it seemed this kind of cutesy store had a certain appeal for

most girls. Lefille was likely only protesting because she really did want to

go in too.

“Well, shall we go and take a look around?”

“I-I suppose I don’t have a choice. If everyone is going, I’ll come

along.”

Lefille’s voice faltered a little as she feigned resignation about going.

She and Suimei then began walking towards the store together, but a

questioning voice came from behind them.

“...Suimei-dono? Lefille? Where are the two of you going? It is over

here, right? This one.”

“Huh?”

“Oh...?”

Suimei and Lefille turned around at Felmenia’s behest. She had been

facing the same direction they were, so they’d just assumed she meant that

she wanted to go to the clothing store too. They were very, very wrong. She

was currently pointing towards a dubious storefront that practically radiated

sketchiness.

“Come, both of you! Let us hurry!”

But in stark contrast to the creepy aura the store gave off, Felmenia was

beaming. There seemed to be a complete disconnect between them. There

was zero indication there was anything about the store that should make a

lady smile like that.

“Th-There? That one? Really? Seriously?”

“Indeed! Behold the gloomy atmosphere, the likes of which cannot be

found in all Astel or even the Empire! Take a deep breath and inhale the

suspicious odors of unknown medicinal herbs! Just look at the plethora of

goods with magic words engraved on them in the window! How could you

not be excited?!”

Felmenia passionately implored Suimei, who was staring at her like he

hardly understood what she was saying. After listening to her and taking a

closer look at the store, he did indeed see that they were selling a wealth of

magicka items—or magic tools, as they were called here. But unlike

Felmenia, he wasn’t taken with excitement.

“Suimei-dono? Why are you making such an odd face? Is something the

matter?”

“It’s...”

“It’s what? Do you find it strange?”

“I-I mean...”

Sensing Suimei’s hesitation, Felmenia turned her question to Liliana

instead.

“Lily, what do you think about it?”

“L-Liliana? It’s weird, isn’t it? Right?”

Suimei was looking for someone to agree with him, but...

“Is it?”

“Huh...?”

“Just as Felmenia said... it seems... quite interesting.”

Suimei then realized that, just like Felmenia, Liliana’s eye was

sparkling.

“You see?! It is just as I thought! There isn’t a mage in the world who

wouldn’t tremble with excitement at such a grand sight!”

“Is Suimei... different?”

“No, well, I am little interested in it, but...”

As a magician, Suimei also had a natural curiosity in mystical goods.

But regardless of the circumstances, he’d never guessed the girls would get

so excited about something like this. As Suimei stood there completely

baffled by it all, a solid, reassuring pat fell on his shoulder.

“It’s alright. Your reaction is perfectly normal, Suimei-kun.”

“R-Right?”

Lefille too was making a complicated expression like she was beholding

something beyond her comprehension. It seemed she and Suimei were on

the same page, and he was relieved common sense was on his side here.

“Anyway, Suimei-dono, let us go inside!”

“Yes... I would like... to go in as well.”

“...Alright, in we go then.”

With Felmenia tugging on one arm and Liliana tugging on the other, the

three of them entered the shop together and Lefille followed close behind.

Suimei had gone shopping for magickal goods in the Empire, so it wasn’t

the first time he’d been in a shop like this, but this one in particular smelled

of incense. Back in his own world, this type of store would often use

incense with a pleasant smell to entice customers. But that wasn’t the case

here; the scent reminded him more of the incense used during funerals.

The shop’s clerk, who was blankly standing behind the counter, seemed

to have no interest in actually helping customers. But it was just as well.

Before Suimei knew it, Felmenia and Liliana were already browsing the

shelves of goods and books, and picking out medicinal herbs and magic

staffs.

Much like the stores Suimei had visited in the Empire, the magic tools

sold here came in all different manner of styles, and seemed to prize form

over function. In this world, they were items meant to be shown off, after

all. Whereas Suimei was used to regular accessories being made into

magickal items, this world made magickal items into accessories. As

Suimei was contemplating this, Felmenia called out to him.

“Look, Suimei-dono! I’ve found something quite interesting!”

He looked over and saw that she was holding something as she bounced

up and down and waved to get his attention. Seeing what was in her hand,

however, the blood drained from Suimei’s face.

“A-A stuffed doll...”

“Is something the matter?”

“No...”

Suimei unconsciously groaned as he looked at the old-fashioned doll in

her grasp. Felmenia simply cocked her head to the side in puzzlement at

this reaction. Back in his own world, Suimei had a partner who’d made a

doll of him once... It was a terrible memory for him. Ever since then,

whenever he saw small, cutesy stuffed dolls, he shuddered to recall it. It

was a struggle he’d rather not remember.

After managing something of a reply to Felmenia, Suimei looked around

to see what Lefille and Liliana were up to. Lefille, who was not familiar

with magickal items, was looking around the store with an unmistakable

grimace on her face. Meanwhile, Liliana was flipping through a grimoire.

When he turned back, Felmenia had shifted her attention to a glass display

case filled with accessories. She was probably looking at amulets and

talismans. She wasn’t the type of mage who used a staff, so she was

particularly interested in other kinds of magic accessories like jewelry.

Looking at her closely, Suimei could see her eyes sparkling as she admired

the contents of the case. She’d had no interest whatsoever in the clothing

store next door, but it at least seemed that there were certain girly things

that did tickle her fancy.

“Menia, if there’s something that catches your eye, shall I buy it for

you?”

“!”

“W-Would you, Suimei-dono?!”

Felmenia gasped in excitement and happily accepted his offer. Suimei

could have sworn Lefille shot a surprised look his way, but he must have

been imagining it. She was looking the other way when he looked up at her.

“Then, um, how about this one?”

“Yeah, sure.”

Felmenia reservedly pointed at a brooch with a blue gem in it, and

Suimei nodded. After calling the clerk to retrieve it from the case, he paid

for it and handed it over to Felmenia. Grinning from ear to ear, Felmenia

held it lovingly in both hands.

“A gift from Suimei-dono... Teehee.”

“Do you like it?”

“Heeheehee...”

“Yoohoo, earth to Menia!”

Even when he waved his hand in front of her face, she didn’t reply. It

seemed she’d gone on an extended trip into her own head.

“Hmm... What about you, Liliana? Is there something you want?”

“There isn’t... anything in particular... I’m dying to have.”

With that, Liliana continued to leisurely browse the store. As she walked

off, Suimei heard something strange behind him. It sounded like shuffling.

“...?”

Looking for the source of the noise, Suimei spied Lefille as she

approached. She slowly shuffled closer inch by inch. Suimei watched her

with a puzzled expression, wondering if she’d gotten tired or something.

“S-Suimei-kun?”

“What’s up?”

Lefille cleared her throat and summoned a stern voice as if she meant to

reprimand him.

“A-Ahem... I don’t think that it’s fair for you to only buy something for

Lady Felmenia.”

“Is that so?”

“Indeed!”

“Do you want something, Lefi? I did buy you those clothes back in

Kurant City, didn’t I?”

“Th-That’s true, but...”

“I have my wallet to think of, you know. If you want something, I’m

sorry, but this time you’ll have to manage on your own...”

Suimei scratched his head as he apologized, but Lefille still stuck to her

guns.

“B-But before we left the Empire, didn’t you buy Lily a parasol?!”

“Yeah. She can’t use dark magic now, so that was to try and make up for

the difference, even if only a little bit.”

Before leaving for the Alliance, Suimei had purchased Liliana a parasol

that suited her rather well. While she was receiving treatment, it would play

the role of a magic staff and allow her to use simple magicka. With her

decreased ability to defend herself without her dark magic, Suimei

considered it a necessity for their journey. But despite that, Lefille still

looked at him with envious eyes. He didn’t understand why.

“What’s wrong all of a sudden? It’s not like there’s anything you’d

really want here, is there?”

“Th-That’s not true, I’ll have you know. After looking around, I got

interested in some things. Really, really interested.”

“What...?”

“Th-That’s right! Like... How about this?!”