pitiful, desperate sight. The man was covered in injuries and bandages

nearly from head to toe. He’d likely been fighting himself before coming to

Miazen.

“Ah...”

Suddenly, the king and officials turned towards Hatsumi. She knew they

were looking to her for help—for hope. But they quickly looked away.

Based on what she’d done—or hadn’t—before now, they all likely thought

of her as unreliable.

The man continued to plead with the king. The palace guards attempted

to pull him away, but he was far too large and muscular for them to be able

to restrain him. He shouted out in desperate defiance as they tried to force

him to withdraw.

“Hngh...”

His roaring cry jolted Hatsumi. It felt like he was yelling directly inside

her head. It echoed and reverberated in her skull like a clock tower bell.

Then she saw something. Something strange.

“What...?”

As if she had vertigo, Hatsumi’s field of vision began to spin and shift.

All she could see now was a gray backdrop through a black sandstorm.

Before she knew it, she’d lost her sense of peripheral vision and could only

see what was dead ahead of her. It was like watching a television. And then,

just as suddenly as it had come, the sandstorm vanished like white noise

when someone changed the channel.

But things weren’t back to normal just yet. What she saw next wasn’t

the emotional scene unfolding in the audience chamber, but what looked

like some kind of funeral service. Unable to move anything but her eyes, all

she could do was watch.

It was a Western-style funeral, and there were both Japanese and

foreigners in attendance. It was a big, diverse group, but everyone was

dressed in all black. The deceased would be dearly missed, that much was

certain. Hatsumi just didn’t know who it was.

But there was one face she did recognize. The boy reading a eulogy

before the crowd of mourners looked like an older version of the boy she’d

seen many times in her dreams. And it seemed the biggest loss was his. As

he read, she could hear him say things like “father” and “only family.” He

must have been in the throes of grief. There were hardly words to express

the anguish of being alone in the world at such a young age.

But even so, he only looked ahead. Since he would be walking forward

alone from here on out, he couldn’t afford to hang his head. He read his

father’s eulogy stoutly without even a sign of letting tears or woe stop him.

His resolute black eyes stared into the gray, cloudy distance. Then the

channel suddenly seemed to change again and Hatsumi was seeing the

living room of some house. The same boy was there, muttering something

in his sleep.

“I... must keep going forward in order to realize the dream my father

preached to me... without fail. If I stop, it will end right here. That’s why... I

have to go save them.”

Perhaps that was why he hadn’t shown an ounce of weakness while

everyone else was mourning. But after subconsciously affirming his

resolve, he quietly fell into a deep slumber. The funeral, the service,

meeting with everyone who’d come to pay their respects... All of it must

have been exhausting. But now, peering at his sleeping face, Hatsumi could

see a single tear streaming down his cheek.

Was this vision a flashback of one of her missing memories? The screen

of her mind briefly returned to the black sandstorm before cutting back to

reality. She could once again hear the angry shouting of the man from

Larsheem, and she could make out Weitzer standing in front of him. It was

the same scene as before.

“Ah...”

“Are you alright, Hatsumi? What’s the matter?” Selphy asked.

“Y-Yeah... I’m alright.”

Selphy seemed concerned, likely because Hatsumi looked dazed. But

Hatsumi could tell based on the conversation Weitzer was having with the

man that she’d only been out of it for a split second. But that was all it took.

Within that split second, Hatsumi had made up her mind. Stepping away

from Selphy, she walked over to Weitzer and the man from Larsheem.

“I’ll go.”

“Huh? Who the hell are you?”

The man looked quite puzzled at a young girl suddenly cutting into the

conversation. But so did Weitzer, who inadvertently revealed her identity in

a cry of surprise.

“Hero-dono?!”

“Wait, you’re the hero?”

“Yes. My name is Kuchiba Hatsumi, and I seem to be the hero

summoned by the Alliance.”

At that, the man sneered and snorted.

“Oh yeah? I heard the summoned hero was a coward who wouldn’t raise

a hand against a fly after being summoned.”

“You bastard! You will mind your manners in front of the hero!” Weitzer

immediately reprimanded him.

“Ha! It’s the truth, ain’t it? If it wasn’t, then there’s no way she’d be

sittin’ in here with what’s happening out there.”

“Th-That’s... There are extenuating circumstances...” Weitzer said, his

voice shrinking.

“Yeah, they call that cowardice.”

That much was undeniable. Even though she’d been the victim of some

very bizarre events, it was true she’d done nothing. She was simply hiding

away while she waited for the pleasantries to end. It was the opposite of

what that boy had done. He’d kept his chin up and stared his future right in

the eye, no matter how grim or scary it was. If he could see her now, he’d

surely call her a coward too.

Hatsumi looked at the man from Larsheem and met his derisive gaze.

“What? You got something to say?”

“I do. Whether I can fight or not... Would you like to test that right

now?”

“Hatsumi?!”

“Hero-dono?!”

“You little punk...”

Selphy and Weitzer both looked on the verge of panic, but the man bared

his fangs. After coming here straight from the battlefield and getting into it

with the king, it seemed he was raring to go.

The man forcefully shook off the palace guards still trying to restrain

him. They were hardly a match for him, and were flung this way and that.

Hatsumi started to walk towards them at a good clip... and deftly drew the

sword hanging at Weitzer’s waist. She then took a stance in front of the man

from Larsheem, the tip of her sword pointed upward at his eyes. It seemed

that was all it took to summon her knowledge of swordsmanship.

“What?! My sword is—”

Hatsumi could hear Weitzer’s belated reaction. It was only after seeing it

flicker in the mana lamps of the audience chamber that he realized his

sword was in her hands. He still had no idea how it had gotten there,

however.

As such, there was absolutely nothing he could have done to stop her.

The man before her, who’d seen it all happen in the blink of an eye, was

also completely bewildered. Seeing that he had no intention of assuming a

stance to fight her, Hatsumi made her move. She lunged at his chest, closing

the distance between them in a flash. The man could only stare wide-eyed

as she came at him.

However, her blade never reached him. It only sliced through the air

next to him. It seemed that, though she was initially coming at his chest,

she’d taken a step to the right as she leaped.

“Is this sufficient?” she asked.

The man gritted his teeth, vexed he hadn’t been able to see through her.

“You sayin’ I would’ve died from that just now? As expected of a hero,

but—”

Was he trying to offer her some candid advice, perhaps? He didn’t get to

finish. In the middle of his sentence, a heavy boom rang out behind him.

Just over his shoulder, the stone pillars that held up decorative flags near the

entrance to the audience chamber collapsed to the ground. It looked as

though they’d been split clean in half. Watching them crumble, the name of

the technique she’d just used came to Hatsumi’s mind.

“The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani’s ‘Long Sword of the

Absolute Edge.’”

Everyone in the chamber was at a loss for words over what had just

happened. Two stone pillars—both of which were well outside of Hatsumi’s

reach—were toppled without her ever touching them. Their surprise was

perfectly understandable.

“Th-The pillars!”

“Impossible! From that one swing...?!”

She could hear disbelief worm its way through the crowd. Hatsumi then

turned a rather casual question on the startled spectators... who had

apparently quite misunderstood what had just happened.

“Those are the monsters that I must defeat, correct?”

Just then, there was the sound of something else crumbling to the floor.

When everyone turned once more to look in the direction of the pillars, they

now saw a grotesque figure that had been cut into pieces. It was an ugly

creature, like an abomination straight from a fantasy story—except this one

was very, vividly real. It had horns, and both its skin and the blood flowing

out of it were red. Its white, dead eyes were rolled back into its skull.

“A demon?!” Weitzer exclaimed.

“To think they would have spies all the way over here...” the man from

Larsheem said bitterly, irritated at his own negligence.

“When did you realize?” Weitzer asked, turning to Hatsumi.

“As soon as I took hold of the sword. Your senses also sharpen with a

sword in your hand, don’t they, Weitzer?”

“That’s true, but...”

Even so, it was a little extreme. As Weitzer reconciled with his own

bewilderment, Hatsumi turned to the man from Larsheem.

“So, are you still unsatisfied with my abilities?”

“...No. I’m honestly amazed, Hero-sama. I had no idea. I completely

take back everything I said earlier.”

All the hostility he’d been carrying with him vanished with a sigh.

Hatsumi then turned back to Weitzer, who was still standing there in a daze.

She carefully held out his sword to him, pommel first, with an apologetic

expression on her face.

“Sorry for taking it without asking.”

“No, Hero-dono! Not at all! Your skill with it is magnificent— No,

divine! I am completely humbled.”

“Calling it divine is going a little too far...”

“Certainly not! To be able to cut such a large stone pillar in a single

swing without magic... Such a feat is ordinarily impossible.”

Weitzer was uncommonly excited, and Hatsumi replied nearly without

thinking.

“What are you saying? A swordsman who can only cut things within

their range is...”

“Oh?”

“Huh? Oh...!”

It was almost like her mouth was moving on its own. She hardly knew

what she was saying, so she clammed up before she said anything she might

regret. Since she’d cut herself off in the middle of sentence, however,

Weitzer looked at her curiously.

“Is something the matter?”

“N-No, nothing. Anyway...”

Hatsumi briefly retreated into her head to contemplate things. Was it

really alright for her to step into this battle? Was it the right choice? They

were difficult questions, but then she recalled the words of the boy in her

dream. She had her answer.

“Where are the people that need to be saved?”

Her bold words echoed through the audience chamber, stunning all who

were present into silence. That was the beginning of the fighting for

Kuchiba Hatsumi, the girl who’d lost her past.

It was remembering the boy in her dream that gave her the courage to

look up and move forward. She had to. In order for her to keep her head

held high when she finally saw him next, she had to follow in his footsteps.

She had to keep going.

And reflecting on that now, as she lay on her bed after the night’s

incidents, she came to a certain realization.

“I see... It was what he said...”

The reason the boy who’d intruded in her room made her feel somewhat

nostalgic was because he spoke the same way the boy in her dreams did.