“Sir Gaius, what are you doing entering a woman’s room without even

knocking?”

“Aw, what’s the big deal? She was just sleeping in the clothes she

usually wears, right? If she were immodestly dressed, I’m sure you’da done

something about it already.”

“Well, that much is certainly true. I would have started by firing a spell

at you.”

“Oooh, scary.”

Gaius grabbed both his shoulders and pretended to shiver in fright.

Though he didn’t think of it that way, he was quite a droll man. Hatsumi,

however, didn’t really mind Gaius’s impolite behavior. She lightly bowed

her head to him from atop her bed.

“I’m sorry, Gaius. I overslept.”

“That’s rare for you.”

“I think doing something new must have tired me out...”

Hatsumi spoke timidly. It had come up during dinner as well, but that

afternoon had been her first experience with a parade. For half a day, she

had to stand atop a cowhorn-drawn float while waving and smiling at the

cheering crowds. It was a lot more difficult than she’d thought.

“Ah, yeah, I get you there. Even my beautiful shoulders are stiff after all

that.”

Gaius was rubbing his shoulder while making a bitter face. Even though

he was a rather worldly man, it seemed he wasn’t used to such things either.

Hatsumi had thought he looked like he was having quite a lot of fun during

the parade, but it seemed perhaps that wasn’t the case after all. As they were

talking about all this, a young man wearing an exquisite knight’s outfit

came through the still-open door. And the first thing that came out of his

mouth was...

“Gaius. Just what are you thinking, marching into the hero’s room on

your own like that?”

Glaring at Gaius out of the corner of his eye, the newcomer criticized

him in a sharp tone. It was Weitzer Ryerzen, prince of Miazen. Gaius,

however, sat there unfazed, digging around his ear with his pinky finger

while he waited for the prince to stop talking.

“What? You gonna lecture me too? Like I said, what’s the big deal? I

could hear them talking and all, so I knew she was awake. Come on,

already. I wanna get the depressing talk out of the way so I can go get some

booze.”

“Are you saying you’re more concerned with spirits than the peace of

the world?”

“Sure am.”

Gaius struck his chest proudly, not hesitating to answer. Pinching his

brow in displeasure at such arrogance, Weitzer judged that any further

conversation with such an oaf would be unproductive. With a much

softened expression, he turned to Hatsumi instead to greet her.

“I deeply apologize for being so boisterous when you’ve just awoken,

Hero-dono. Did you sleep well?”

“Yes, thank you. And I’m sorry for making you wait.”

“Not at all. You must still be fatigued from battle. We’re the ones

repeatedly dragging you into combat, after all. So I implore you to think

nothing of it, Hero-dono.”

“Yeah...”

Weitzer made it a point to be courteous so as not to make Hatsumi

uncomfortable. As always, he was quite the gentleman. Hatsumi, knowing

what serious conversation lay ahead of them, went to get up from the bed.

Selphy moved to lend her a hand as she rose, but Weitzer held her back for

some reason.

“Selphy, leave this to me.”

“...Very well.”

Selphy questioned Weitzer’s actions for a moment, but quickly came to

a realization and gracefully resigned herself. Seeing this exchange left

Hatsumi puzzled as Weitzer drew closer.

“W-Weitzer?”

“Now then, Hero-dono, please take my hand.”

“Huh? Oh... Th-Thank you...”

Weitzer extended his hand to Hatsumi for support. Worried about her, he

smiled at her gently to encourage her. Hatsumi bashfully looked away as

she thanked him. This kind of behavior was fairly common for him, but it

was still quite embarrassing. Nevertheless, she took his hand and stood up.

Their other two companions were quietly laughing like something was most

amusing.

“Ah, so the prince is goin’ on the offensive, eh?”

“Heh...”

Weitzer escorted Hatsumi over to where they were sitting.

“Hero-dono, how did you enjoy tonight’s dinner?”

“Well, the food was delicious, but...”

“Was there something about it you weren’t pleased with?”

“That’s not it. It’s just that dealing with that kind of atmosphere isn’t

easy. Ah, but I don’t mean to say I dislike being around His and Her

Majesty, understand?”

Hatsumi actually got along fairly well not just with the king and queen,

but with everyone in the palace. Yet even then, it made her anxious to dine

under such pomp and circumstance. She was never able to fully relax with

all the formalities. She wasn’t sure how Weitzer had interpreted what she

said about it, but he replied with the air of a know-it-all.

“But of course. You’ve lost your memory, after all. I’m sure, after some

time, things will come back to you and you’ll be much more comfortable

under such circumstances.”

“That’s not really what I mean though...”

“You will get used to it soon, Hero-dono. I think it’s already growing on

you. Your manners at the dinner table are always impeccable, after all.”

“Y-Yeah...”

Hatsumi could only muster an awkward reply to Weitzer’s praise. She

didn’t understand how he could flatter her like that with such a straight face.

After taking her seat, she caught a glimpse of Gaius grinning. Selphy too

was stifling a laugh. She wasn’t sure what was so funny.

“I see the two of you behave this way from time to time... but what is

it?”

“Ah, it’s nothing.”

“Indeed. We were just making small talk.”

The two of them seemed in rather good spirits. Weitzer, on the other

hand, looked rather offended, though that only made Gaius smile more. He

waited for Weitzer to take a seat before addressing him.

“So, what’ll we do from here?”

“I don’t really think there is anything to do.”

“Aw, come on, don’t be like that. You angry about something?”

“Certainly not.”

Despite what he said, Weitzer did seem irritated. Cutting into their little

exchange, Hatsumi got the conversation back on track.

“It’s a matter of course that we’ll continue subjugating the demons, but

how shall we proceed from here?”

“Ain’t it fine just to link up with the soldiers and march on the bastards

like usual?”

“I also think it is a good idea to proceed as we have been, Hero-dono.”

In a strange turn of events, Weitzer agreed with Gaius. And if the two of

them were united, it had to mean it was a solid plan. However, Hatsumi had

different thoughts on the matter.

“That may be, but...”

“You thinkin’ about something else, Hatsumi?”

“Yeah. Since we have this kind of war potential, I was thinking that

there’s probably a better way to use it. I mean, we’ve already raised the

soldiers’ morale considerably with a big victory. And morale only gets but

so high, right? So I was thinking it might be better to leave the battlefield to

the generals from here on out.”

“Huh?”

Gaius didn’t quite follow, but Weitzer seemed to grasp her proposition

immediately.

“In other words, you’re saying it would be better for us to move against

the demons independently now.”

“Yeah, I was thinking it’s a possibility. We could make a surprise attack

against the demon generals or something. Though it may be a dangerous

play...”

“Certainly. But if it is a success, then the burden on the soldiers would

be lightened remarkably.”

Their party was peerless in terms of strength and potential on the

battlefield. They had three members who could each fight against the

demons head-on, and one who could support them from the rear lines

perfectly. As a group, they were also well-suited for covert operations. If

they could take the initiative now and eliminate the demon generals and

other influential demons, they could claim a real victory for humanity in

this war.

“Knowing that, we’ll only proceed this way if everyone’s willing.”

Just as Hatsumi’s apprehensions indicated, it was indeed a dangerous

plan. It would put a great deal of pressure on all four of them. However,

Weitzer answered her confidently as if it were only natural.

“But of course. We intend to follow you wherever, Hero-dono.”

“Even if you’re okay with it, there’s still Gaius and Selphy to consider.

They both have their own countries to worry about. You don’t make

decisions for them, so don’t try and speak for them. Besides, frankly

speaking, I’m not completely decided on this plan yet either.”

“M-My apologies...”

After being rebuked, Weitzer apologized in an uncharacteristic fluster. It

seemed the pointed nature of her harsh words had gotten to him. But while

he was still reeling over his blunder, Gaius gave his own confident answer.

“I don’t mind at all. I’m tired of getting stalled, anyways. Danger is just

what I want.”

“I shall also accompany you. I have no intention of abandoning my duty

after we’ve come this far,” Selphy added.

“Thank you. Both of you.”

The two of them—or really, all three of them—were rather promising.

Hatsumi expressed her gratitude for their dedication, but Gaius looked at

her as though he’d seen something odd.

“At any rate, Hatsumi, you weren’t like this before. I’m surprised you

got so pumped up.”

It seemed he was surprised by her sudden proposal for an aggressive

move. When she first came to this world, she refused to have anything to do

with the subjugation and locked herself away in her room from the shock of

losing her memories. Gaius was likely comparing the way she was now to

the way she was then, but...

“You promised not to bring that up, didn’t you? Jeez... Nothing’s

changed. I just know we need to defeat the demons now.”

After fighting the demons for herself, Hatsumi realized what must be

done. Perhaps it was their strength, their malicious intent, their sinister

auras... She just knew in her heart of hearts that they were an evil that must

be vanquished. Moreover, she wanted to protect the people of this world—

including the three companions who fought alongside her. They were

important to her.

“Hey, Selphy, is there anything we need to be doing in Miazen right

now?”

“Not particularly. Just keep in mind that there are evening parties you

must attend.”

“Evening parties... Why?”

Hatsumi realized the importance of the parade in lifting the citizens’

spirits, but she didn’t think anything more than that would be necessary.

Though she’d posed the question to Selphy, Weitzer was the one to reply.

“It is because I would like us to deepen our friendship.”

“Don’t we all get along well enough already?”

Hatsumi had known the three of them ever since her first battle. It hadn’t

been all that long since they’d actually met, but through the bonds of trust

and friendship they’d formed on the battlefield, they became like family to

one another. She didn’t see how they could possibly need something as silly

as a party to solidify that. However...

“My apologies. I spoke poorly there. By ‘us,’ I mean the people of the

Saadias Alliance. I believe that you should properly spend some time with

my father and mother, as well as the other leaders from Miazen and the

leaders of the other Alliance countries.”

“That’s... I certainly don’t mind meeting with them, but it’s not like

we’re in a hurry for that.”

“Actually, Hero-dono, this is a matter of urgent business for the

Alliance. If we act right away, then...”