“Suimei-kun, that’s crass.”

As Suimei made a sour face, Lefille put on a smile and flicked him

lightly on the forehead.

“Ow, that smarts... Anyways, even though we’re close to the border, why

haven’t we seen anything resembling a mountain?”

While rubbing his forehead, Suimei stuck his head out of the carriage

and looked towards their destination. Just as he had said, there was no

mountain range in the direction they were going. Not even a small hill. In

general, most national borders used mountain ranges or other natural

markers as boundaries. It was typical to place border fortresses in the

valleys that broke up the range. It was a necessity to make it difficult for

neighboring countries to invade, but strangely enough, Suimei spied

nothing of the sort around. While he basked in the wind and looked about

the landscape skeptically, Lefille flashed a refreshing smile as if to tell him

he had nothing to worry about.

“Beyond here, there is a large fissure in the earth called ‘The Valley

Which Peeks Into Evil.’ It serves as the border between the Empire, the

Alliance, and the self-governed state.”

“A fissure?”

“In short, it’s a deep valley carved in the earth. It’s said that it was

created when the spirit who formed the counterpart of the Goddess’s servant

Ishaktney lost its temper and tore open the earth.”

“I see...”

Suimei’s ears perked up. These kinds of stories tended to spike his

inquisitiveness. The image of something the scale of the large belt carved

across Africa came to mind.

“At its deepest sections, one is unable to see the bottom at all, so a

bridge fortress was built at the shallowest section, serving as the fortress at

the national border.”

“...Hmm? Does that mean there’s only a single fortress?”

“The bridge fortress belongs to the Alliance. The Empire’s fortress is

basically enclosed within it. That’s what we’ll be seeing.”

Lefille gestured for a paper and pen from Suimei and then began

drawing a picture to demonstrate. Across a black line which represented the

fissure in the earth, she drew three bridges that connected to a single

fortress. And as if to seal the path leading out, the fortress was shaped like a

semi-circle around them. After the two of them talked about it briefly,

Lefille remembered something and changed the topic.

“Come to think of it, before we departed, we heard a rumor that the

victims of the coma incident regained consciousness, right?”

“Oh, that? It would’ve been fine if they were put to sleep a little longer,

honestly...”

Suimei made a bitter face since this outcome didn’t please him. He

would have preferred they stay unconscious until memories of the incident

had faded around town and people put it out of their minds. It would have

been fine for the victims to stay out of people’s eyes for a while.

Although, thanks to the people in the city changing their minds about

Liliana, this ended up not being an absolute necessity. But still, Suimei

thought it would be better if they were still unconscious—just so they

couldn’t try anything funny. Meanwhile, Lefille was looking at Suimei like

he was a shady character for talking about the victims in a rather

reprehensible manner.

“I’m reminded from time to time, but... you’re quite merciless, or rather

cruel, aren’t you?”

“Hmm? I’m a magician, you know. I’m not a respectable human being.”

“Nevertheless, I don’t think that’s something you should be saying.”

“Well, that may be so. But it’s not like I’m selfless, especially after all

this. You can tell from when I got Liliana pardoned, right? At the end of the

day, I’m the type of person who doesn’t care how some unrelated guy ends

up groaning over my actions.”

“Though wouldn’t it just make people angry if you unreasonably hurt

them?”

“I know that I’m being inconsistent. And I was more or less reconciled

with that before coming to this world. I believe that I’m well aware of what

is born from that inconsistency.”

“I see.”

Suimei was gazing at Lefille like he was resigned. Perhaps having

grasped his sentiment, Lefille questioned him no further.

“It’s about that time I faced a major setback. That thing I touched on

lightly after we defeated Rajas...”

“Indeed, I’m quite interested in it. I’d like you to tell me about it next

time without fail.”

“I’ll have to decline. I don’t even wanna think about it myself.”

“Heehee.”

Suimei was quite puzzled to see Lefille let out a light laugh with a smile.

He then moved the conversation back to the original topic and away from

talk of his weaknesses that he couldn’t possibly continue for his own

dignity’s sake.

“Well, the people of the imperial capital woke up to the truth, so Liliana

should be fine anyways.”

“Speaking of being fine, I wonder if Reiji-kun and the others are

alright...”

Lefille casually shifted the conversation towards their absent friends.

They were currently planning to stay in the Empire and had parted ways

with Suimei when he left, but...

“Is there something wrong?”

“No, it’s just that they did end up raising a commotion in the imperial

capital. I just have misgivings that they might be put at a disadvantage

because of it.”

Lefille’s concerns were natural. Suimei had Reiji and the others take a

role in resolving the coma incidents—specifically the unreasonable role of

stalling Graziella and company. Things had turned out well in the end, but

taking into account that they got in the way of a military police

investigation and ended up having a scuffle with a princess, it was natural to

worry that they might now find themselves in a precarious situation in the

Empire. However, Suimei, who was responsible for it in the first place,

looked surprisingly unconcerned.

“Suimei-kun?”

“Yeah, that’ll all somehow work out. Before we left, I played my hand

after all.”

“Did you do something?”

“Well, yeah. An eentsy-teensy simple something.”

Suimei was pressing and separating his thumb and index finger on one

hand while flashing a small, crafty smile like a brat playing a prank.

“I see. If you’ve done something, then there isn’t a problem.”

Hearing that Suimei had dealt with it, Lefille’s concerns were cleared

away and she returned a relieved nod to his impish smile. Like that, the two

of them amused themselves as they continued chatting for a while before

Felmenia raised her hand with great urgency.

“Suimei-dono! I have finished writing my answers!”

“Oh, you’re already done?”

Looking at Felmenia’s eager smile, Suimei drew nearer and collected

her test.

“Hmm, hmm... Well, it’s filled in nicely. Liliana, how are you doing?”

“Just... a little more.”

As one would expect, this was still quite difficult for Liliana who only

just started studying magicka. While wrinkling her brow and groaning, she

was laboriously scribbling away. The sight of her trying so hard was rather

charming. Meanwhile, after receiving well over a passing mark from

Suimei, Felmenia flashed a grand smile as she started to appeal to him for

something.

“Suimei-dono! Suimei-dono!”

“What is it?”

“If you think I have done well, then please praise me!”

“Huh? Wha?”

Suimei was completely bewildered, but Felmenia looked rather

expectant. If she had dog ears and a tail, her ears would surely be pointed

straight up and her tail would surely be wagging furiously. As he sidled up

to her like he was about to tease her, something suddenly yanked on the

back of Suimei’s collar vigorously.

“—Gueh!”

An unflattering shriek escaped from Suimei’s mouth. Before he knew

what was happening, Lefille had grabbed the back of his collar and was

gripping it tightly. Even though he hadn’t actually done anything yet... As

Suimei looked at Lefille to imply exactly that, she focused her gaze in

Felmenia’s direction.

“Wh-What are you doing, Lefille?! Are you trying to get in my way?!”

“Yes, that’s right. Lady Felmenia, you’re clinging to Suimei-kun a little

too much.”

“Th-That’s not particularly...”

Felmenia was at a loss for words. Lefille then continued as if pushing in

for an answer.

“You can’t say that you haven’t been. You’ve been sticking to Suimei-

kun at every single opportunity, haven’t you?”

“I-It is not like I particularly have an ulterior motive!”

“Even so, it’s not allowed. I can’t overlook it.”

As they talked, their gazes clashed. Suimei winced as he watched all

this. Felmenia suddenly began waving her hand around in a panic.

“Just what is wrong with it?! When you were small, did you not also

spend a lot of time with Suimei-dono?! Besides, you were having fun with

him all to yourself just now!”

“I-I was just casually talking to Suimei-kun about our plans from here

on out! It was nothing more or less than that!”

“Same for me!”

“I still object! Right now, your wicked thoughts are completely

transparent! Just get away already!”

“I will NOT!”

In the middle of throwing her tantrum, Felmenia made a leap forward.

Naturally, she was diving for Suimei rather than Lefille.

“Menia, what’re you—?!”

“What on earth?!”

Suimei was completely flustered as Felmenia clung to him like an

unrelenting vise.

“Suimei-dono! Please praise me!”

“Lady Felmenia! You can receive praise without having to do this kind

of thing, right?! Stop this disgraceful behavior at once!”

Lefille pulled on the collar she was still holding and tried to tear Suimei

away. On the other hand, Suimei, who was now being yanked on and

climbed on, tried to mediate between the two of them, but...

“C-Calm down! Both of you, just step ba... Bwuh?!”

With Felmenia clinging to him, her bountiful chest was pressing against

him. It was unexpectedly soft and pleasant, and utterly disarming. Once he

became conscious of it, Suimei was completely flustered.

“Wait, this is bad! Hey, Menia! This is really bad! Really, extremely bad,

so get away quickly!”

This situation was bad for Suimei as a teenage boy. However, being

completely ignorant of this, Felmenia looked at him with teary eyes and

sniffled.

“Suimei-donooo! Even you want me to get away?”

“Don’t grumble about it! What’s with you?! L-Lefi, help me out here...”

“If Lady Felmenia is going to resort to this, then I can too...”

“Wha?! Lefille-san?! How did it end up like this?!”

Lefille pressed herself up against Suimei’s back with her hands on his

shoulders. She was completely glued to him. Being assaulted from both the

front and back, the three of them were now all bunched together.

“Wai— Both of you?! This is painful! Painful, I tell you!”

Suimei was no longer able to endure it and yelled out, but the two of

them weren’t listening to him at all as they held on to his body like their

lives depended on it. Discerning that it was useless to try to talk the two of

them down, he quickly resorted to turning to a third party to escape this

crisis.

“Liliana! Save me!”

Suimei earnestly appealed to her, but...

“Suimei, this is what people mean... when they say... ‘If you cut

somebody, you will wet your own body with blood.’”

“What’s with that?!”

“It’s a proverb... from this world.”

Suimei guessed it meant roughly the same thing as getting one’s just

deserts. But that was all Liliana had to say as she otherwise ignored his

plea. She was still focused on her test and didn’t even look at him.