“But Elliot-sama, you don’t seem to be carrying it.”

“That’s correct. When I tried it out, nothing happened at all.”

“That’s why you left it?”

“Indeed.”

Elliot gave a weak smile, and then turned towards Reiji.

“But that does not mean that you shouldn’t go. It did not acknowledge

me, but it very well may acknowledge you, after all.”

“There’s no need to be so humble, Elliot-sama...”

“You cannot deny the possibility. I imagine there’s some special

condition set for its activation.”

Elliot spoke with a rather encouraging tone and look about him. Reiji

was compelled to nod reflexively, such was the persuasive power of his

attitude. He then looked at Elliot with a bit of envy.

“Oh? What is the matter, Reiji? Looking at me like that...”

“No, I was just thinking that you’re really something.”

“I may just be squirming frantically behind it all.”

Reiji was unable to tell if Elliot was being serious or not.

“But... you’re strong, right?”

“Hmm?”

“When you fought against me, you were holding back. And from what

Suimei told me, that time you fought Princess Graziella, you didn’t go all

out either.”

After a long moment of silence, a cold expression flashed across Elliot’s

face as he snorted.

“To be seen through by that man... It gets on my nerves.”

“Then, Elliot-sama, at that time...?!” Christa gasped.

“That’s right. I did not go all out. It wasn’t the time or place. But a loss

is a loss.”

As Elliot gallantly accepted his loss, Christa closed in on him one

forceful step at a time. She looked like she was somewhere between

disbelief and anger.

“Elliot-sama! Why didn’t you give your all?! It would have been fine to

just beat Her Imperial Highness into a pulp!”

She didn’t seem to be able to bear the fact that Elliot had lost in such a

manner, and began stamping her foot in defiance. Mizuki looked at this in

surprise before speaking up.

“Wait a sec, we’re in the imperial castle, you know...? Christa-san,

you’re saying some pretty wild stuff, all things considered...”

“Urk!”

Finally realizing what she had been doing, Christa looked around her

surroundings abruptly. No matter the reason, it would obviously be bad if

someone heard her showing such contempt for the princess, much less on

imperial property. Seeing Christa suddenly fall silent over her blunder,

everyone else giggled a little. But soon after that, Titania regained a serious

expression as she turned to Reiji.

“And so, Reiji-sama, what do you think of going to the self-governed

state?”

“Yeah, let’s try and go. I think it’s better to be greedy about strength

right now. So let’s go and test whether I can use this Sacrament or not.”

“All riiight! Self-governed state of the Saadias Alliance, here we come!”

Reiji revealed a somewhat meek, troubled expression as Mizuki pumped

her fist energetically into the air.

“But... it’s not like we’ll be going right away...”

“What do you mean we’re not— Ah !!”

Mizuki let out a loud, dramatic gasp. She seemed to have finally

remembered exactly why they were in the Empire to begin with.

“Oh? Is there something going on?” Elliot asked, intrigued.

“There are some circumstances, you see, Elliot-sama, but it is nothing

you need to trouble yourself with,” Titania replied in a composed fashion.

“Well, that’s all fine and good. If you are going, however, it would be

better to do so sooner rather than later. The demons will not exactly wait for

you.”

After giving them that warning, Elliot suddenly appeared as though he

remembered something and turned a cynical smile on Reiji.

“At any rate, you also really have it quite rough, I see.”

“What... do you mean by that?”

It was Reiji who’d asked for clarification, but Titania and Mizuki also

stood there with their heads cocked to the side. They had no idea why Elliot

was shrugging his shoulders and shaking his head. He hadn’t given them

enough of a clue to grasp his meaning. But without helping them any

further, he turned away.

“It is nothing. You will understand soon enough. Now, it is about time

we left, Christa.”

“Yes. As you will.”

“Well then, farewell.”

With that, Elliot left the room accompanied by Christa.

“What was that all about?”

“No idea...”

Reiji and Mizuki looked at each other, completely bewildered. But just a

few seconds later, they could hear footsteps outside the door. Perhaps Elliot

had come back, or maybe it was someone else? As they all started to

wonder who it was...

“Excuse me.”

A woman’s voice called to them from the other side of the door. Without

waiting for a response, she rudely opened the door and let herself in. It was

none other than their opponent from the other night, Graziella Filas Rieseld.

Today, she wasn’t wearing her over-the-top military uniform, but normal

clothes. Dressed in such a fashion, however, she hardly looked the part of

an imperial princess. Perhaps this was what she wore casually. Her cleavage

was exposed, but her style was so casual that it did nothing to accentuate

her voluptuousness. Her willful and proud face, however, conveyed a

certain amount of irritation and dissatisfaction. If anything, she looked

sullen. It seemed she appeared because something was bothering her.

Meanwhile, seeing her natural enemy appear, Titania went from her usual

gentle expression to a cold one in an instant.

“Your Imperial Highness Princess Graziella, do you have some sort of

business with us?”

Seeing the state Graziella was in, Titania made no attempts at hiding the

hostility in her tone.

“Don’t glare like that.”

“I don’t believe I am.”

“My goodness, it seems that I am quite hated.”

Graziella was a little tired of the aggression directed at her, but Titania

faced her with a swordsman’s composure as she continued to question her.

“And so, what is your business with us today?”

She more or less already had an idea as to why Graziella was there.

Giving voice to her concerns, Mizuki cut in with an anxious expression.

“C-Could it be about what happened last time...?”

“Hmm? No, that has already been resolved. I have no intention of

bringing it up again after all that. Besides, it would only be contrary to the

Emperor’s decree to continue hounding you about it after my father has

already deemed it irrelevant.”

“I-I see...”

Hearing that her anxieties were unfounded, Mizuki let out a sigh of

relief. It seemed Graziella actually had a surprisingly refreshing personality.

Though she said she’d put the past behind her, she was still holding a slight

grudge over it. Not that she had any intention of mentioning it. Perhaps it

just hadn’t come to that yet... But moving on, she finally gave the answer to

Titania’s previous question.

“And so, in regards to why I’m here, it seems I’ll be troubling you

bastards from today onward.”

“What?”

“Huh?”

“Wh-What does that mean, Your Imperial Highness?!”

Titania yelled with such vigor that she bolted up out of her seat. Without

even asking for consent on the matter, Graziella had made a bold

declaration about their future together. Titania was deeply shaken, and

Graziella answered her with a bitter expression.

“I meant exactly what I said, Your Royal Highness Titania.”

“No, but that...!”

“In short, I’ll be accompanying you bastards on your journey.”

Titania fell back into her chair with great force. It was all she could do.

Reiji and Mizuki also looked rather surprised and doubtful. Graziella then

offered them some candid advice.

“There’s no need for all of you to make such faces. Loosen up. Though

I’ll admit I am also rather reluctant about this matter.”

“Then why...?”

“If I was told to do so by an oracle, then I have no choice in the matter.”

“Wha... Alshuna’s oracle...!”

“So this is what Elliot was talking about...”

Reiji finally understood what he’d meant. Elliot had known this would

happen beforehand, which is why he’d said what he did. He likely predicted

their current bewilderment and was laughing like a little imp right now.

Reiji was unable to stop rubbing his brow, and the girls were unable to

collect themselves as they stared at Graziella.

“There are no objections, I assume?” she asked.

“...Even if there were, we can do naught but obey Alshuna’s oracle.”

Titania’s mental state must have been very complex as she admitted that.

Her face showed she only did so begrudgingly. After giving her a brief

glance, Graziella turned her attention to Reiji and Mizuki.

“And you two?”

“I’m... As long as you don’t squabble, then it’s fine, but...”

Still overwhelmed, Mizuki’s trailed off at the end. Relenting, Reiji

sighed and pulled himself together as he addressed Graziella.

“I have one condition.”

“What’s that? Are you saying that I should spend one night with you or

something? You certainly move fast, don’t you?”

“Th-That’s not it! What made you even think that?! This conversation is

the only thing moving fast!”

Reiji rose to his feet in a fluster and let out a grand shout of protest at

Graziella’s bombshell. Observing his panic without paying it any mind, she

indifferently fanned the flames.

“What? I don’t particularly mind, you know.”

“I mind!”

“Me too!”

Unable to let that slide, Titania and Mizuki both objected instantly. After

making a bored expression, Graziella once more returned her gaze on Reiji.

“So, what’s your damn condition?”

With a quick, tired sigh, Reiji looked at her seriously as he made himself

clear.

“I’d like you to stop calling us bastards.”

“Hmph. Certainly, even if it is only temporary, calling my companions

bastards is quite disrespectful, huh? Fine then.”

She readily accepted his condition without any objection. Reiji was

under the impression she was a haughty woman, but she was unexpectedly

understanding. Much like when she said she’d put the other night behind

her, Reiji was still surprised to discover she had a much more refreshing

personality than he’d thought.

“Well then, Astel’s hero Reiji, Your Royal Highness Titania, and Mizuki,

our guest from another world, I look forward to working with you.”

“L-Likewise...”

They were all taken aback by Graziella’s suddenly humble attitude.

Titania in particular looked especially dumbfounded. Mizuki, on the other

hand, leaked out a completely bewildered question at this most unexpected

development.

“Just what’s going to happen to us...?”

It seemed that their little group had suddenly become quite the

tempestuous combination of people.

★

Suimei’s party arrived in the Alliance’s sovereign state of Miazen with

the intent of visiting Lefille’s acquaintance. On the way there, they’d passed

through two or three other major towns, but being the sovereign state,

Miazen was simply on a different scale in terms of size. The walls

surrounding the city were not particularly high, but its total circumference

was larger than even Filas Philia. Such spaciousness was reflected inside

the city, too. Much like the other towns they’d seen of the Alliance, the

houses were nicely spread out, and nothing felt crammed together or

cramped.

Apart from the standard slew of swordsmen, the city also had a thriving

population of demi-humans. As one would expect of a city known as the