taking a short break from eating as they enjoyed some water while casually

looking around the place. Since it was the middle of the lunch rush, the

restaurant was dreadfully packed with plenty of commotion as people

continued to file in. And Suimei noticed that the energetic customers all

seemed to have something in common.

“As expected of a place called the country of swords, there aren’t many

mages, huh?”

From what he could see, even those who didn’t appear to be warriors

also carried swords at their waists. In comparison, the ratio of mages to

swordsmen in the Empire was much higher. Over there, mages accounted

for somewhere in the neighborhood of five or six out of every ten people,

whereas here, it was only maybe two or three out of ten. After Suimei

commented on this, Lefille and Felmenia both had something to say.

“Compared to other countries, the Alliance has a culture that greatly

respects the blade. Though they weren’t summoned heroes, there is a

history of heroic swordsmen who liberated the lands in this area from the

demons for the sake of the people.”

“To add on to that, the Alliance and the self-governed state treat social

status a little differently than Astel and the Empire do. Rather than town

officials and what have you, it’s swordsmen who are revered and

respected.”

“Ah, so as long as you carry a sword, you receive favorable treatment?”

“No, that’s not quite the case. To declare yourself a swordsman in the

Alliance, you need proper authorization to do so, which requires receiving

permission from the government of one of the five Alliance nations or from

the Twilight Pavilion.”

“So in short, Lefille couldn’t call herself a swordswoman here?”

“That’s how it is. If I did so, it would be unofficially.”

Suimei didn’t see what it would matter to be official or unofficial if you

carried a sword, but Lefille gave him a somewhat self-deprecating smile

when she mentioned it. After that, Liliana took a bite out of a sweet pastry

larger than her own face, pushed it into her cheeks, and began explaining

while slowly chewing it down.

“Even so... in the Alliance... just by carrying a sword... you are given

preferential treatment.”

“How so specifically?”

“Hom... You get priority... Because there are quite a number of

services... available in this country, when there’s a hurry... the public

agencies see you favorably... without asking questions.”

“Well, that’s pretty nice, huh?”

“Hom... That doesn’t mean it applies... to absolutely everyone, though...

Hom, nom...”

Even so, it was really something to be given priority just for carrying a

sword. Once Liliana finished her explanation and began attacking her pastry

with great care again, Lefille cut in to the conversation.

“So taking that into account for how we proceed, shall we go to the

Alliance’s sovereign state of Miazen first?”

“The sovereign state?”

“The guild master of the Twilight Pavilion in the capital city there is an

acquaintance of my father’s. If we rely on them as an intermediary, we

should be able to arrange all sorts of things, including obtaining the

authorization to be called swordsmen.”

“Hom... That... sounds good...”

“I have heard that if you do not have a swordsman as a companion while

in the Alliance, you should hire one. So I also think Lefille’s idea sounds

good.”

“Well then, the investigation will have to wait until after that...” Suimei

replied as he went back to eating his lunch.

It was certainly true that he was anxious to return to his world, but he

wasn’t in such a rush that he would be negligent of other matters for that

sake. If he really wanted to make progress, it was better to have an

assuredly firm foothold in this world. As the group continued to talk and

enjoy their food, a waitress approached their table with a troubled

expression on her face. She was a fair bit older than the other waitresses and

had an exceptional physique. If she were wearing an apron, she would have

looked exactly like an old lady Suimei would have expected to see running

a local eatery back home. She was probably the proprietress of the

establishment.

“Could I bother you for a minute?”

“What’s the matter?”

When Suimei inquired about what she needed, the woman let out a weak

laugh and pointed towards the entrance.

“I’m sorry, but would you mind sharing your table with that gentleman

over there?”

The person standing where the proprietress was pointing was a tall,

dark-skinned man. He was wearing an overcoat to protect himself from

blowing sand, which hid the details of his figure, but his arms that came out

from under the overcoat were sinewy and thick. Suimei could only guess

how well-trained and strong he was. He had long, black hair and a peculiar

embroidered bandana around his forehead. He had a scar running across his

face, but rather than looking dangerous, he had a slender, masculine face

that gave off a somehow sociable impression. He looked a bit embarrassed,

but gave Suimei a pleasant smile. To prevent things from getting awkward,

Lefille replied as the group’s representative.

“Certainly. We don’t mind.”

“Sorry about that...”

The proprietress apologized meekly and then, in a complete one-eighty,

roared to the kitchen to let them know that there was another customer. A

younger waitresses then quickly brought an additional seat and some water.

Suimei scooted over to make room for the man, who quickly settled in.

“Aaah, sorry about butting in right when you all were enjoying your

lunch. But I tell you what, after coming to this town, I knew I had to get

some of the chef’s special here no matter what!”

Slapping the back of his own head, the man let out a hearty laugh. He

gave off a friendly impression despite his imposing physique, and as Suimei

had estimated, was apparently quite a character. He didn’t seem timid in the

least, and his cheerful smile was quite pleasant. But then, unexpectedly, he

let out something of an embarrassed laugh.

“Perhaps I offended you most of all, lad.”

“...Hmm? Me?”

Suimei didn’t understand what he was talking about and cocked his head

to the side accordingly. The man then suddenly put his thick arm around the

back of Suimei’s neck and leaned in like he intended to talk in secret.

“Well, you see, another man just intruded on your meal with these

beauties, you know? Well, one of them is just a wee thing, but talk about a

fifth wheel here, am I right?”

“Huh? N-No, that’s not what I was thinking at all. Besides, these girls

are just my companions...”

The man sat back up and stared in astonishment at Suimei, who was

peddling excuses in a fluster. Unsure why he was being looked at that way,

Suimei raised a puzzled voice.

“What is it?”

“...Nothing. I get it. You’re a virgin, ain’t you?”

“WHAT?!”

“I said you’re a virgin, ain’t you?”

“Wh-What the hell are you asking someone you just met?!”

Suimei bolted up out of his seat as he shouted, and the man was slightly

taken aback by his reaction.

“Aah, sorry, sorry. My honesty is my redeeming feature, you see. I have

a habit of saying exactly what I’m thinking.”

“That kinda honesty is more an annoyance than a virtue— Oh...”

Suimei then realized that he’d indirectly confirmed that he was, in fact, a

virgin.

“Aah, I see. Thought so.”

“That’s bullshit...”

Suimei writhed in agony at the man’s stupidly sympathetic voice. After

expending all his energy yelling, he let out a long sigh and looked around

nervously. Liliana was the one sitting beside him, but he didn’t know if

Liliana was even listening since she seemed to be completely preoccupied

with her pastry. On the other hand, when he looked at Lefille, she avoided

making eye contact. As for Felmenia, she was fixedly staring at Suimei.

“...Suimei-dono is a virgin?”

“I-Is that a bad thing?!”

“Ah, no, not particularly! Not at all! No, certainly... heeheehee...”

Suimei thought she was trying to be nice since she couldn’t stop herself

from giggling. Turning red in the face, he quickly shifted his gaze

elsewhere, but met eyes with Lefille’s when he did.

“Uh...”

“Um...”

All either one of them could manage was a single sound. They both

stiffened up as the atmosphere at the table grew even stranger. Eventually,

as if to put an end to it, Lefille—still pink in the cheeks—cleared her throat.

“No, um, I think it’s a good thing that Suimei-kun is a virgin.”

“What’s so good about it, damn it?”

Still standing up, Suimei hung his head in abject defeat and shock. His

secret (?) had been revealed to everyone, and he was filled with despair

from the embarrassment. Sensing the swift decline in Suimei’s mood,

Felmenia, intending to throw him a lifeline but ultimately just adding oil to

the fire, called on Liliana.

“H-Hey, Lily, you say something to Suimei-dono too.”

It was obvious prolonging this conversation any further would only

drive Suimei deeper into desperation. He should have stopped things then

and there. Liliana then looked towards Suimei and tugged lightly on his

sleeve.

“Suimei... Even if you’re a virgin... it isn’t that embarrassing, you

know?”

“Hrk...”

At her words, Suimei crumbled to his knees. Hearing such an innocent

girl encourage him in such an innocent way had a devastating effect on him.

The one who dealt the final blow to Suimei, however, simply returned to

the conquest of her enormous pastry. All Suimei was left with was the air of

pity swirling over his head.

“...So I’m a virgin, damn it. I don’t have any experience with girls, damn

it. None at all, damn it. What do you want from me, damn it? What’s wrong

with that, damn it? Everyone just goes ‘ooh, ahh, it’s a virgin’ like virgins

are some kind of weird species, damn it. I mean, there aren’t that many

guys my age with experience anyways, so what’s wrong with that?! I’m

living my life the best I can, so don’t screw with meeeeeeeeeee!”

Suimei had tumbled into the abyss of his mind as he began mumbling

darkly to himself. Unable to just watch the pitiful sight unfold, the

instigator of all this—the dark-skinned man—shamelessly tried to cheer

Suimei up.

“Well, um... Cheer up, lad. You’re still young. Things are just getting

started for you.”

“Shut up, you damn ringleader...”

The man faltered a bit when he heard Suimei voice out his resentment.

But then, like he’d suddenly realized something, he clapped his hands

together.

“Oops, I haven’t introduced myself yet, huh? The name’s Gaius Forvan.

I’m a martial arts instructor in Larsheem.”

After Gaius introduced himself, Suimei and the others followed suit.

Felmenia and Liliana gave fake names, while Lefille and Suimei used their

real identities. Though there was one among them who showed no

enthusiasm in doing so, it didn’t really need to be said who that was. To

make up for the awkwardness, Felmenia kept the conversation going.

“Larsheem is a country in the northern part of the Alliance, is it not?

What brings you to this town?”

“I had a job in the area. Right now, I’m in the middle of returning to

Miazen.”

“To Miazen?”

“That’s where I’m currently working out of.”

“Is that so? Our current destination is also Miazen.”

“Me oh my! That’s quite the coincidence.”

Gaius let out a hearty laugh, but quickly stopped smiling and made a

troubled expression as he gripped his jaw.

“But you guys sure are an unusual group, eh?”

“We’re not... foreign spies... or anything.”

Taking a short break from her pastry, Liliana pouted and self-

consciously defended herself. Gaius laughed it off like that hadn’t even

crossed his mind.