“You think? I quite like it. You can hear the sound of forge hammers and

bellows all over the place.”

“I’m sure those are all nice, comforting things to you, but that is not the

case for me.”

With that, Clarissa covered her ears and curled up her tail. The constant

sound of striking metal coming from the smithies must have been far too

noisy for her sensitive therianthrope ears. Witnessing the rare scene of

Clarissa curling up her tail, Jillbert giggled lightly before showing her a

relieved face.

“I’m happy about Lonely Shadow’s daughter, though.”

“...Yes, you are right.”

“Earlier you pretended not to notice her right away, but you were just

playing dumb, weren’t you?”

“Naturally. Please to not underestimate the eyes of a therianthrope.

Though I am honestly relieved to see her somewhat cheerful.”

Hearing Clarissa talk about the girl that way, Jillbert’s happy smile

turned into a wicked one.

“What’s that? Feeling guilty?”

“Like you should be talking. Earlier when you were talking to the

darkness, to Liliana Zandyke, you were trying to atone, weren’t you?”

“Hmph. It was our carelessness that caused her trouble, and in the end,

we didn’t do anything about it. That was the least I could do...”

Jillbert cast her eyes down timidly. Liliana was never meant to go

through the kind of suffering she had during Romeon’s mission. Really,

Clarissa and Jillbert could be appropriately blamed for letting it happen. It

was somewhat convenient to only talk about the sins they were carrying

after all this time, but it was about all they could do. Accordingly, Clarissa

returned Jillbert a knowing nod.

“Certainly. But our worries are perhaps just needless anxiety now.”

“You saying that just because she’s together with that punk?”

“Yes.”

As Clarissa gave a pleasant smile, Jillbert glared back at her like

something had just dawned on her.

“So, why is the Lonely Shadow’s daughter together with that asshole?

Did you do something behind the scenes?”

“No, I did no such thing.”

“Then...?”

“According to the Lonely Shadow, Suimei-sama was the one to strike

down Romeon.”

“Wuh? That guy? That’s a joke, right? That kind of third-rate punk really

did that?”

“Yes.”

Clarissa replied without hesitation. Like she found this absolutely

unbelievable, Jillbert made an enormous frown. A third voice then suddenly

came out of nowhere.

“Oh? You met the human who brought an end to that uproar?”

It was the voice of a young man. Looking around, the girls saw a

dragonnewt standing at the entrance to the vacant plot. His bright green hair

was blowing in the gentle breeze. Behind his ears were two silver horns. He

was wearing white clothing that looked like traditional Japanese attire, and

his arms were hidden within his long sleeves.

“You always just show up out of nowhere, huh? But setting that aside,

you’re late.”

As Jillbert looked at him critically, Eanru cheerfully laughed like he felt

no guilt on that front.

“Aah, sorry, sorry. I had some minor business elsewhere. So, about what

you were just talking about...”

“About that punk?”

“I can confirm what Clarissa said. I’m sure the Lonely Shadow said the

man’s name was Suimei... Or something like that, right?”

“Dragon, is that really true?”

Jillbert narrowed her eyes and looked at him with full attention, and

Eanru nodded back to her.

“If it is as the Lonely Shadow says, then yes. Based on his account, it

seems that man saw through all of Romeon’s spells and called down the

stars from the heavens to defeat him and the darkness covering him. The

Lonely Shadow didn’t give any more detail than that though... It’s a shame I

wasn’t part of your fortunate chance encounter with him.”

After hearing the abridged explanation of what happened, admiration

showed on Jillbert’s face.

“Man... That punk really defeated Romeon when he went berserk, huh?

He sure looks like a total stooge, though.”

“Au contraire, Jill. Even back at the Twilight Pavilion in the Empire,

when Suimei-sama confronted the hero from El Meide, he completely

overwhelmed him.”

“He did that to the hero from El Meide? That hero, if I remember right...

he was quite capable, wasn’t he? Wasn’t there talk of him from the

beginning about fighting and beating up those damn demons?”

Remembering Elliot’s prowess on the battlefield the moment he was

summoned, Jillbert looked at Clarissa like she didn’t believe her at all.

“Oh my, Jill. Are you doubting my eyes?”

“The hero has the divine protection from the summoning ritual, right?

There’s no way there’s anyone with the power to surpass that.”

“Oh? In that case, what does that make us?”

“Exceptions.”

“In that case, it is not that strange for there to be other exceptions,

correct?”

“...”

Jillbert gave Clarissa’s sophistry a disbelieving grimace. Clarissa then

shook her head and continued.

“The mana filling Suimei-sama’s body far exceeds what the hero from

El Meide possesses. Therefore, there is no mistaking the fact that the power

he possess exceeds that of the hero from El Meide.”

Clarissa asserted this with an unwavering gaze. Thinking it sounded a

little like she was praising Suimei, Jillbert suddenly realized something.

“Hey, Clara. Could it be that he’s the guy you were thinking of pulling

in as a companion earlier?”

“Indeed.”

As Clarissa nodded, telling her she was right on the mark, Jillbert

pressed her hand to her face.

“Hey... Really, that punk...?”

“He defeated Romeon after he was taken in by the power of darkness.

Do you have any doubt about his capabilities?”

“That’s... I don’t have any objections there, but...”

“I don’t mind at all as long as he’s strong.”

Eanru was a simpleton, but Jillbert remained unconvinced. Her

expression was still quite grim. She was making a face like something

unpleasant was stuck between her teeth. Seeing her look that way, Clarissa

spoke up once more.

“Jill, do you hate him that much?”

“It’s not really like that, but he gets along well with Lefille. And right

now, he’s taking care of the Lonely Shadow’s daughter, right? If something

happens, I would feel sorry for those guys.”

“Oh my, you are quite kindhearted after all, aren’t you?”

“Th-That’s not really the case...”

As Clarissa smiled and pointed that out, Jill was in a fluster. She banged

on the crate she was sitting on and looked away while turning red. And

then, in a complete one-eighty, she made a restless and doubtful expression

before questioning Clarissa.

“But Clara, why do you want him so badly? To do what we must, just

strength isn’t...”

“I first laid my eyes on him after the matter with El Meide’s hero, but

my recommendation is also based on other factors. Romeon, for example.”

With that as a preface, Clarissa went on to explain her reasoning.

“When Suimei-sama first got involved in that incident, it was to protect

the small Lefille-san from the inexplicable expectations of the Goddess.

And to that end, everything would have been resolved if all he did was

capture the culprit behind the incidents, Liliana Zandyke. But Suimei-sama

was not seduced by the short-term, and didn’t lose sight of his own sense of

justice. He focused on what he should be doing, regardless of the hardships

it would cause him, and saved Liliana, who was also a victim in it all.

Honestly speaking, I was surprised anyone in this world even has that kind

of determination.”

“Well, certainly I do find that quite admirable, but...”

“Are you saying that seriously?”

Clarissa’s chilling tone made Jillbert hesitate. Her cold words implied

Jillbert was missing something.

“Jill, did you not feel it? When Suimei-sama and the others were

walking straight towards us, they all had a gentle appearance. Lefille-san,

Stingray-san, and Liliana Zandyke were all smiling. When I saw the way

they were, it looked dazzling to me.”

“That’s...”

It was in complete contrast with Jillbert’s first impression of Suimei.

And maybe it was that contrast that triggered something in her now. Earlier,

Suimei and the others were walking together while having a pleasant

conversation about trifling matters. It was almost like they were living a

completely normal, peaceful life.

A happy group of friends was a common sight that could be seen

anywhere. But after all the suffering they faced in the Empire, it was

something special with this particular group. Not even Jillbert could deny

that.

Within that circle of smiles, there was a young girl who should have

been tormented by darkness. From what Jillbert had heard, this young girl

had spent each day since she was a child walking further and deeper into

the darkness. No one would have been surprised if it swallowed her whole.

So just how was it she was able to smile like that now?

It was a smile from the heart. One that said she was truly at peace. One

that said she was free of darkness’s grasp. A smile that was proof she had

been saved, you could say.

It was likely that smile was but a single thread of hope in the tangled

web of possible fates buried underneath the darkness. It was safe to assume

that all other threads would have led only to despair. But that man had

struggled to grab hold of that one thread. He won a victory over the

Goddess that could only be called a miracle.

They were completely ignorant of exactly how he’d accomplished such

a feat. But the reason she was so entranced by him was because his figure

as he walked into the sunset appeared more dazzling than the sun itself.

“...But even so, I still don’t think it’s a good fit.”

“Even though you see why I do?”

“It’s precisely because of that, Clara. I understand that that punk doesn’t

operate out in the open. I also get that he’s like us in that he’s different. But

I don’t think he’s the same different we are. He’s too dazzling. If we’re the

darkness of the world, then he’s the light within the darkness. And in the

darkness, he shines even brighter. The light he gives off is spectacular. So

how can you say he’s like us when both of us know better? That punk

should never mix with people like us.”

“That... Certainly may be true.”

The reason Clarissa agreed was likely because she shared the same

premonition. And then, as if pouring water on their little exchange, Eanru

cut in to the conversation.

“There may be no need to worry about it so much, you two. Those who

are strong mesh well together. After meeting with you two and having

defeating Romeon, he may already be rolled up in it all anyway.”

“Don’t say that kinda crap, dragon. You really can’t read the room, can

you?”

“I’m only saying it’s a possibility.”

“That’s what I’m saying is crap.”

“In that case, should I just not talk?”

“Don’t be so dramatic, damn it.”

One of them was dead serious and the other was utterly exasperated.

Clarissa interrupted there to get back to the main matter at hand.

“By the way, Eanru, how is that matter we talked about?”

“Hmm? Aah, now that you mention it, we’ve been ignoring her.”

“Huh?”

“The one right behind me is the hero who was summoned in Thoria.

Crimson Pain brought her along this morning and handed her over to the

Lonely Shadow.”

After a brief explanation, Eanru took a step to the side. As he did, a

woman wearing a loose, light brown robe appeared behind him. It seemed

that she’d been standing there the whole time. Confirming what Eanru said,