“Hero-dono, is there anything troubling you in your daily life?”

Weitzer was seated in a chair across from her and looked quite serious.

Hatsumi, however, responded with laughter.

“Nothing whatsoever. The housemaids all take very good care of me.”

“I’m glad to hear it. However, if anything does come up, please let me

know immediately, Hero-dono. You are a most welcome guest of the state.

There is no need to be shy. Please ask of me anything that you desire.”

“Then I’d like you to stop calling me ‘Hero-dono.’”

“What...?”

Weitzer looked astonished when she said that. He’d apparently never

considered that that would be the first thing she asked for.

“That is... Um...”

Being a hero was a title of great honor, and Weitzer addressed her as

such to show his respect. As royalty, there were very few people that

decorum demanded he treat with such formality, so it meant something to

him to be proper with the nation’s summoned hero. Realizing that she might

have him between a rock and hard place, Hatsumi dropped the subject.

“I understand. The decision is yours.”

“As you wish.”

She gave him a way out, and Weitzer lightly bowed down his head.

Rather than humility, he meant to show his respect. He knew that Hatsumi

had trouble assuming her role as the hero. How could she with practically

no knowledge of who she was? It just didn’t sit well with her. In fact, it was

still bothering her even now.

“Hey, is it really true... that I’m a hero?”

It was a weighty question, but Weitzer didn’t hesitate to answer.

“But of course. Under the supervision of the Church of Salvation, we

held the hero summoning ritual right here on the palace grounds. That was

how you came to us. There is no mistaking it.”

“But still...”

Even if they called her a hero, what did that really mean? She knew that

she’d been called here to defeat the demons, but it all felt oh-so unreal.

Abstract, even. She and Weitzer both were looking for something more

concrete.

“I have heard that the hero summoned by the summoning ritual receives

a divine blessing from the Goddess.”

“But what does that mean? What is it specifically?”

“According to the legends, it is a power that cannot be achieved by

normal means. Surely some of the tales are exaggerated, but there must be

some sort of change you can feel. Something physical.”

“Hmm...”

“Nothing?”

“I mean, it’s not like I can compare how I feel now to how I felt

before...”

“Surely there’s something.”

“If I had to say... I do feel like I can move around better than other

people. I feel like I’m strong.”

With that, she held out her hand like she was asking Weitzer for a

handshake. Taking a hint, he grasped her hand. She squeezed back.

“Th-This is...”

Weitzer looked stunned. And rightfully so—the grip she had on his hand

was unlike anything a girl of her age and size should be able to produce. It

was unquestionably superhuman. And upon realizing that, Weitzer’s eyes

went even wider. This was tangible proof that she was the hero.

“This must be the power of the Goddess’s blessing...”

“Honestly, I have mixed feelings about it.”

“To us, it is a delight worth celebrating.”

Beyond a shadow of a doubt, their hero had come. To the people of this

world, she was like a saint sent from the heavens. It was all quite confusing

to Hatsumi, but she watched as Weitzer knit his brow. It seemed there was

something else on his mind too.

“But for me, personally... I am somewhat disinclined to have you head

to the battlefield.”

“...Yeah.”

It seemed that he was trying to be considerate of Hatsumi in his own

way. But in the end, she could give him no encouragement or hope.

Weitzer’s expression then became rather tense. It was the face he wore

when he was addressing official business.

“Hero-dono, I must apologize for asking, but I would like to have you

visit and observe the soldiers.”

“That’s what you were talking about yesterday, right?”

“Yes. The officers and men who are the pride of our army want to show

off their training to you, Hero-dono.”

Of course, there was more to it than that. Training to show off their skills

to the hero was certainly good motivation for the army, but they wanted to

inspire Hatsumi as well. They were hoping to trigger something in her as

the hero. The demonstration wasn’t the king’s idea, but he was pressured

into arranging it by the people around him—or so Selphy said. However...

They want to show off something like that to a woman...?

It very well may work on a man, but Hatsumi had a hard time imagining

something like a military demonstration would ignite anything within her.

She had no will to fight whatsoever, so perhaps they were just that

desperate. Of course, it was also true that they were just eager to impress

their female hero.

“What about Selphy?”

“She has other business to take care of, so though it may be

presumptuous, I will accompany you today.”

This was unexpected. Normally Selphy was the one accompanied

Hatsumi everywhere.

“Is that alright? You’re a prince, after all. Don’t you have something else

to be doing?”

Hatsumi was concerned she might be keeping him from official duties,

but Weitzer shook his head.

“I’m doing precisely what I should be. It is a great honor to serve as the

hero’s escort. Mind you, I think of it as a pleasure rather than an

obligation.”

Weitzer made every possibly concession to make Hatsumi comfortable

and put her at ease. He had his integrity, both as a prince and a gentleman.

“Thank you, Weitzer.”

“There is no need to thank me. I told you, it is both an honor and a

pleasure. For you, Hero-dono, I would escort you to the ends of the earth.”

“That’s going too far...”

“No, I truly—”

Just as Weitzer began to speak, hurried footsteps could be heard out in

the hallway. They approached swiftly, and stopped just outside the door to

the room.

“I wonder what’s wrong...”

“It is taboo to run in the palace unless it is an emergency. Which

means...”

“Something urgent has happened?”

Weitzer nodded with a grim expression and headed towards the door. By

the time he reached it, there was a knocking coming from the other side. It

sounded like a palace guard. Weitzer opened the door and addressed him

quietly. Their hushed conversation lasted for a few moments, and then the

guard took his leave. Weitzer approached Hatsumi again, and took a knee

before her.

“Hero-dono, I apologize for the suddenness, but I will have to excuse

myself for a moment.”

“Did something happen?”

“No. Nothing that should trouble our hero.”

“...I see.”

Though he spoke of it like it was no big deal, it was quite clear

something had indeed happened. Hatsumi was interested, but she didn’t

really want to pry. She saw Weitzer off, but even after he left, the dark

expression on the guard’s face weighed heavily on her mind. In the end, she

gave in and went after Weitzer herself.

Asking the domestics where the prince had gone, Hatsumi followed after

him. Ultimately, she found herself in front of the castle audience chamber.

She politely acknowledged the guards at the door, but then heard an angry

voice coming from the other side of it. It sounded like someone was yelling,

but because the door to the audience chamber was closed, she couldn’t

make out what they were saying. Whatever it was, however, it didn’t sound

good. She decided to ask one of the guards what was going on.

“What’s this?”

“That is... We cannot really say...”

The guard looked troubled. Realizing that he wasn’t going to answer her

directly, Hatsumi stepped forward.

“Open it,” she said unflinchingly.

“B-But...! Right now is...!”

“Please.”

The guards ended up yielding and obligingly opening the door for her.

As one would expect, mere porters could not refuse a request from the hero.

Realizing the position she’d put them in, Hatsumi apologized, and then

entered the audience chamber. Inside, a dark-skinned, muscular man was

frantically trying to appeal to the king of Miazen.

“While we sit here and do nothing, Larsheem is being assaulted!”

“I understand. But I cannot simply deploy the army immediately just at

your request.”

“I’m begging you!”

The muscular man was antsy and restless like a caged animal—like he

might lunge at any moment. It seemed whatever crisis was at hand had him

extremely on edge. So much so that he even dared to speak disrespectfully

to the king. But perhaps because they understood the dire nature of his

circumstances, nobody present in the audience chamber said anything about

it. Even the king looked sympathetic, but his position demanded that he stay

stern.

“Forvan-dono, I understand your plight, but do calm yourself.”

“Then...?”

It seemed the man was expecting the king to follow up in some way, but

he said nothing more. Undeterred, the muscular man continued to plead his

case. As he and the king talked, Hatsumi looked around the room. Among

the officials and generals present, Hatsumi spotted Selphy and quietly

headed over to her.

“Hatsumi?! What are you doing here?!”

“Weitzer was visiting me, but had to leave suddenly when a guard came

by. It piqued my interest.”

Hatsumi gave her the short of it, and Selphy looked quite taken by

surprise. Before she could get in a word edgewise, Hatsumi asked her about

the current situation.

“So, what’s going on Selphy?”

“...It seems that the demons have invaded Larsheem.”

“The demons...”

To the north of the Alliance was an empty belt of land that was neither

demon nor human territory. The demon army had allegedly shown no signs

of movement after their invasion of Noshias, but now they’d suddenly

shown up in Larsheem, which lay at the northern end of the Alliance.

“It seems they were pretending to be docile when they were actually

moving their troops all the way to the Alliance.”

“And... who is that man?”

“He’s one of the officers from Larsheem. With just the soldiers in

Larsheem and the support they have from neighboring countries, they won’t

make it. Which is why this man came to Miazen seeking aid.”

“It looks like the king isn’t considering his request favorably...”

Selphy returned a nod. The man earnestly pleaded with the king over

and over, but it seemed the king was only placating him. Hatsumi had to

wonder why.

“The Saadias Alliance was formed by the countries in the north to

support each other, no? It’s not just an alliance in name. So is it really

alright not to send help at a time like this?”

“It’s just as you say. In the case that one country of the Alliance falls

into crisis, the others are indeed meant to help. Alas, an army is not

something that can be moved quickly.”

“I see...”

Selphy meant to say that was the real problem here. Larsheem needed

immediate help, but getting a large, organized force there would take some

time. Yet even so, the man still cried for Miazen’s aid. Quite contrary to his

emotional roaring, Weitzer spoke to him in a calm, composed, and rational

manner. But the answer didn’t change. There was nothing that could be

done instantaneously. Nevertheless, it didn’t stop the man from asking—

from trying. He was literally begging them to save his country. And it was a