but not a moment later, he turned a sharp gaze on the prince of Miazen.

Anyone could tell by looking that things were about to get prickly again. If

there were ever a time to get out, this seemed like it. Judging that it was the

perfect opportunity, Rumeya leaped out from the group of remaining

guards.

“Coming through!”

“Who— Ugh!”

She ran in in a flash, swinging her sword to keep Weitzer at bay. As she

expected, he moved back accordingly, and Rumeya then took up a position

at Suimei’s side like she too stood in opposition to the hero and the others.

“You’re no palace guard! Are you that bastard’s companion?!” Weitzer

demanded angrily.

“Gee, I wonder.”

“What?!”

Rumeya shrugged her shoulders as she teased Weitzer. She then turned

her attention to Suimei.

“Hey... Huh?”

He looked back at her in bewilderment, apparently realizing her true

identity. He looked as though he intended to ask what on earth she was

doing in the courtyard, but she cut straight to the matter at hand.

“Step aside, Suimei. I’ll buy you five seconds and not a moment longer.

While I hold them back, you get up on the roof and then pull me up. You

can do that, right?”

“...Got it.”

As Suimei nodded, Weitzer lunged towards them. It seemed he intended

to give them no quarter.

“You think I’ll let you get away with that?!”

With an angry roar, he skillfully lashed out with his sword. It seemed he

was quite worthy of his title as one of the Seven Swords... yet there was

something strange about his attack. He only wielded one sword, but after a

moment, the lines drawn in the air by his blade multiplied as it closed in.

Vertical, horizontal, and diagonal slashes poured in from all directions. A

normal swordsman wouldn’t even have time to kiss their shoulders goodbye

before their head was separated from their torso, but Rumeya was no

ordinary opponent. Not only did she have forty years on Weitzer, she was

also one of the Seven Swords.

“My, what an aggressive attack... Hup! Not so fast! Hyah!”

With lighthearted battle cries like she was having fun, Rumeya carefully

parried each of his strikes. And then, intending to pay him back with exact

change, she returned the same number of blows.

“Ugh! Such an underhanded sword style!”

“I’ll take that as a compliment coming from the man they call the Cloud

of Death. But now it’s my turn... HAAAAAH!”

Unleashing her fighting spirit, the aura about Rumeya changed. She’d

been handling her sword with a great deal of finesse, but she now used her

physical prowess as a therianthrope to launch a single, straightforward

attack. Not even the man known as the Cloud of Death was able to parry

such a powerful, direct blow, but he had to try. His sword drew a blue arc in

the air and landed exactly where Rumeya pictured it would in her mind.

“Ridiculous... Bastard, just who are you?”

Weitzer couldn’t conceal his surprise at having his sword flicked away

by a mere soldier. Unable to believe what he’d just seen with his own eyes,

he looked between his sword—which had been flung some distance away—

and Rumeya in disbelief. But then a voice came from above. Looking up,

he could see Suimei’s silhouette on the roof backlit by the moon.

“I’m pulling you up now.”

“I’m in your hands—literally.”

After giving a casual reply, Rumeya’s body began floating upward. It

was like an invisible rope was pulling her towards the roof.

“Wait!” Weitzer shouted after her.

Rumeya simply pretended not to hear him, and climbed up onto the roof

when she made it. She and Suimei quickly made to leave, but Suimei

stopped and looked back down at Hatsumi in the courtyard.

“Hatsumi, I will come back. But don’t try to kill next time, okay?”

“I...”

“See ya.”

After giving his somewhat concerned farewell, Suimei jumped to the

next rooftop over. Rumeya followed swiftly after. As the two of them were

running along the sloped roof, Suimei glanced over at Rumeya.

“Rumeya-san, you have my gratitude for your assistance... But what are

you doing here?”

“Nothing much. I heard you were going to infiltrate the palace. It

sounded amusing, so I came to watch.”

“...Are you making fun of me?”

“Think of it as babysitting. It wouldn’t sound good to just call it

spectating.”

“But... didn’t you just admit that’s what you were doing?”

Suimei grimaced and sighed in astonishment. He couldn’t help it. This

was just a drop in the bucket of ridiculousness that had been dumped on

him over the years. And Rumeya had caught a glimpse of that tonight.

“Honestly, I thought you’d screwed things up... But to think it was

amnesia...”

“Yeah, I was careless. Not even I expected this.”

“So, what will you do from here? Finding out she doesn’t have her

memories doesn’t give you the answer you wanted, does it? I’d imagine that

would only make you more worried.”

“Yeah. But really, the same as before, the only thing I can do is talk to

her. There’s something else that I’m curious about, though. I’m thinking of

investigating that before coming back here.”

“I don’t think you’ll find it so easy to get in again...”

Rumeya was issuing him a friendly warning, but Suimei seemed to think

nothing of it.

“Probably not. But none of them seem capable of handling a magician,

either. If all they do is increase the guard, then infiltrating again won’t be so

difficult.”

“My, what confidence... Well, after seeing how you fight, I don’t really

have any argument.”

“It’s not like I can really fail at sneaking in here when they don’t have a

single trap in place,” he said, trying to suggest it wasn’t really a matter of

pride. He then quietly added, “My father’s probably rolling in his grave...”

Before exiting the castle grounds, Suimei turned back towards the

courtyard one last time with a longing, regretful look on his face.

“She’s still on your mind, is she? Is she really just a friend of yours?”

“Is that weird?”

“Well, it’s not like I don’t understand a good friendship. But she seems

to be a little more important to you than that. And if she’s not your special

someone, then I have to admit I’m a bit curious as to what she really is to

you.”

Hearing that she was simply curious, Suimei made a complex expression

and decided to explain.

“Hatsumi... is my cousin.”

“So she’s family? I see... Well in that case, it’s normal to worry, huh?”

“Yeah...”

Rumeya watched Suimei. Seeing his downcast expression, he didn’t at

all appear to be the young, energetic boy he was when he first visited her

office. No, there was a shadow behind those sorrowful eyes now. To her, He

looked more like an old soldier who’d lost his hometown. And she wasn’t

too far off the mark; Suimei was indeed staring down the possibility of

never returning home again. But she shook off such dark thoughts and

called out to him once more.

“Hey.”

“Yeah?”

“Aren’t you... living a bit too recklessly?”

Hearing her words, Suimei came to a stop and turned to look at her

directly.

“Not so much so that it’s a problem. If there’s really something I want to

protect, don’t I have to take a few risks here and there?”

“I... suppose you’re right. That was foolish for me of all people to ask,

wasn’t it?”

As she laughed it off, Suimei leaped forward into the darkness.

★

The young man who had intruded in Hatsumi’s room went on to defeat a

large number of soldiers, Gaius, and Selphy. Then an accomplice arrived to

aid him, and the two of them vanished from the palace grounds into the

dark of night.

There was nothing Hatsumi herself could really do after the fact, so she

returned to her bedroom alone. From her window, she could see the

courtyard below, illuminated by sconces and mana lamps. Palace guards

and government officials were restlessly milling about on high alert. The

night’s events were unheard of; never before had half the entire palace

guard been incapacitated by a single intruder. And said intruder still

managed to get away. The entire castle was in chaos in the aftermath.

Hatsumi could hear all kinds of angry shouting and barking from her

window. Nearly the entire guard would have to be called in to make up for

the unconscious men, and there was still the matter of pursuing the intruder.

It would be a long night for anyone who worked in the castle.

After the intruder’s escape, Gaius and Selphy quickly regained

consciousness and received magical treatment. They seemed to be fine; the

only real damage done had been to their pride. The moment he was back on

his feet, Gaius ran off shouting about going to train—despite it being the

middle of the night. As for Selphy, after suffering such a humiliating defeat,

it seemed her self-confidence had been seriously shaken. She spent quite

some time brooding that night.

As for Weitzer, who had escaped the encounter with Suimei unscathed,

he went to report to the king of Miazen on what had happened. The king

was famous for being a gentle man, but as one would expect, an event like

this rattled even him. He severely reprimanded those in charge of palace

security, and gave a strict order for defenses to be fortified.

An hour had now elapsed since the intruder had escaped, but there was

still not a single report of him being found. No one, however, was all that

surprised. For someone who infiltrated the well-guarded palace and handily

defeated both Gaius and Selphy, lying low would be nothing. It was

unlikely the guards would ever find him, and even if they did, capturing

him would be nigh impossible.

Based on what Hatsumi had heard from Weitzer, the young man had

toppled the palace guards without even moving. It was hardly a fight. But...

“A person from the same world...”

That was what stuck out to her the most. The young man who’d come

into her room claimed that they were childhood friends. That inevitably

meant they had to be from the same world. He very well may be someone

from her past, someone who was part of those precious memories that were

lost to her. But she couldn’t tell for sure. She had her doubts, certainly, but

he knew her name and her sword style. He even seemed to know her father.

And most of all, he’d looked at her with such wistful, nostalgic, and sincere

eyes. But still, what if it were all just an act?

“...”

Hatsumi threw herself backwards onto her bed. Honestly speaking, she

couldn’t even remember being summoned very well. When she came to,

she was lying on the same bed she was now. All she knew was that she was

somewhere unfamiliar. As she lay there in a daze, the door to the room

opened. That was when she met Selphy, who immediately explained things.

Apparently Selphy was the one who’d summoned her... from a different

world.

But even after listening to what Selphy said, the fog inside Hatsumi’s

mind wouldn’t clear. Just who was she? What kind of person was she?

Unable to answer even those simple questions about herself, she was at a

complete loss. The only thing that she managed to remember was her own

name. And with only that to cling to, she broke. Weitzer was also present

with Selphy at the time, but she mostly remembered Selphy’s calm,

concerned face.

After that, things were dull for a time. Once she learned she couldn’t

return home, aside from the meals she ate with the royal family or the walks

she took with Selphy, she mostly stayed confined to her room. But then one

day, news of the demons invading reached the palace.

Looking up at the ceiling, Hatsumi recalled that day clearly.

On that morning, Weitzer visited her room. Nothing about that was

unusual. He came to greet her every day. Since he had his own schedule, the

time of his visit wasn’t predetermined, but he showed up particularly early

that day. And he brought with him absurd news. They discussed it at length,

but Hatsumi particularly remembered the conversation they’d had after that.