blessing that her companions were all safe. But if what she suspected was

true, the demons likely hadn’t pursued them very hard. And just as she was

thinking about it, Suimei brought up the same thing.

“But to think only you would come all the way here...”

“It’s probable that their true aim was me alone. That’s why I ended up

here.”

“Huh...?”

Suimei furrowed his brow, trying to read between the lines. Hatsumi

then briefly explained her theory about what had really happened and why.

After quietly listening, Suimei nodded.

“I get it. Because they were only really after you, the others were able to

get away easily.”

“I suspect so. It’s just conjecture based on how things turned out, but if

we think about it that way, their strategy makes sense.”

After walking alongside Suimei for a while, deep within the darkness in

front of them, Hatsumi could see a pale blue light illuminating the trees.

“It’s bright over there...”

It was probably a patch of moonlight coming through the trees. After

Hatsumi quietly pointed it out, Suimei turned his lantern towards it.

“Shall we take a look?”

After Hatsumi agreed, they cut through the underbrush and came upon a

strange area with enormous stones lined up. The woods were filled with

massive darkwood trees, but it seemed they’d been cleared out of this area

specifically. Moonbeams rained down from the gap in the canopy overhead.

Enormous stones lay here and there, worn and chipped from years of

natural wear. Their positions, however, indicated they’d been placed by

human hands.

It looked different from ruins scattered about the Alliance. And bathed in

moonlight, it was almost like the whole thing was being lifted up in the air.

It was like it was all from a different time and place.

“What’s this? Ruins?”

“Looks like it, but...”

As he muttered in response to Hatsumi’s question, Suimei took a closer

look. But he came to a dead stop when he was able to see the center of the

rocks clearly.

“What’s wrong?”

“This is...”

He didn’t answer her. But rather than ignoring her, it seemed like he

hadn’t even heard her. When she looked at his face, he appeared to be

somewhere between surprised and outright stunned. After he carefully

walked around the clearing, he began muttering once more.

“To think it was all the way out here...”

Suimei seemed to come to some sort of strange understanding. There

was a hint of excitement in his voice. As Hatsumi also drew closer and

looked around for herself, she saw exactly what he had.

A magic circle was drawn neatly in the center of the enormous stones. In

the middle of it was a reversed triangular shape. The words inscribed in it

were in the language of this world. And despite being here for what was

probably ages, the paint used to draw it looked like freshly drawn blood.

“Isn’t this... the magic circle for summoning heroes?”

“Yeah. There are a few minor differences between this and the one I saw

in Astel, but there’s no mistaking it.”

“But why is it out here?”

“I told you before that I came here to look for a way back, right? That’s

because I heard that the first hero summoning ritual was performed

somewhere in Alliance territory.”

“So this is the clue you were looking for?”

“Yeah, this was my goal. But really, to think I would find it out here...

To find it at a time like this is really something...”

Suimei let out a hardy laugh and shrugged his shoulders.

“Hey, does that mean that if we use this, we can return to our world?”

“Hmm? ’Fraid not. We can’t return with this thing. This is just a circle

for calling things over. To get back, I need to get a good reading of this bad

boy and make a new teleportation magicka circle based on it.”

“How tedious.”

“Don’t say that. It’s different from sci-fi warp devices and wormholes

and portals and all that, you know.”

Suimei rebuked her while listing off a number of other options that

sounded quite convenient. They were all things Hatsumi felt like she should

know, but didn’t understand. As expected, talking to someone from her own

world was a different experience.

“So, sorry, but you’re gonna have to wait a bit.”

“What? Y-You mean you’re going to take a look now?!”

“I’ll be quick. I’ll just transcribe the circle and examine it in a jiffy.”

The young mage eagerly approached the object of his curiosity. She had

no idea what he was thinking, considering demons could set upon them at

any time. He then started to gather his mana. Unlike when he turned on the

lantern, this was being released in the open.

“Seriously? The demons will notice...”

“Maybe.”

“Maybe?”

Suimei didn’t pay her any mind and simply continued to ooh and aah

over the circle as he cast his spell.

“Wait, that’s not it, right?! You’re not going out of your way to get their

attention, are you?!”

“No, I just don’t really care.”

“How can you say that so calmly?! Do you understand the situation

we’re in right now?! Do you really and truly understand?!”

“What’re you getting pissed about? Calm down. It’s fine. It’s not like I

don’t get it.”

“Wha... What?”

His reaction was so casual that Hatsumi was completely thrown off.

Suimei then turned to her with a troubled expression as he scratched his

head. He sighed like he was resigning himself to something and the air

around him suddenly turned cold like it had that night at the palace.

Hatsumi unconsciously held her breath, and then Suimei’s eyes shined red.

“You said earlier that you were entrapped by the demons, right? That the

demons were only after you because you’re the hero, and that that was their

plan all along.”

“Th-That’s what I’m thinking... Why do you ask?”

“If they went out of their way to plan something like that, the goal

would have been to take you out once you were isolated. So I find it hard to

believe that they’d only send small fries after you. To make sure things are

taken care of, they’d send a demon general.”

“That’s...”

Hatsumi had had the same thought. She’d defeated a demon general on

her own already, so it would take a demon at least as powerful to even

challenge her. So just as Suimei said, it was inevitable they’d send a general

after her.

“But what does that have to do with getting us noticed?”

“Well, just listen. I’m saying a demon general is currently in the middle

of looking for you. There’s an eight or nine chance out of ten it’s the same

guy who set this trap up in the first place... So we have two options from

here: run away, or stay and fight.” Suimei paused there a moment before

continuing. “It may be fine for you not to defeat said demon general yet. It’s

a valid choice to run away now and gamble on encountering him again after

you rally. But, personally speaking, I have a good reason to take him out

here and now.”

“Wh-Why is that?”

“It’s not out of the realm of possibilities that said demon general will

trap you in another scheme next time. And there’s no guarantee I’ll be

around then. So, as far as I’m concerned, this guy’s gotta go.”

In spite of his casual and slightly joking tone, his words were earnest

and passionate. Hatsumi felt like his shining red eyes were telling her that

he meant to protect her.

“That’s the reason we’re not running away in a hurry. Do you think I’m

being imprudent?”

“N-No... I understand.”

Expecting that they might meet gazes at any moment, Hatsumi quickly

looked down. She couldn’t look him in the eye right now. If she looked

directly into those eyes shining with determination, she thought her heart

would be seized in an instant.

The reason she avoided him so was ultimately because of her amnesia.

She didn’t know what kind of feelings she’d held for this man before, or

whether it was okay for her heart to be seized by him. She spent a quiet

moment pondering such things. But after speaking of his resolve, Suimei

returned to his investigation. Hatsumi watched him from behind.

Just like when he infiltrated the palace, he’d come for her sake. He

wasn’t looking for any compensation. He demanded nothing. All as if it was

the completely natural thing for him to do. It left her with one resounding

question.

“...Why?”

“...?”

“Why do you go so far for me?”

“Didn’t I tell you already? You’re family. That’s why...”

“I get that. I know that we’re cousins, but is that really the only reason?”

“The only reason...?”

“I’m saying, are you and me...”

Just as she was about to ask, the leaves and branches in the forest

suddenly began rustling. They both could feel the very air around them get

prickly. From a distance, they could hear the sound of footsteps and

flapping wings, and they could sense an eerie presence.

“So they showed up...”

It was exactly as he said. The demons had been completely lured in by

the bait he spread by scattering around his mana. As the rustling of the

forest suddenly came to a stop, the repulsive figures of demons appeared

between the trees. Perhaps because of the ruins, none of them showed up

from the rear, but they still had Suimei and Hatsumi half-surrounded.

“...”

Hatsumi silently took a stance. As she took a fleeting glimpse to the

side, Suimei was standing next to her with his hands in the pockets of his

slacks. The demons were showing no signs they were about to attack.

Normally, the moment they found a human, they would lunge in

immediately. But these were only baring their fangs and hostility. They

were like dogs awaiting permission to dig into a meal.

Before long, something wearing a black robe with golden embroidery on

the fringes stepped out in the middle of the line of demons. Its figure made

it look human at first glance, but the robe it was wearing concealed nothing

but a pitch black haze. This was no human.

But unlike the other demons, it didn’t give off the impression it was

waiting for anything. In fact, this was who the other demons seemed

beholden to. It was likely this was the demon general. Its red eyes shined

like fire in the darkness. Having anticipated its arrival, Suimei questioned it

in a somewhat listless tone.

“So... you a demon general?”

In response to his question, a voice came out of the unsettling black robe

that was floating in the air.

“I am called Vuishta, and I have been entrusted with one of the seven

demon armies. It is a pleasure to meet you, hero who has received blessings

from the wretched Goddess.”

He spoke in a haughty tone, really only taunting and belittling Hatsumi.

But nevertheless, he seemed to have absolute faith in his own words.

“The one next to you does not seem to have any of the characteristics of

the people described in the reports, but are you one of the hero’s

companions?”

“Nope. I’m a relative.”

“...”

The demon general—Vuishta—must have found this to be a completely

incomprehensible reply. And he was rightfully confused after hearing

someone claiming to be a relative of a hero summoned from another world.

It made no sense. Suddenly, Vuishta began laughing.

“I received a report that we had lost sight of you and panicked a little,

but you really saved us the trouble of searching for you. After all, as if to

announce that you were here, you have been scattering such obvious mana.”

“So using my powers turned out to be fruitful, huh? Well, that’s good.

How about you give me a reward for the trouble?”

“Yes, of course. I will compensate you with blood. Heh heh heh...”

Vuishta let out an eerie laugh, but in complete contrast, Suimei was

completely silent. Hatsumi then turned to him to criticize him.

“Just why are you going along with this?”