Thusly, what I hear you say doesn’t match the movement of your lips. But

that wasn’t the case with him, which can only mean that we speak the same

language.”

“I see. In other words, that bandit... Forgive me, that man. If he truly

speaks a language from your world, that certainly does seem to corroborate

his story.”

“In addition, he could tell me a great many things about myself. It seems

that he knows me quite well.”

“Hmm...”

The king was known for smiling, no matter the situation. But right now,

he was making a face like he’d just swallowed something very bitter. It was

most unusual for him, but he wasn’t the only one affected by the situation.

Weitzer cut into the conversation with a markedly perturbed attitude.

“I-Is there no mistaking it?”

“Beyond a shadow of a doubt. There’s far more reason for me to believe

him than not.”

Hearing Hatsumi say that, Weitzer looked completely dumbfounded.

The king, on the other hand, looked deathly serious.

“Nevertheless, this friend of yours has committed the grave crime of

infiltrating the palace. I have no desire to charge a friend of yours with such

a crime... but there is nothing that can be done about it.”

“He claims he had no choice but to do so. He said that there was no way

to arrange an official meeting with me. Is that correct?”

Hatsumi’s tone was surprisingly somewhat reproachful. The king

winced to hear it, perhaps because he hadn’t expected her to bring up such a

thing.

“Y-Yes, that was a measure taken for your protection. We believed that

unwanted visitors would only be a burden on you without your memories.”

The king was clearly agitated, and it only sounded to Hatsumi like he

was making excuses. Perhaps this had something to do with what Suimei

was trying to say the previous night. As Hatsumi contemplated this

internally, she continued to push her point.

“Then might we agree to write off the offense?”

“I understand why you’re asking, but I have my duties as king to

consider... Allowing the palace to be infiltrated does not sit well with me.”

Hatsumi could tell that the king was reluctant to agree with her. But she

couldn’t stand to see Suimei branded a criminal just for risking his life to

come see her. As such, she changed her approach and spoke to the king

rather bluntly.

“I understand, Your Majesty. But if that is the case, I have a message for

you. Just before he left, he bid me to relay the following words to you: ‘If

you’re planning to continue messing with me, whoever you send at me—be

it ten or twenty thousand men—better come prepared to be annihilated.’ In

this situation where we need to be rallying against the demons, I don’t

believe you have the leisure to lose your soldiers over such foolishness.”

“My...”

At some point, Hatsumi’s matter-of-fact words had taken on a more

threatening tone. The king hesitated to reply. Suimei’s message was quite

haughty, but the king knew of the hero’s strength. Even if Suimei didn’t

have the hero’s blessing, if he was from Hatsumi’s world, he had to be quite

strong. It gave him great pause. Weitzer, however, was incensed.

“Ten or twenty thousand? What a boastful claim...”

Though he hadn’t fought him personally, Weitzer had seen Suimei’s

power for himself. He knew he was strong, certainly, but not indomitably

so. He saw Gaius and Selphy defeated at his hands, but they’d both let their

guards down. It wasn’t like they’d put the full extent of their power to use,

though the same thing could be said of Suimei, who was just trying to leave

peacefully.

“I don’t think it was all boasting, Weitzer,” clarified Hatsumi. “The

palace guards couldn’t even stand against him. Selphy and Gaius, you both

recognize him as a formidable foe, no?”

“You bet he is. Even if I underestimated him, I still got taken out in a

single blow,” Gaius said with a bitter snort.

“He... is indeed formidable. I don’t feel like I could ever win against that

young man, no matter how many times we fought against him,” Selphy

answered quietly.

Suimei had dealt quite a blow to both of their self-confidence. It was a

unique feeling that only someone who’d actually faced him in combat could

understand. And after they weighed in their opinions, Hatsumi turned back

to the king, who currently looked rather bewildered.

“And so, to prevent any unnecessary loss, Your Majesty, I don’t believe

there is any other choice. Will you not reconsider?”

“But you know, Hero-dono...”

Seeing that the king was still pushing back, Hatsumi grew impatient and

took on a frank attitude.

“Then let’s do this. If you plan on causing him harm, I will take his

side.”

“Wha?!”

“That man braved great danger just to check on me. It is only proper and

just that I do the same to defend him, you see.”

“V-Very well... I will comply. As you say, Hero-dono, it is only

proper...”

Her intimidating bluff worked perfectly. The king grimaced painfully

before continuing.

“So, did he come to Miazen to meet with you, Hero-dono?”

“No, he said that he originally came here to look for a means to return to

his own world. It’s likely he only realized I was here after arriving in

Miazen.”

“A means to return?”

“Yes. I don’t know the full details, but he said that if I went with him,

we would be able to return the moment he found it. From the way he spoke,

I believe he may yet actually find a way.”

Hatsumi conveyed the impression she got from their conversation the

other day. Magic was outside of her area of expertise, so she had no grasp

on his abilities. But based on his confidence, she certainly believed it was

something he could pull off. Hearing this, the king revealed a far more

anxious expression than before and leaned forward to ask his next question.

This seemed to be a matter of grave importance not just to him, but to the

entire country.

“Hero-dono, is that really true?! If it is, how did you reply?!”

Sweat was forming on his brow, and his face only continued to tense as

he waited for her reply. Everyone else in the gazebo stood there with bated

breath. Gaius, however, eventually lost his patience and came stomping

over.

“Hey, you’re not gonna say you’re going with him, are you?!”

“No, I’m not. Didn’t I say earlier that I intended to defeat the demons?”

With those words, the frozen atmosphere in the gazebo thawed out

instantly. Everyone was relieved to hear her reply.

“Do not scare us like that. It is bad for my heart.”

“Sorry.”

Taking a look at everyone’s faces, Hatsumi apologized for alarming

them. After they all calmed down, however, she got the conversation back

on track and made her full intentions clear.

“But once the demons are vanquished, I’m thinking of returning to my

own world.”

It wasn’t something she’d thought she’d get to do. But if there was a

way, it was an opportunity anyone in her shoes would take. Selphy and

Gaius both looked deeply unsettled as they stared at Hatsumi. While

everyone was at a loss for words, Weitzer spoke up.

“H-Hero-dono, are you seriously...”

“Yes. I’m told that I have a family waiting for me—a place where my

memories are.”

“But...”

“Sorry. I feel badly after you’ve all treated me so well, but I can’t stay

like this. I’m sure my family is quite worried...”

That’s why she needed to go home. Seeing how profoundly this news

shook Weitzer, Hatsumi smiled at him within her heart. She then turned to

her other companions who had yet to speak.

“What do you two think?”

“As far as I’m concerned, if that’s what you want, then...”

“That’s all up to you. Personally, I’ll be lonely, but what are you gonna

do?”

“Yeah...”

Selphy was hesitant to say anything, but not Gaius. He gave an honest

and sympathetic answer, though he did seem quite a bit more sullen and

serious than usual. He wasn’t quite as bad off as Weitzer, who was still

standing there with a bitter and flustered look on his face. Hatsumi was a

little worried about how pale the king had gotten, but she imagined he felt

much the same way.

Nobody said anything after that. An awkward silence swept over the

gazebo that lasted until a soldier suddenly came rushing into the garden. It

wasn’t a palace guard, however. Based on his clothing, he looked to be a

soldier from Larsheem. The way he tripped over his own legs as he ran

across the lawn was borderline slapstick, but it was just a testament to how

frantic he was. The palace guards running with him helped him along, and

he eventually made it over to the gazebo. He looked exhausted.

“What is it, man?! What’s wrong?!”

“Sir!”

The soldier saluted Gaius with gusto, then threw himself down on his

knees.

“I have a report to make to His Majesty posthaste!”

“What has you so panicked?” the king asked. “I will caution you that

you stand before the hero.”

“M-My apologies, sire!”

The soldier apologetically bowed his head. Satisfied, the king returned

to the matter at hand.

“So, what has happened? Seeing the state you are in, I cannot imagine it

is anything trivial.”

Everyone could already tell something serious was afoot. Tension

mounted in the air as they waited for the out of breath soldier to answer.

“The demon invasion has begun anew!”

And so Hatsumi’s brief respite came to an end.

★

Currently, the occupied demon territory was butted right up against

Gaius’s homeland, Larsheem. There was originally a band of barren

borderland between the two, but the demons had seized most of it when

they first advanced on the Alliance. There was a slew of simple fortresses in

the area, all leftover from the days of the first demon invasion ages ago.

Hatsumi and the others had pushed back the demon army enough that

those fortresses now served as the front line, and that was exactly where

they were headed. It was a four day trip by foot, but Hatsumi and her

companions rode out in front of the others with a small group of

reinforcements and made it there with astounding speed.

In the area of the main fortress, soldiers were hurriedly moving supplies

into tents. Preparing for a decisive, large-scale battle, men from each of the

Alliance nations were all restlessly moving around. Seeing this all from

horseback as they approached, Hatsumi and the others stopped and

dismounted in front of a particular tent.

Inside were generals representing each of the Alliance armies, and staff

officers who were in the midst of discussing strategy for the upcoming

battle. Hatsumi knew them all from their previous battles. They were

expecting her as well, so none of them were surprised at the hero’s arrival.

As a hero, Hatsumi took the seat of honor at the table, with Weitzer next

to her. As the one who’d summoned her, Selphy took her place standing

behind Hatsumi. After everyone was seated, Weitzer questioned the staff

officers of Miazen’s army.

“What is the current situation?”

“Currently, Your Highness, the armies of Larsheem and Miazen are

forming the linchpin with soldiers deployed on both flanks. We believe the

demon army intends to attack head-on, and we have men in position to face

them with layered defenses.”

“What about the fortresses?”

“The northwest, north-northwest, north, and north-northeast fortresses

are under attack. Reinforcements are moving there now and are fighting

bravely, but the attack on the north-northeast fortress seems to be

particularly severe. The situation is grave.”

Gaius let out a groan upon hearing the staff officer’s anxious report.

“I thought we left plenty of forces there...”

“The number of demons far exceeds the number of deployed soldiers.

That’s why we decided to strategically send reinforcements to critical areas.