one that defied logic.

“The Kuchiba school of the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani.

Even with amnesia, you didn’t forget your sword style, right?” Suimei

asked, wiping away the unpleasant sweat forming on his brow.

“You know of it?” Hatsumi asked in turn, looking surprised.

“Like I said, I am your childhood friend...”

“I don’t believe that.”

“Why not?”

“If it were true, why did you come in that way? Couldn’t you have just

gone through the front door?”

“Nope. I had to do this precisely because that wasn’t an option.”

“Hmph. Does that mean you have something to hide?”

“Now you’re just splitting hairs...”

Suimei spoke in exasperation. The guards and soldiers were one thing,

but he hadn’t expected he’d need to defend himself to his childhood friend.

“Then can you prove it? It certainly looks like you know about my

sword style, but it’s possible you figured that out using some kind of spell

like the mages and demons. So that alone isn’t proof that you’re my

childhood friend.”

“Ugh...”

He couldn’t argue there. He had no other definitive proof capable of

convincing her immediately either. He did have a picture he’d taken of her

with her family on his phone, but his battery was long since dead. That

wouldn’t work. He could still take her with him by force, but it wasn’t like

that would bring her memories back. There would also be a huge

commotion if the hero were abducted.

While Suimei was racking his brain trying to come up with an

alternative solution, he heard violent footsteps racing down the hall outside.

Someone had sensed something. Before Suimei could even use his

magicka, a woman’s voice was coming from other side of the door.

“Hatsumi?! Is something wrong?!” the stranger called.

“Ah, Selphy! It’s an intruder!” Hatsumi shouted back.

“Are you talking about me?!” Suimei demanded.

“Who else?!” she roared.

And with those words came a flash of her blade. Suimei jumped back

towards the window to dodge it. The tip of her long blade then changed its

trajectory at a right angle, and her slash became a thrust. The blade, made

from corroded silver, sliced through the air with a sharp whistling sound.

The tip of it was reaching out for Suimei’s stomach. He just barely managed

to dodge it and escape deeper into the room.

“Are you trying to kill me?!”

“Just skewer you a bit. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to avoid your vitals.”

“Don’t tell me not to worry, damn it! That’s still freakin’ dangerous!”

Immediately following their brief exchange, the door opened with a

bang. The person who came in, presumably the woman who’d called out to

Hatsumi a minute ago, was dressed in a green robe. Suimei recognized her

as the mage who was standing atop one of the festival floats during the

parade.

“Hatsumi! Are you safe?”

“Yes, we’ve just got an intruder on our hands... But you’re outnumbered

now, you see. Just give up already.”

“Indeed. I don’t know who you are or how you infiltrated the palace, but

there’s no escape for you now.”

It was true. The mage woman had the door covered, and the window

was now well within the range of Hatsumi’s blade. Even where he was

standing was dangerous. Hatsumi could probably hit anywhere in the room

with her skills. Which meant...

“If there’s no way to escape, then I just have to make one!”

Gathering mana in his fist, Suimei lashed out at the wall and invoked his

magicka. His fist let out a powerful shockwave as he thrust it forward, a

ripple of etheric. And when his fist met the wall, a section of it was blown

outward and reduced to rubble.

Suimei could hear cursing and groaning behind him. The two women

had likely been forced to give their undivided attention to protecting

themselves from the shockwave. Using that opportunity, Suimei threw

himself through the hole in the wall he’d created. The building was four

stories tall, and they were on the fourth floor right now. But to a magician,

such a meager height was nothing to be concerned about. A fall like that

was but a trifle.

In the dead of the night, Suimei could hear the sound of the wind

rushing up to meet him as the ground drew imminently nearer. Suimei

landed safely with his magicka and began to take off... but for some reason,

he could hear the voice of the woman Hatsumi had called Selphy ringing in

his ear.

“An intruder has appeared in the palace—a young man with black hair

wearing green clothing. After breaking into the hero’s room, he’s now

trying to escape through the courtyard. All guards are to report there. I

repeat...”

It was a simple alarm. The robed woman was a mage, and seemed to

specialize in wind magic. The wind was carrying her voice to every nook

and cranny of the palace. And thanks to that, Suimei could immediately

hear footsteps coming his way. He ran over to the edge of the courtyard, but

there were suddenly soldiers swarming from every direction.

“I found him! Over there!”

“Spread out and surround him! We cannot let a ruffian who snuck into

the palace escape!”

“Tch... They sure came out in force.”

He must have picked a bad place to land. There was nowhere to hide in

the courtyard, and there was quite some distance between him and the next

building. After being surrounded by the soldiers, Suimei heard a familiar

voice from the back of the group.

“Huh? Aren’t you that spindly lad from the other day?!”

The surprised man addressing him was the jovial man he’d met at the

restaurant back in Grafille, Gaius Forvan. With his back pressed up against

the courtyard wall, Suimei replied in a lighthearted tone as if nothing were

wrong.

“Aah, we meet again, geezer. Long time no see.”

“It hasn’t been that long and I ain’t no geezer, damn it! What’s going on

here, lad? Are you the intruder?”

“It’s complicated. Like, I’m in this deeper than the Mariana Trench

complicated.”

“You playing dumb? I’ll give you a whooping if you are, you know?”

“By the looks of it, I think someone else is probably gonna cut me down

before you get that far.”

Suimei could see the surrounding soldiers’ eyes glinting just like their

drawn swords. They all seemed to be quite offended that he infiltrated not

just the palace, but the hero’s room. Before long, one more person arrived.

The crowd of soldiers parted, and another one of Hatsumi’s companions

emerged. If Suimei remembered right from the parade, he was Miazen’s

prince, Weitzer Ryerzen.

“Gaius, do you know this man?” he asked, a calm and composed air

about him.

“Not well. He’s just some lad I shared a table with at a restaurant,”

Gaius responded nonchalantly.

“I see.”

After confirming that much, Weitzer drew his sword and turned his

attention to Suimei.

“Not only did you perform the foolish act of trespassing in Calnus

Palace, scoundrel, you dared to set foot in the hero’s bedroom. You

understand what will happen to you, correct?”

Suimei met Weitzer’s quiet, yet overpowering voice with a grand sigh.

“Just so you know, I only came here to see an old friend of mine.”

“A friend, you say?”

“I mean Hatsumi. Though it seems she doesn’t recognize me at all

thanks to the whole amnesia thing...”

“...”

“What nonsense. The hero was summoned from another world. She has

no ‘old friends’ here.”

Gaius knit his brow and looked at Suimei curiously while Weitzer boldly

declared Suimei a liar. Seeing their reactions, Suimei hung his head in

defeat.

“Well, the prince is right, ain’t he?”

The sound of Gaius cracking his knuckles reverberated through the air.

“Well, whatever the case, seems like we got a whole lotta questions for

you, lad. Just be a good boy and be obedient for now.”

“This isn’t really the kind of situation where you guys are going to go

easy on me just because I behave myself now...”

“Naturally. There’s no need to show an intruder like you mercy. Just be

grateful that we didn’t dice you to pieces on sight.”

Gaius was speaking to Suimei in a rather friendly fashion, but Weitzer’s

tone was as sharp as his blade. The other soldiers still looked ready for a

fight, too. To escape, Suimei would have to get past them, as well as Gaius

and Weitzer.

“You guys aren’t gonna give me a choice about this, are you...?”

Suimei lamented the situation with a long, fraught sigh. And then, in

spite of the courtyard being in direct moonlight, his figure sank into the

shadows.

★

Meanwhile, the guild master of the Twilight Pavilion’s Miazen branch,

Rumeya, was also at the palace. Hearing that Suimei was planning on

infiltrating to make contact with the Alliance’s hero, she thought she’d take

the opportunity to do a little snooping herself.

Of course, her reason for doing so could be summed up simply with “it

sounded like fun.” She had her position to consider, but being a

therianthrope, she was something of a pleasure-seeker by nature. She just

couldn’t resist the idea of adventure when it came knocking. Normally, due

to her fox ears and seven tails, she stood out quite a bit. But right now, she

was impersonating a palace guard with the transformation techniques

passed down by the golden fox clan.

She’d lost sight of Suimei in a corridor not too long after entering the

palace, but she’d just now heard a voice on the wind proclaiming the

presence of an intruder. As the message echoed through the palace grounds,

guards carrying lamps began rushing towards the courtyard with a flurry of

angry shouting.

“...Good grief, did that boy blow it?”

Rumeya grimaced. Suimei used magic from another world and seemed

to possess a considerable amount of power, so she’d thought she had

nothing to worry about. Apparently that was careless to assume.

This’ll get ugly if I don’t go to save him...

Lefille had told Rumeya all about Suimei’s true strength. It was

impressive, but so were the palace guards. There were also the hero’s

companions around. Even being a mage from another world, Suimei would

likely end up caught. But since he was Lefille’s benefactor, Rumeya

couldn’t just abandon him. She let out a sigh like she considered this all

quite troublesome, and began heading for the courtyard herself when she

suddenly noticed something strange.

“...?”

It had suddenly gotten darker. She reflexively looked up overhead as a

few clouds began to float by in front of the moon. Perhaps they were the

cause... Or at least part of it. The moon still wasn’t completely covered, so

Rumeya didn’t think that was the only factor at play.

But Rumeya knew she didn’t have time to stand around contemplating

the odd darkness, so she shook off such thoughts and continued towards the

courtyard. Suimei was there, surrounded by Gaius Forvan, Weitzer Ryerzen,

and a mob of palace guards. All the actors were in place. Suimei had his

back up against a wall, and it seemed the play was just about to reach its

climax.

“Goodness me... Isn’t this just the worst case scenario?”

After slipping into the mob and blending in with the guards, she

grimaced at the scene unfolding in front of her. Things would have been

better if Suimei were on the run, but corned like so, she didn’t think he’d be

walking away from this unharmed. More guards were still steadily

gathering, and they had now formed an impenetrable semi-circle around

Suimei.

Escaping would no longer be a simple matter. That mysterious mage

from the self-governed state—the one they called the Snowstorm—was

probably also around here somewhere too. Would she burst onto the scene

while the guards tried to capture Suimei? No. Contrary to all of Rumeya’s

expectations, this wasn’t the end of the play, but the start of the second act.

The palace guards charged in to detain Suimei, but he only shrugged his