After separating from her companions at the fortress, Hatsumi wasn’t

quite sure just where she had run to. Since she was within a forest, it was

probable that she had entered territory that was under the demons’ sphere of

influence.

She had been running, cutting down the demons in front of her as well

as the ones who were pursuing her hot on her heels. It was like they were

popping up at every turn, so she just kept running. And before she knew it,

it started to get dark and her visibility dropped dramatically.

This evening, there should have been a crescent moon in the sky. But

likely because of the tree cover overhead, it seemed far darker than it

should. It was nearly pitch black in the woods. The deep blue and dark grey

leaves hung from the branches overhead, and the bark of the darkwood trees

made it look like they’d been painted with a coat of pure night. Despite

there being a fair amount of space between trees, the darkness gave the

impression the forest was much denser than it was.

Because Hatsumi had seen a map of the region before, she was at least

aware of the general area she was in. But it seemed she’d headed in the

opposite direction of Alliance territory, meaning it might be difficult to

escape the demons’ lands even if she found her way out of the forest.

Thinking back on it, it was like the demons had specifically targeted her.

They persistently hounded her and drove her this way, which meant...

“This was their aim from the very beginning...”

Everything that happened was all their scheme. She’d thought it was a

plan to attract and disperse Alliance troops, but in truth, they were only

aiming for the hero’s life. Nothing else was important.

If a human stronghold was floundering, the hero would no doubt come

to save them. Because the hero could do the work of several units, sending

her was a simple and efficient solution. But the demons used that against

them. That was exactly what they wanted.

First, they kept the main Alliance army busy by preparing a large force

of similar scale in plain view and sending detachments to attack other

fortresses. Said detachments were intentionally insufficient to actually take

the fortresses, except for the one where they meant to lure the hero.

Everything was lying in wait there. The moment the hero sortied from the

fortress, the demons came out in force.

Hatsumi knew from the beginning that something must be going on.

That’s why they’d prepared a sufficient amount of forces and gathered

careful intelligence. They just hadn’t been able to deduce what the demons’

real goal was, and that was a fatal error. They’d mistakenly assumed the

demons were plotting to go after the Alliance’s main army, leaving them

unprepared for a trap like this.

Using an obvious plan as a decoy, they’d specifically targeted the hero.

They’d known that by creating a dire situation at one of the fortresses, the

humans had two options: either send reinforcements or abandon it. Sending

even a large number of reinforcements seemed pointless against the number

of demons plaguing it, but there was no way she could simply abandon her

allies. That left them with no recourse but to send the hero herself. It was

too bad she was only realizing this now.

“I see...”

After discerning the truth behind it all, she suddenly lost strength in her

body. Just like that, she crouched down at the base of a tree. And then, like

she was embracing herself, she curled up into a small ball. Her judgment

may have been clouded by her victories up until now. Because she’d never

lost to the demons, she never questioned that she could keep fighting. She

was aware that there were demons who could come up with strategies, and

she’d been careful about that.

No, even if she thought she’d been careful, it turned out that wasn’t the

case. Being blind to the truth was no different from being ignorant of it. Her

foresight was shallow. Battles couldn’t be won on strength alone.

“‘Come with me,’ huh...?”

Suddenly, she recalled what Yakagi Suimei had said to her on that

evening. With things as they were, she began wondering if it would have

been better to have just taken his hand honestly at the time. Without making

a show of courage, if she had just taken her responsibilities as hero and the

pangs of guilt she felt from walking away from the fight and just cast them

to the wind, she probably wouldn’t be alone and scared like this.

“There’s no reason why you have to fight them, right?”

Just as Suimei had said, she was summoned here against her will. On top

of that, she had lost her memory. She had no real reason to fight here.

Contemplating all this, Hatsumi shook her head vigorously. She was just

making excuses. She’d swung her sword of her own free will and acted

completely on her own, so what was there to gain by acting uninvolved

now? She would simply have to live with the consequences of her own

actions.

“...”

However, even so, the pain in her heart only grew stronger. It was

because she was all alone in this pitch darkness. No, that wasn’t the only

reason that her painful feelings of loneliness were swelling up. She’d been

lonely ever since coming to this world. Even though she would smile for

the people around her, it wasn’t a genuine smile from her heart. As long as

she didn’t know who she was, that was something that would never happen.

That was perhaps the sole reason she’d really fought up until now. She

was filled with loneliness and anxiety, but when she swung her sword, it

was like she could cut herself away from those emotions. That’s why she

believed that she was unconsciously trying to liberate herself by fighting.

Yet, somehow... that anxiety had now slightly weakened. Why was that?

It was because there was someone who knew who she was, and that made

her feel at ease. He said he was family. A cousin. A close friend. It was

embarrassing to talk about, but in this place where nobody was around,

those words rang in her heart.

Someone was thinking about her. Someone was waiting for her. She

knew all that because of Suimei, so just knowing him had eased her anxiety.

As she shut her eyes in the darkness, she could see her dreams playing on

the back of her eyelids—dreams of her playing with a young boy that were

probably memories of her childhood. They would play hide-and-go-seek

together. If only he’d come to try and find her now...

“Good grief, so this is where you were hiding?”

Yes, just like that, completely out of nowhere...

“Huh—?”

“Yo. You look a little worse for wear.”

Hatsumi turned towards the voice she heard and doubted her eyes. For

standing before her was Yakagi Suimei’s figure. She couldn’t see him well

in the darkness, but she recognized his voice. It really was like he’d

appeared out of nowhere.

“Yakagi?! Really?! You’re kidding...”

“Y-Yakagi...?”

Suimei frowned. He wasn’t used to her calling him by his family name.

And Hatsumi wasn’t used to seeing him dressed like this—he was in a

black suit rather than the green clothes he’d worn before.

“Why are you here...?”

“Isn’t it obvious? I came to find you. See, I heard you left to fight the

demons, then went missing in a retreat or something. I’ll worry about the

details later.”

“Ah, yeah...”

Hearing him say that, her face suddenly felt hot. To distract him from

her reddening cheeks, she changed the subject.

“Y-You were wearing a suit when you were summoned?”

“No, I was actually wearing my school uniform. But I can whip this out

anytime the occasion calls for it.”

“Being a mage sure is handy, isn’t it?”

“A magician—not the same as the magic users of this world.”

Hatsumi didn’t quite understand how they were different, but Suimei

didn’t dwell on it. He then pulled an old-fashioned lantern from the bag he

was carrying.

“So, I’m gonna turn on a light, okay?”

“Huh?”

“What?”

“W-Wait! If you do that, won’t the demons find us?!”

“Maybe, but who cares? Isn’t it a little dark for you here?”

“But...”

“Darkness wears out your nerves. Just being unable to see properly is a

bundle of anxiety. I guess it might not be if you’re already blind, but it’s

kind of a mood-killer. And if demons suddenly came and attacked, wouldn’t

it be fatal if your concentration was compromised?”

Suimei didn’t wait for her to agree. She didn’t know what kind of trick

he used, but after poking the lantern with his finger, a warm orange light

came on within the glass container. The source of the light was rather small,

but it provided as much illumination as an open flame. And with that,

Hatsumi could finally see Suimei clearly. Just as he said, she immediately

felt a little better.

“Now then, show me where you’re hurt.”

“Can you heal it?”

“I’m a magician, remember?”

As he spoke in a reliable and refreshing tone, Hatsumi showed him the

cuts on her arms and legs. Quite a few of them were deep, but thanks to the

divine protection from the hero summoning, they had already healed to the

point that they weren’t too serious. Suimei recited one or two words, and a

green magic circle appeared in the palm of his hand. It let out a faint light

that shone on the cuts on her arm. She could feel a gentle warmth from it.

Before long, when he pulled his hand away, her cuts were gone without a

trace.

As he continued healing her other wounds, she started imitating his

words as she hummed to herself. This was just the good luck charm he used

in her dreams. The smile he gave her as he finished her treatment was the

same, too. But it seemed he’d healed more than just her cuts—the anxiety

constricting her heart was long gone. Seeing the subtle change in her

expression, Suimei gave her a worried look.

“What’s wrong? Are you alright? Do you wanna take a rest before we

move?”

“Let’s go. I’d rather not stay here forever.”

The kindness he was showing her was somehow embarrassing, so she

abruptly turned away from him. He looked flabbergasted.

“What is it?” she asked.

“N-Nothing. It’s just, after being healed, you’re suddenly full of

energy... is all. That part of you is exactly the same as before you lost your

memories.”

“Hmph... Well excuse me for being a tomboy.”

Hatsumi sounded irritated. For some reason, him thinking of her that

way bothered her. Suimei, however, was chuckling like he was quite

pleased.

“Well then, shall we go?”

“Do you know the way back?”

“I can tell which way is north at least. We’ll figure it out.”

“That’s so haphazard...”

But right now, there wasn’t much else they could do. There was a

possibility they would bump into demons along the way, but if they

remained where they were, they would just be sitting ducks. And since it

seemed Hatsumi was ready to go again, it was better to get on the move.

Her miraculous recovery of energy could be attributed to the Goddess’s

blessing, but it was likely only now that her anxieties had been dispelled

that she was really feeling the effects of it. Like this, even if demons did

appear, she could fight well enough.

Holding up his lantern, Suimei began to walk. Even though he was

walking through thickets, he cut down anything that was in the way

skillfully with magic and created a path for them. Hatsumi followed after

him, focusing on the orange outline of his shadow drawn by the light from

his lantern.

“These are pretty sturdy trees, huh?” he said.

“They are apparently called darkwood. They grow here in the north, and

I’ve heard they’re used for weapons and things.”

“Yeah, I think I’ve heard of this before...”

Suimei spoke in an admiring tone. In spite of the critical situation, he

didn’t seem to be carrying an ounce of tension. Somewhat astonished at his

behavior, Hatsumi asked him about something that was on her mind.

“Hey, did you meet with Selphy and the others on the way here?”

“Yeah, I did. I had my companions stay with them. Right now, they’re

probably all taking it easy. I didn’t ask for details, but it looked like they all

had their units with them.”

“I see, thank goodness... They got away safely.”

Another of Hatsumi’s worries vanished in a sigh of relief. It was a