Morale was so high because the soldiers had all heard tale of Hatsumi’s

repeated triumphs over the demons. Not a single one of them doubted that

victory would be theirs today with Hatsumi on their side. She was their

hope, and knowing that made emotion well in Hatsumi’s chest. Choking it

back, she passed her gaze over the assembled troops. Weitzer then stepped

out in front of them.

“From here, we will strike at the demons who are besieging this fortress!

Even including our reinforcements, those wretched beasts outnumber us!

But we have a hero on our side—a hero worth ten thousand men! As long as

she is fighting with us, we will never lose! And you are all honored to fight

alongside her, the hero recognized by the Goddess Alshuna herself!

Everyone, take pride in facing this battle!”

As Weitzer’s unusually zealous speech came to an end, the soldiers

raised a remarkably loud war cry. When their shouts faded, Weitzer and

Gaius took their places at Hatsumi’s side. Then, on Weitzer’s command,

they and the soldiers all rushed down the hill from the fortress. A safe

distance out from the demon encampment, they stopped and took

formation.

“It seems the demons have noticed us and are already on the move,”

remarked Hatsumi.

“With us forming up here on the middle of the hill, it’s easy enough for

them to see,” said Weitzer.

Just as he finished explaining, the commander’s voice rang out from

behind.

“The formation is ready! We can attack at any time!”

Hatsumi looked at her companions and gave a single nod. When she did,

Weitzer yelled out his orders.

“Mage units, prepare to chant!”

In battles where devastation was the goal and there wasn’t any more

complex strategy at work than that, it was an established tactic to use magic

units to strike a preemptive blow. They would fire off a multitude of spells

as one, which would be followed by a barrage from the archers and a charge

from the cavalry and foot soldiers.

“After the magic volley ends, we’re charging in! Vanguard, gather your

courage!” shouted Gaius to the front line of troops.

But over him, an ominous wail could be heard coming from the demons’

side. Weitzer didn’t waste any time calling out orders to Selphy.

“Selphy, after the preemptive strike finishes—”

“I’ll take the unit around and provide support from the flanks, right?

Understood. Mage units, begin your incantations! Use fire and wind magic

to deliver the demons a fell blow!”

After confirming the plan, Selphy gave the word to the unit of mages.

The air was quickly filled with the sound of them chanting in unison, and

moments later, a volley of fire magic fanned by wind magic flew towards

the demons all at once. The first strike crashed into a group of them

spreading out at the foot of the hill. A second and third strike quickly

followed, and the thunderous rumble of exploding flames echoed far and

wide.

“Wind users, keep the wind’s direction in check! Keep our forces

upwind at all times! Don’t be negligent in making adjustments!”

Selphy continued to issue orders, and the mages continued with a flurry

of spells to try and slow the demons’ advance. Seeing the demons directly

in front of them march through the flames, the swordsmen then took action.

The vanguard prepared to draw their swords, and Weitzer lifted his own

towards the sky. Just as the sunlight reflected off the tip of his blade...

“Alright, all at once—”

Right when he was about to give the order to charge, a report from the

right flank came in in the form of a scream.

“Your Highness! Demon reinforcements from the right side!”

“Wha?!”

“Now?!”

Weitzer and Hatsumi’s surprised shouts overlapped. Gaius, meanwhile,

bellowed at the messenger.

“There’s a mountain to our right! What’s going on?!”

“They’re flying demons! They’re coming at us from the skies!”

“Did they prepare an ambush...?” Gaius mused.

“The commander said they hadn’t...” Hatsumi replied, still somewhat

stunned.

The commander had indeed said there didn’t appear to be other demons

in the area. Just what did this mean? As such thoughts spun in Hatsumi’s

head, Weitzer looked at her with a severe expression.

“There is no point wondering about it now. We’ll simply have to

dispatch some men to handle it. Troops, advance immediately and support

the vanguard! Mages in front, hurry to the right flank and support the troops

there!”

Just as he hastily gave his orders, another messenger came running over.

It wasn’t good news.

“Reporting, Your Highness! Demons have now appeared on the left side

to the north as well! Their numbers far exceeds the demons here!”

“Wha— How can that be?!” exclaimed Hatsumi.

“Ridiculous! It’s like they saw right through us...” spat Weitzer.

“No way! Just when we were about to make a move...” groaned Gaius.

The timing was too coincidental. The demons had reinforcements show

up from both sides just as the humans attacked. It was like they’d been

waiting for this. At this rate, the demons might close in and surround them

completely. Panicked, Weitzer let out an angry roar.

“Can’t we fight back?!”

“Th-There’s too many of them! They had double our numbers to begin

with, and now it’s several times that! We won’t stand a chance in a direct

clash!”

There was a forest to the left, so Weitzer couldn’t see the approaching

demons from that direction just yet, but the ones coming down from the

mountain were now clearly visible.

“That many? You’re kidding...”

There were enough of them in the air to black out the mountainside with

a dark red wriggling mass of flapping wings. There were far too many. The

soldiers currently on the right flank would never be able to defeat them all.

And now even more were approaching the left flank... But it was a mystery.

The demons hadn’t had time to call for reinforcements. This should have

been impossible unless they’d had an ambush lying in wait all this time. But

with such a large force at hand, they would’ve had no trouble taking the

fortress by brute force. There was no point in setting a trap like this.

But nevertheless, they’d lured the Alliance army right into their clawed

clutches. It had to mean they were expecting reinforcements to come, but

not even that made sense. There was no meaning in going to so much

trouble just to beat down reinforcements.

“Tch! The demons had more than just their main army and the detached

forces attacking the fortresses?!” Gaius yelled in frustration.

Hearing those words, something suddenly clicked for Hatsumi.

“I see, a detached force...”

Her voice was drowned out by the screaming and all the commotion in

their surroundings. She could barely hear Weitzer shouting orders right next

to her.

“All forces, maintain formation! If we break ranks now, the demons will

take advantage of it! Hurry!”

If Weitzer was giving the order to maintain formation, that had to mean

they were planning to hold and fight. But even if they held fast and fought

defensively, it was obvious what would happen to them against a demon

army of this size. They were at a crossroads. Realizing they didn’t stand a

chance of winning against the demons like this, Hatsumi yelled out at the

top of her lungs.

“Retreat!”

“Huh?”

“Hero-dono?!”

Bewildered voices rose up all around, particularly from Gaius and

Weitzer. Hatsumi turned to the two of them and passed down her command.

“Everyone retreat! All advancing units, fall back!”

“But Hero-dono, if we do that, the line of defense will crumble!”

“That may be so, but there are just too many of them! Even if we fight,

we’ll only be annihilated!”

“B-But if we retreat so readily, then morale will...”

Certainly, after continuous victories, the morale of the entire Alliance

army had swelled. And if forces led directly by the hero now retreated

without even putting up a fight, that inflated morale would burst like a

balloon. However...

“I don’t think it’s okay to suffer casualties just to maintain morale.”

As Hatsumi bluntly spoke her mind, Weitzer gave up on the idea of

clinging to the battle. He too knew it was foolish to continue fighting

against all odds.

“...Understood. Then hurry up and form up the rear guard. We shall use

the defensive capabilities of the fortress to...”

“No, have all the soldiers in the fortress withdraw too.”

“You mean to have them retreat as well?”

“Then what’re we gonna do about slowing these bastards down?” Gaius

asked.

“Without a rear guard, we cannot even run...” added Weitzer.

It was just as they said. It was critical to have a caboose unit of troops to

slow the enemy down in their pursuit so that all the other troops could flee.

But Hatsumi knew that already.

“Of course we’ll assemble a rear guard. But it will only consist of us and

any men that can be spared. Don’t hole up in the fortress as you go; move

past it. We’re abandoning it.”

“Abandoning it, you say?”

“Is it worth throwing away these men’s lives to protect?”

Hearing her words, both Weitzer and Gaius fell silent. They knew why

Hatsumi was making this choice. It was true that this boundary fortress was

an important base for keeping the demon invasion in check, but at this rate,

even if they tried to defend it, they would only end up capitulating. That’s

why it was vital for them to give it up and retreat while they still could.

“And if either of you objects to being in the rear guard, I won’t force

you to be.”

Hatsumi presented them the choice about their positions. She had no

intention of forcing them to do anything. However, just as she expected,

neither one of them declined. Both Weitzer and Gaius, though their faces

were covered in sweat, gave reassuring nods and promised to support the

soldiers as they retreated. But then another panicked report came in.

“The right flank! They can’t take it anymore! The left flank is also about

to collapse!”

“That was fast...”

“We were reeled in. Completely and utterly. We didn’t even have time to

draw our swords.”

Everything had gone exactly according to what the demons had planned.

They were at such a disadvantage that there was no way for them to even

fight back. They’d be doing well just to successfully retreat. It was about

then that Selphy, who was leading the mage units, came running over.

“Prince Weitzer, what is the situation here?”

“We just decided our plan.”

“To hold our ground?”

“No... We’ll be retreating.”

Weitzer and Selphy both bit down on their lips bitterly. As their

exchange ended, Hatsumi spoke up.

“Weitzer. Gaius. Selphy.”

“At your service.”

“What’s up?”

“Yes, Hatsumi?”

“From here, we’ll disperse and fight. After buying the others some time,

scatter and flee. Each of you take a unit of the rear guard with you as you

go. I’ll move independently on my own.”

“Independently? You...”

“Hatsumi! You can’t do that!”

Weitzer was concerned, but Selphy didn’t hesitate to decry Hatsumi’s

decision. To say she was worried would be putting it lightly. But there was a

reason Hatsumi had chosen this plan of action.

“I have the divine protection from the hero summoning ritual. I have

more endurance than everyone else. I’ll manage one way or the other.”

“Even so, for you to be alone—” Gaius began to object.

“If I imprudently took soldiers along, they would only weigh me down.

Don’t you see?”

“Th-That’s... certainly true...”

Unlike Gaius, who was at a complete loss for words, Weitzer had no