“Don’t be so tense. It’s fine to play around a little, right? But I guess this

kinda guy doesn’t really fall for being stirred up, huh?”

“Hmph...”

It sounded like Suimei was really trying to size up the demon. Rather

than playing around, he was just being sly. Next, Hatsumi questioned

Vuishta.

“Are you the one who thought up this scheme?”

“That’s right. Hero of the Alliance, you are strong. That is why I thought

to take you down with a clever ploy.”

“And this is how you chose to do it?”

“Yes, you all managed to defeat Mauhario. I figured you would grow

overconfident after that, making it easier to entrap you in such a way. It just

means it was worthwhile stirring him up.”

“You... used your own allied general?”

With that, Hatsumi realized the full extent of the scheme. This demon

general had no qualms about using his own allies as pawns. And just as

expected, Vuishta began laughing.

“That is incorrect. Mauhario simply exhausted himself for his allies’

sake.”

“You scum...”

With clear disgust in her voice, Hatsumi pointed the tip of her sword at

the black-robed demon. She was pointing her bloodlust at him, but he was

not agitated at all. After she took a step forward, Suimei called after her in a

somewhat perplexed tone.

“Uh, Hatsumi...”

“I’ll take the front. Please take care of the other demons.”

“No, I’ll take this guy.”

He likely felt responsible for taking the general down since he’d been

the one to attract him. But Hatsumi couldn’t stand for taking a backseat

while someone else protected her. A swordsman’s spirit flowed through her

veins. It was telling her to defeat the opponent before her. She couldn’t

entrust that to someone else. After they quickly exchanged looks as she

glanced back at him, Suimei seemed to understand how she felt. Or perhaps

just gave up on trying to convince her otherwise. After letting out quite a

sigh, Suimei stepped back.

“Got it. I’ll do something about the guys in the area first.”

With those words, Suimei’s mana swelled up considerably. Sensing this,

Vuishta brought his eerie laughter to an end and raised his arm.

“Now, get them!”

Swinging down his arm and giving out his command, the demons

sprung to action all at once. However, even with them all pouncing,

Hatsumi didn’t feel like she was in any particular danger. It was the same as

always. These demons attacked like a mob every single time. They were

just like wild beasts being thrown a piece of meat. No, that’s exactly what

they were.

Normal humans didn’t have the means to deal with a mob springing on

them. But skilled individuals had strategies and techniques for all kinds of

situations, including this.

It would be vital to cut the demons down quickly before they could

completely surround her and truly gang up on her. When surrounded by

enemies, instead of defending, there was a swordsman in the past who said

it was always better to go on the offensive. Hatsumi’s memory was hazy

and she couldn’t remember their name, but she had no problem putting such

wisdom into practice.

Before the demons came into range, Hatsumi dashed forward like a gale

towards the nearest one. The demon had no time to be surprised at her

footwork, which reduced the distance between them to nothing in an

instant. Before its expression could even change, its head was already

tumbling on the ground. And then, without losing any momentum, Hatsumi

moved on to the next demon. She leaped towards the one who was in the

middle of reacting to the first being cut down. Seeing that this demon was

taller than she was, Hatsumi thrust out her right arm out and stabbed at its

face.

Against a large number of enemies, a thrust was a very poor choice of

move. It was a powerful technique, but required pulling the blade back

afterward, which could leave the attacker open and delay their next move.

However, that was no issue for the skilled Hatsumi. After stabbing the

demon in the face, she simply leaned in and drove the blade in further.

Disregarding the spray of blood, meat, and grey matter, she slashed her

blade out through the side of the demon’s head to attack the next one.

In a single breath, the next demon was rent into five pieces. There was a

spray of blood. There would only be an instant before it cleared. Just a

single moment. As if everything was moving in slow motion to her,

Hatsumi placed her large sword on her shoulder, and—determined to

decapitate all of demons in a single line—swung it with all her might.

After her powerful slash, everything reverted to regular speed for

Hatsumi as every demon was blown away. That was the last of them. She’d

taken down at least one with every swing of her sword.

But it was dull. The demons were hardly a match for her. Like an

unyielding geyser, she was overflowing with power.

Remaining vigilant of Vuishta’s movements, Hatsumi began worrying

about Suimei. He was also surrounded by demons that were leaping at him

just like they had with her. And Suimei was slow to react—he had yet to

make his move. But he was completely composed just like the night he first

came to the palace. There were somewhere around ten demons lunging at

him, and he had nowhere to run. It seemed like there wasn’t enough time

for him to deal with them all, but...

Every last demon and even the ground beneath them burst.

“Amazing...” Hatsumi unwittingly muttered.

Suimei had held his hand like a blade and swung it out in a horizontal

line. The moment he raised his fingers to the sky, the demons were all

swallowed in an explosion of flames. The man standing at the center of the

explosions had an open stance and moved in a relaxed manner. It was a

frightening, casual power. It was like he was the god of fire himself.

As she thought, he was quite skilled. She had seen magic used in battle

against the demons several times already, but this was on a completely

different level. Suimei then turned his composed gaze on Vuishta.

“At this level, no matter how many of them you let loose at us, you’ll

never defeat us, you know?”

“That is... until they drain your mana and stamina, no?”

As Vuishta declared this, a massive number of demons began to appear

from within the forest.

“Nothing but small fries swarming like bugs...”

“Heh heh, then please keep these small fries company for me. I must

attend to the hero.”

While letting out another eerie laugh, Vuishta turned to Hatsumi. It

seemed he intended to come at her immediately. Paying close attention to

his movements, she charged at him first.

Flying demons came at her from the right and left as she ran. She swung

her large sword at them, and in a single breath, took both of them down.

She then took aim at Vuishta. But just like Suimei, Vuishta’s movements

were composed. She was getting an ominous feeling from his figure just

floating there.

Going around and cutting in from the left, Hatsumi extended her large

sword while her opponent extended his claws clad in an evil violet aura.

She took a swing with her sword from the side, but he dodged it. As she

thought, the demon general was different from the small fries. Like a piece

of paper blowing wildly in the wind, her blade didn’t even graze Vuishta’s

robe.

“Ugh...”

Seeing this fight wasn’t going to end so simply, Hatsumi let out a

slightly bitter groan as she leaped back. She then prepared to take on

Vuishta’s attack that would be coming at her, but suddenly, a purple flash

came flying in from behind her.

“Ngh!”

Escaping the purple flash, Vuishta’s black robe lightly fluttered as he fell

back a great distance. It was a spell fired off by Suimei, who was currently

still facing down a large number of demons.

“Yakagi!”

“Seems he can do something useful...”

Instead of replying, Suimei kept his eyes locked on Hatsumi. But not for

long. His attention soon returned to the demons who’d resumed their attack

on him. Using fire and lightning, he continuously shot down one after the

other.

Suimei was supporting her from the back. On top of facing off against

the demons surrounding her, he was paying attention to Hatsumi’s fight and

keeping Vuishta in check.

He really is quite capable...

While fighting off a constant stream of ten or more demons, no normal

human would be able to concentrate on anything else, much less provide

covering fire. Hatsumi was left suspecting that his sight, hearing, and other

senses were ten times as keen as what a normal human possessed.

But she had to focus on her own battle too.

“HYAAAAAH!”

Hatsumi attacked Vuishta as she unleashed her fighting spirit. She

couldn’t easily hit him, but she continued to attack as she linked her sword

techniques together in a chain. Before her incessant flurry of attacks,

Vuishta eventually slowed, unable to keep up with her movements.

Now!

Using that opening, Hatsumi slashed down from his right shoulder to his

left hip in the blink of an eye. She didn’t yell as she let out her killing blow.

The fighting spirit held in her struck silently. Just as she planned, her sword

cut right through Vuishta’s body. However...

“Huh—? Urgh!”

Hatsumi caught a glimpse of a violet aura coming at her and backed

away immediately. Right after she finished swinging her sword, in no time

at all, Vuishta’s was swiping at her with his evil claws.

“You dodged that well. I intended to kill you with that just now.”

“What are you saying so hastily?!”

She was stunned for an instant by the unexpected event, but she

immediately yelled back as she swung her sword. This time, Vuishta did not

move in the slightest or make any attempts to evade, as if telling her that he

had no need to do so. And indeed, her large sword cut through the darkness

without any resistance at all.

“What’s the matter? You won’t be able to defeat me with that sort of

attack, you know.”

“That can’t be! My sword definitely...”

Her aim was true. But in spite of that, it was like she’d swiped through

pure air. In a fluster over this mysterious turn of events, she let her guard

down some. Suimei then yelled at her from behind.

“Hatsumi! Move!”

“Hup!”

Reacting to his voice, Hatsumi swiftly jumped back a great distance. Not

a moment later, she could hear the satisfying sound of Suimei snapping his

fingers, which quickly transformed into the sound of a large explosion. The

air in front of Vuishta detonated. There was no way the shockwave hadn’t

hit him, but as if nothing happened at all, his black robe was still lightly

swaying in the air.

“...Huh?”

“What’s the matter? That level of magic won’t work on me, you know.”

“...”

Suimei didn’t respond to such provocation. Disregarding the demons

who were lunging at him from behind, he simply glared at Vuishta in

silence...

“Huh—?”

Suimei’s figure suddenly vanished like smoke and the demons lost their

target. When Hatsumi spotted him, he was already standing behind those

bewildered demons. Next, a great number of magic circles took shape

suspended in the night sky.

“Wai...?!”

Looking at the magic circles that seemed to be filling the night sky to

capacity, Hatsumi reflexively raised her voice in a fluster. She knew it was

the work of an ally, but it still boggled her mind.

“Illustre carmen ad operationem maximam. Armat ad centum et juctim

diducit, invocato Augoeides. Carpet Bombing!”

[Illustrious spell at maximum operation. Arm from one to a hundred and

deploy serially, invoke Augoeides. Carpet Bombing!]

A flash of light was fired from the numerous magic circles filling the

night sky. As the light impacted the ground, it exploded with a violent flash.

The demons and Vuishta had nowhere to run, and everything in a wide area