was blown away. It was indeed a magical carpet bombing.

Surely there was no way the demons had survived. Hatsumi shuddered

at the thought of facing a spell so powerful, but quickly put it out of her

mind as the afterimage of the light burned into her eyes vanished. Vuishta

was still there.

“Heh heh heh heh heh...”

“No way!”

All of the winged demons had completely vanished, but Vuishta looked

untouched. He was simply quietly laughing with an air of excitement.

Suimei’s attack just now didn’t even leave a three centimeter gap anywhere

for a mouse to escape. Even the sturdy darkwood trees in the area were

cruelly blown away or toppled over. The storm of light was so intense that

there were even chunks of earth blown out of the ground. But nevertheless,

Vuishta was unharmed. As if nothing had happened at all, his robe was still

lightly fluttering midair. Suimei beheld this and let out a troubled groan.

“Even high-order magicka doesn’t work...? Wasn’t the one just now

good enough to annihilate the others? No, it’s just that the magicka didn’t

pierce his body...”

Hatsumi could hear him speaking in a perplexed voice with a couple of

technical terms mixed in. It seemed he was also unaware of the reason why

their attacks weren’t working on Vuishta. Despite his bewilderment, Suimei

once more opened his mouth.

“Mea acies est facta invisibilis, sed est instar adamantinum acre, et

demergit meus inimicum in sanguis. Abripit in atomos!”

[My blade is invisibly made, however with sharpness like steel, it

drowns my enemy in a pool of blood. Blow away into atoms!]

As Vuishta was about to take action, Suimei fired off his next spell.

Right as his chant came to an end, the darkwood trees, the ground, and the

scattered stones were all abruptly torn to pieces and blown away. Hatsumi

couldn’t tell whether they were blades made of air or just invisible blades,

but everything in the surroundings were being shredded as the tempest of

invisible slashes continued with no signs of stopping. Vuishta was

concealed among the kicked-up dust and wood chips. But Suimei wasn’t

going to relent until the entire area had been leveled. This time for sure...

“With this...!”

“Nope, this is just the opening performance.”

“Huh?”

Just as Suimei spoke, an invisible power pulled Hatsumi’s body over to

his side. After landing next to him, within the sandstorm of wood chips, she

could see a thin fire similar to a red string cutting through it. Before long, a

bright red monster was born within the sandstorm of wood chips. It swelled,

and then everything exploded. But neither the heat nor the shockwave from

the blast reached her. Suimei was likely intercepting it. Both of them were

unharmed, but...

“C-Could this be... a dust explosion?!”

In complete contrast to Hatsumi’s surprised expression, Suimei was

indifferently staring at the fire as if nothing was happening. Not only had he

cast the spell, but he’d used its power to make a clever attack like this.

Thinking of how he’d intentionally created the phenomenon sent chills

down Hatsumi’s spine. But even with all that, as the smoke subsided,

Vuishta was in perfect health.

“So he can’t be blown away either... Huh.”

As if accepting that reality, Suimei’s irked voice rang in the now still air.

But he said not a word after that. Even though Vuishta was acting

defenseless, he didn’t chant another spell.

“Yakagi!”

“...”

Suimei did not reply. As if he gave up on defeating the enemy before

him, he simply stood there with his head hung down.

★

The hero’s expression grew more bitter and unpleasant as time passed. It

was no wonder, either. No matter how much she slashed at Vuishta’s body

with her sword, all her sword ever cut was air. It was so unusual and

uncanny that Hatsumi’s cheeks burned in frustration.

The man had stopped using magic, and the hero was just recklessly

swinging her sword. Despite not knowing why her blows weren’t

connecting, she didn’t relent in her attacks. Her moves were fluent and

mature. So much so that Mauhario’s were merely a child’s practice swings

in comparison. If he let his mind wander too much, they had a beauty to

them that might even captivate a demon. However, right now, it was all just

recklessness. Her sword that carried no conviction that it would actually hit

was simply too clouded. Naturally, even the clear blade of a confident

sword master would never hit him.

As the hero swung around her sword, she exclaimed and cursed to

herself. She probably wasn’t intending to do so, but impatience moved her

mouth involuntarily.

Rotating her body, the hero’s sword drew a spiral in the air. The blade

came in with plenty of power from the side, and Vuishta exposed himself to

the blow. But he took it with no resistance whatsoever, and easily shook it

off. It was like he was only pretending to be hit with it, and Hatsumi could

only watch in natural confusion. This was the first time her blade had ever

been rendered completely useless.

“This is pointless no matter how long you go at it. Your sword will never

strike my body.”

“Ugh!”

Vuishta spoke as if remonstrating the hero as she let out a sort of groan.

He was acting like her attacks didn’t pose any threat at all to him after all,

but even then, her attacks were too obvious now. This was how she’d

defeated Mauhario. It wouldn’t work against Vuishta, but it made dealing

the decisive blow back to her difficult.

However, even the hero had her limits. As long as he kept sapping her

will to fight, she would weaken along with her depleted stamina. She had

been fighting continuously since the ambush at the fortress. She probably

hadn’t had any chance to rest. Right now she was panicking and slowly

coming to an understanding. At this rate, she would die along with her will.

Just imagining the outcome, Vuishta was naturally filled with laughter.

He was leading around an opponent by the nose who was supposed to pose

a threat to the Demon Lord. Anyone would find it funny. It was simply such

a delightful and pleasant feeling.

“Heh heh... It seems your breathing is starting to get ragged. How about

giving up already?”

“You talk too much.”

“Unfortunately, unlike you humans, I do not have a tongue to bite on,

after all.”

He began to corner the hero with his words. Humans were beings with

weak hearts, no matter how strong their constitutions were. When their

emotional strength was chipped away at, every single one of them was the

same. They were delicate, fragile things.

Both Rajas and Lishbaum were well aware of this point as well. Aiming

right at their weak spot, they could quash a human’s fighting spirit right at

the root and make things all too easy. Vuishta was reminded of what they’d

said at each and every opportunity. And so...

“It is about time you gave up. Could you just graciously hand me your

head?”

“Who would do that?!”

“The man behind you seems to have resigned himself already. While

you’ve been swinging around your sword... Just look. Hasn’t he just been

standing there stock-still the whole time?”

“...Urgh!”

The moment he pointed out that man, the hero went pale enough that her

face looked white. It was like imminent defeat was painted on her face. If

he used that man against her, she would easily capitulate. He thought it was

somewhat troublesome at first that she had a companion present, but it

turned out to be quite fortunate.

It was no wonder the hero stepped forward on her own and fought quite

prominently, but the fact that she was relying on the man behind her was

clear as day. She watched the man’s face, and was using it to judge whether

they were in a superior or inferior position. When she fought, she did so in a

style that relied on his support. And then, after that man became completely

silent, she broke into a sweat and became indecisive. Vuishta was confident

of this fact.

While defeating Vuishta’s brethren, that man provided precise support

for the hero like it was natural. He was quite skilled, but in the end he was

only human. He was merely entertainment. His magic wasn’t enough to

harm Vuishta—that was impossible. Probably not even Lishbaum, who

taught him this technique, or even Demon Lord Nakshatra, could inflict a

single wound on him.

At last, the hero’s shoulders began to droop like she was losing hope.

Perhaps she was finally realizing that she couldn’t defeat him no matter

what. She cast her gaze downwards, slumped her shoulders, and bit her lip

bitterly. Seeing her like this now was too funny. It was like the fearsome girl

at the start of the fight had just been a joke.

“Heh heh hehAH AHAHA!”

Unable to contain his joy, Vuishta poured his evil power into his claws.

It would only be a few more moments. In mere seconds, he would take the

hero’s head and gain the honor of being the first to kill a hero. There was no

longer anybody who could get in his—

“Aah, what the hell? So that’s what it was?”

“...Wha?”

“...Huh?”

Two confused voices were simultaneous raised at that completely out of

place voice. When Vuishta looked, the man who was standing stock-still

before was now behind the hero and sighing with a stunned expression on

his face. He looked like he’d come to a realization that should have only

been obvious.

“I thought you were quite the difficult opponent to deal with, but now I

totally get why attacks aren’t working on you. Your real body isn’t exposed

here, so obviously there’s no way an attack would really connect. Why the

hell didn’t I realize something so simple sooner? I’m a dumbass.”

The man in black clothing looked particularly perplexed—distraught,

even. It was like his thoughts and concerns were somewhere far away from

the battle Vuishta and the hero were having right in front of him.

Once he was done talking, Vuishta fired the evil power he had been

gathering as a magic bullet at him. However, the man noticed it. He

snapped his fingers and sent the attack flying off course with an explosion.

Up until now, he’d simply looked like he’d given up, but now he was

eyeing Vuishta with the same bored expression he had in the beginning of

the fight. Before he realized it, the hero had also dodged one of his attacks

and leaped over to the man’s side.

“Didn’t you give up...?”

“Huh? What the hell are you talking about? Why would I give up in this

kind of situation?”

“What...? You know, to survive, or something...”

“Nah. If we can’t win, we just run. You... When you lost your memories,

did you also lose some of your brains?”

“Who’re you calling stupid?!”

The hero began yelling at the man. The man was snickering a bit, but his

gaze was attentively directed at Vuishta. As Vuishta once more gathered his

power for an attack, the man raised his hand once more. His ability to

intercept was astounding. It would be difficult for Vuishta to get an attack

in. The hero then pointed her sword at Vuishta as she spoke to the man once

more.

“Did you figure it out?”

“Yeah. Seriously, I thought the guys in this world couldn’t do that crap,

but there’s always an exception. There’s a part of it that I’m a little curious

about, but... Well, I’ll just set that aside.”

The man was speaking like he knew how to deal with Vuishta’s

technique somehow. Could it be more than just a bluff? Could he have

actually figured it out? No, that was absolutely impossible.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about...” Vuishta said in a deep voice.

The man rolled his eyes and began speaking in a reserved fashion.

“Then should I just explain it simply? The reason attacks don’t connect

with you isn’t because your physical existence has become ambiguous, but

because the space itself you’re occupying has become ambiguous, right?”

“...”

“It looks like your body becomes hazy, so at first I only thought you

were turning into vapor or making your physical existence ambiguous. But,

holy crap, to think that you had that kind of body from the beginning... It’s

amazing. Well, you’re a demon after all, so anything goes, I guess.”

“...You are completely off the mark.”