“Quit lying this far into the game. I’ve fought a guy who used a similar

technique to what you’re doing right now. Well, his was way better right out

the gate, honestly.”

The man was confident that his conjecture was correct. Vuishta was

unable to deceive him.

“...Fine then. You are correct. I offer you my praise for seeing through it.

However, this technique cannot be overcome by anyone.”

“You wish. There are countless ways of dealing with it.”

The man had a smile on his face as he declared that. It was like someone

had said something funny. And that condescending attitude, like he was

sneering at Vuishta, greatly fanned his anger.

“There is no such—”

“I just told you there was. Pretending to be a know-it-all really is lame,

you know?”

“Tch! What are you...? With that kind of bluff...”

“Ah, you think it’s a bluff, huh? Care to test me?”

Vuishta gathered the power in his hand once more, and it swelled up into

the shape of a gigantic fist. He swung with all his might, uplifting the

ground and sending a great shockwave at the man.

He would never be able to defend himself in time. It would even be too

late for the hero by the time she reacted. However, even that underhanded

play seemed to have been anticipated. The instant his attack was crashing

into them, the man’s figure fizzled out. The next Vuishta knew, both he and

the hero were now in a different location.

Just what did they do? Vuishta was unable to read when that man had

used a spell. Even the hero, his companion, seemed baffled by this. She was

looking around frantically. And then, that man quietly shut his eyes and

began reciting words from memory like he was singing.

“He who reveals the truth. Open the gates of knowledge, the third eye

held by the Fool, and return all ignorance to the fate of the Earth. The

purified soul of Jnanachakusya. Transcribe the ninety-six spokes revealed

by them as two spheres and semi-circles, and draw them at my feet.”

The man’s chant resounded in the air. His mana grew agitated and

poured out into the atmosphere surrounding him. The fierce wind created by

his mana was systematically scouring the earth, and eventually, the man

opened his eyes.

“Before the opened eye of Danguma, obliterate all falsehoods.”

Anything and everything in the area was drowned in a dazzling light that

looked like it was reflecting off of a surface of water. However, that light

immediately settled down, and just like before, the darkwood forest was

only illuminated by the light of the crescent moon. Vuishta could not tell at

all what effect the summoned light had. Nothing about his body had

changed, and nothing about the surroundings had either. The hero also

seemed to have realized this, and looked at the man with a puzzled

expression.

“Yakagi...? That magic just now...”

“It’s done.”

The man was conceding. It had all been an act of desperation after all.

“Heh heh... AHAHAHA! What’s that?! Like I thought, it was just a

bluff! Just as I thought that you were doing something truly over the top,

nothing happened at all! Everything is the same as before!”

“Nope, that’s not true. Look. This over here is different, right?”

As the man declared this, he tapped the ground with the sole of his shoe.

There were several circles drawn there with a pale glimmer that looked like

they were imitating several eyes.

“And what is that picture supposed to do?”

“Hmm? It’ll take a while to explain, you know. The Buddhist symbols of

Danguma and Ajunya. I’d have to start with Western magicka born from

Indian Buddhism.”

“What prattle...”

The man was brimming with composure, but it wasn’t like he’d actually

accomplished anything. Those marks at his feet were simply leftover magic

circles from his bluff attempt. There was nothing to be worried about.

“W-Wait a sec! After all that talk, nothing is really different, right?!

What’re you doing?!”

“...Even you don’t believe me? This is outta your area of expertise, so

just put a lid on it.”

“But...”

“Look. Then how ’bout this?”

The moment the man spoke, a cold light suddenly rushed out. It was the

man’s magic. Despite knowing that it wouldn’t work, that it would only

beget the same outcome, he was a one-trick pony. His magic would never

hit. Or at least, it shouldn’t have.

“Guuuh! Wh-What the...?”

Betraying all his expectation, the light pierced through Vuishta’s

shoulder. The shock of being struck by magic and a sharp pain ran through

him.

“You see? It hit, didn’t it?”

“You’re kidding... So that magic earlier was for this?”

“B-Bastard, just what did you...”

“Demon General Vuishta. You falsified the location you were

occupying. However, as long as this eye of Danguma is open in the physical

world, you can’t do that. The vision of your body that we see here, or the

secondary one you’re swapping out with, will be completely exposed.”

“Ridiculous! My true body can’t be struck with magic just because of

some picture! My body is already always in the realm of the dead!”

“Huh? Always in the realm of the dead? Don’t go spouting such

nonsense, you fucking nitwit. You’re just riding a liminal line to make your

existence ambiguous. Despite using the damn technique yourself, you don’t

even know how it works? It’s not like your body is in a faraway place.”

“An attack from here couldn’t possibly...”

“No, it really can’t reach you. But your understanding of the whole thing

is still all kinds of messed up. Each and every time you attack or defend,

you’re shifting between phases. The truly supernatural skill of being able to

attack from across different phases is something only someone like Kudrack

could pull off. In short, you’re only hiding your body a little bit.”

“Wha...?!”

It was a shock. This man could see through portions of the technique

that Vuishta knew nothing about.

“H-However, just because you have seen through this technique does not

mean I have lost!”

“But the fact that I can hit you now is quite serious, isn’t it?” asked the

hero.

She’d been quiet all this time, but now unfurled her bloodlust again. It

was like the start of the fight all over again. No, she was overflowing with

even more spirit than before.

“Shut it, you stupid little girl!”

As Vuishta gathered his evil power and fired a magic bullet, the man

responded in kind and shot forward his light magic. The two magics crossed

each other in the space between Vuishta and the hero. Using his evil aura,

Vuishta deployed his defensive wall, and the man’s magic vanished when it

hit.

But the man also blocked Vuishta’s attack with a barrier of his own. A

golden magic circle floating in the sky deployed before him like a shield.

Suddenly, the hero pointed her gaze towards that man.

“Yakagi.”

“What, was it none of my business?”

“Um, that’s not it but...”

Seeming to have grasped her feelings after she had hesitated to speak,

the man let out a sigh like he was resigning himself.

“Fine. The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani is a sword that cuts

down the evil that haunts the world. Go ahead and thoroughly show that

guy those sword techniques that have been polished for five hundred

years.”

The hero resolutely nodded at his fearless statement. She then pointed

her sword towards Vuishta, and came charging in with a sweeping strike.

“HAAAAAAA!”

“Don’t underestimate MEEEEE!”

The moment he thought he had caught her in his sights, she suddenly

vanished, and a horizontal slash was coming from his side. She was fighting

while remaining out of his field of vision. It was also clear that her

movements were much sharper than before. However...

“All that means is that I just have to evade! I’ve already seen through

your sword!”

Even if her sword was no longer clouded, even if it was now perfectly

clear, there was no way her blade would strike him. Vuishta had seen

through the hero. Her technique was obvious to him. Whenever she slashed

out at him, her blade glittered quite clearly, after all. Even if the hero herself

vanished from his field of vision, the light from her blade drew a distinct

line in the air and told him where she was attacking from. Just like when the

fighting started, all he had to do was dodge it. Nothing more.

It seemed the foolish hero had yet to realize all this. She simply

continued to straightforwardly attack him. And just like before, all he had to

do was toy with her until her power faded.

“Ugh, I can’t hit him...”

“That’s right! Even if I can’t use my technique to make your sword

strikes pass through me, you can’t hit me! You will never be able to!”

“...”

Seeing the hero fall silent, Vuishta’s joy leaked out in a laugh. Watching

his enemy who had heated up with passion bite her lip in powerlessness

brought him unbearable levels of ecstasy.

“Heh... AHAHAHAHAHAHA! After I defeat this stupid little girl of a

hero, next is you, you damn brat!”

After the hero would be that man in black clothes. There was no way he

would let anyone who saw through his technique live. And after being so

insulted, Vuishta would make his death a painful one.

On the other hand, something was wrong with the hero. In complete

contrast to how she was moving around non-stop while attacking him just

moments ago, she now stood there quietly with her sword in position. Her

sword was pointed right at his eyes and the hilt of her sword was just a little

lower than her chest. He didn’t know what she was planning, but the flicker

of her blade would give her away. The moonlight reflecting off her sword

told him... Wait, the moonlight?

“Huh—?”

It was gone. The glittering that was supposed to show him her next

move had abruptly vanished. And just as he lost sight of her sword, he

could hear a woman’s voice coming from somewhere in front of him.

“The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani, the Hazy Cross.”

Her spirit was sharper than the crisp, cold night. While the hero’s awe-

inspiring voice echoed in his eardrums, Vuishta found himself lying face-up

on the ground. He craned his neck to see in the darkness, but he could

hardly see anything as his own body was cut into quarters. Before he could

even scream, a gasp of doubt escaped his lips.

“H-How...”

How did she do this? Just what had happened...?

“On the night of a new moon, never compete against a swordsman. As

I’d expect from my father... I truly, honest to god, tip my hat to him.”

The man in black clothes looked up at the sky as the night wind began to

blow. He spoke almost as if he was reading Vuishta’s thoughts. His voice

was somewhat nostalgic, yet happy. He then looked at Vuishta with a smile.

It was just like the one he’d frequently seen Demon Lord Nakshatra make

when things were playing out in the palm of their hands.

“Ridiculous... The moon is thin tonight, but there should still be

moonlight...”

“You think?”

At the man’s ridiculing comment, Vuishta looked up at the sky.

However, the shining crescent moon...

“It... Is isn’t there...?!”

As if the moon had never existed, the night sky was pitch black. There

wasn’t even a single star to be seen.

“Hunt the Moon. The moon is a mirror that reflects all truth in the solar

system. Everything under the light of the moon is made clear by its

brilliance. Everything in its light becomes honest. Therefore, I hunted it

from the sky.”

Vuishta could not understand what that man was saying. It was like he

was reciting a poem. However, that black-clad man simply shrugged his

shoulders at Vuishta’s bewilderment.

“Well, I said it in quite an exaggerated way, but this isn’t even the same

solar system as Earth’s, and I don’t even know if there’s the ninety degree

spectrum here. That was all just consolation, but... it still spells death for