forward. That you had to go save them...”

“I did?” Suimei reflexively asked.

Thinking back on it, he didn’t remember saying anything like that.

“You don’t know...? I see. You probably don’t remember because you

were half asleep. It struck me as a little strange too, but at the time, it really

felt like you had something you had to do no matter what. That’s why I

thought it must have been some sort of dream of yours.”

Those were busy, dark days for Suimei. After settling all his late father’s

worldly business, he had to uphold the last promise he’d made with him—

his resolution to continue to walk the path of a magician. It wasn’t all that

strange that he’d accidentally let mention of it slip his lips.

“When Gaius barged into the palace asking for reinforcements, that

memory came back to me. That’s why I started fighting. The boy in my

memories pressed onward without letting anything hold him back. So I

couldn’t just stand by and do nothing... Though I’m a little peeved to find

out that boy was you.”

Hatsumi trailed off a bit and added those last few words under her

breath. That part didn’t sit well with Suimei, but that wasn’t why he was

rubbing his forehead. He was distraught over his own helplessness. He’d

never imagined his own words would be part of the reason she was fighting.

It was ironic, really. Because of something he’d said in the past, she

wouldn’t listen to him now. Realizing Suimei looked like he was at his wits’

end, Hatsumi spoke up again.

“It’s not like I’m saying it’s your fault...”

“I know. Even if you didn’t have amnesia, you might have made the

same choice. I won’t say who’s really to blame.”

But even with that blunt declaration, Suimei was unable to dispel his

own guilt. If Hatsumi had come to this world with her memories, it was

indeed plenty likely she’d still be fighting the demons. The sword style she

practiced was meant for nothing other than fighting evil, after all. Slowly

coming to terms with all this, Suimei quietly asked her one more time.

“So you’re going to stay and fight here?”

“Yes. I started this, so I’m going to finish it.”

“I see...”

Suimei could only barely get out those words. He was nearly choked up

with worry. Fighting the demons was no lighthearted undertaking. All

manner of hardships would lie ahead of her. And that included her dealings

with other people. As long as she held the position of a hero, there would be

things happening behind the curtain that she had no control over. On top of

that, she still didn’t have her memories back. That would only heap anxiety

on top of everything else. However...

“Got it.”

Suimei stood up to leave. Just because he was worried didn’t mean he

had any right to tell her she was wrong. Even if he broke down and took her

by force, he wouldn’t be satisfied. It wasn’t fair to make her abandon her

goals just so he could accomplish his own. He knew what it was like to

have something you couldn’t give up on.

“I’d like to go along with you, but I have to find the spell to return us to

our world. When I do, I’ll come back.”

“Okay.”

“I’ll be staying in town at the Twilight Pavilion’s boarding house for a

while. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to come and ask. Though you

may be reluctant to meet with me...”

With those gentle words, Suimei clapped his hands together as though

he’d suddenly remembered something.

“That’s right!”

“What?”

“The next time you meet whoever’s in charge around here, deliver a

message for me: ‘If you’re planning to continue messing with me despite

being the hero’s friend, my priorities will change. Next time, whoever you

send at me—be it ten or twenty thousand men—better come prepared to be

annihilated.’”

After Suimei informed her of this in a slightly joking tone, he took his

leave.

★

It was now the day after Suimei infiltrated the palace for the second

time. Kuchiba Hatsumi was seated before the king in a circular gazebo in a

corner of the palatial royal garden. At the king’s side was Crown Prince

Weitzer, and filling the gazebo were the various cabinet ministers and

generals of Miazen. Hatsumi’s other companions, Gaius and Selphy, were

also in attendance.

After judging that the king had finished with his government affairs,

Hatsumi had requested an unofficial audience with him. The royal family

was very mindful of Hatsumi’s circumstances, and ordinarily put up the

front of all business with the hero being official, so it was decided that this

meeting in particular would be held outside of the more formal audience

chamber.

Sitting across from Hatsumi at a marble table, the king of Miazen gave

her a gentle smile. It was likely his way of telling her she could relax here.

The king of Miazen was a mild man, quite unlike his son, Weitzer. He was

the very picture of the kind king from any fairytale. He was strict when he

needed to be, but always took his people into consideration, and was

beloved by all. Once everyone was in place and all the preparations were

settled, the king addressed Hatsumi.

“Now, Hero-dono, what was it that you wished to speak of so earnestly

with me?”

“You see, sire, it concerns the plans we made for how to handle the

demons from here, as well as an unrelated report.”

Without being particularly humble, Hatsumi replied politely and

elegantly. The king spoke back to her in a slightly joking manner.

“Oho, so you discussed that sort of thing already, have you? It is

admirable of you to be thinking of the demon subjugation during your time

of rest, but I should have liked to join the panel.”

“My apologies. You are a busy man, Your Majesty, so though it may be

presumptuous, we decided to talk amongst ourselves.”

“I see, I see. My apologies for causing you concern, but you’re as

modest as ever, Hero-dono. Without being proud, you’re quite dignified. I

am proud of you as the king of the country that has you as its hero.”

The king laughed with a broad smile. It was the face of a king who

loved the people, though Hatsumi had her doubts about whether it was a

good or a bad thing to shower praise on people at every opportunity. She

took a casual glimpse in Gaius’s direction, and perhaps because he found

the king’s overly loose tone to be tedious or perhaps because he didn’t

enjoy the flattery, his lips were drawn in a tight frown. The king eventually

moved the conversation along, still smiling.

“Now then, please share with me the contents of your discussion.”

“From now on, to the best of my ability, I was thinking of taking up the

plans originally laid out for the hero. Of course, this will only be after the

remaining demons in the northern parts of the Alliance are eradicated. But

once that is handled, I was thinking of meeting up with the other heroes.”

That was what Selphy had once told her the hero was meant to do. That

way, when the demon attacks grew fierce, the heroes would be able to band

together and act as one where their help was needed most. With the demon

invasion currently moving at the slow crawl that it was, most of the other

heroes were still travelling around to inspire the citizens and increase

morale. That was an important part of a hero’s job too, but Hatsumi was

thinking it was about time that they started moving towards the fight.

“Hmm, yes... You certainly have a point, though I must say I think it’s a

little premature to be considering this. I’m sure you’ve heard tales of the

other heroes, but I do believe it is vital for you to focus on what’s right in

front of you without rushing it.”

“Thank you for your consideration.”

Despite the king sounding overly optimistic about the future, Hatsumi

respectfully bowed her head.

“And, goodness me... Frankly speaking, I cannot bring myself to have

such a young girl thrust into war. Hero-dono, do you not also wish to live a

peaceful life? If you desire it, you could stay here in the palace hereafter

and live your life away from battle altogether.”

“Huh...?”

Hatsumi’s eyes were darting from place to place in a sort of staggered

confusion. The king had just implied it was fine for her to ignore her duties

as a hero. Considering he was partially responsible for summoning her to

this world, it didn’t seem like anything he should be saying. She thought

perhaps he was trying to be considerate of her amnesia. She didn’t think it

was anything nefarious. No, the king was always smiling far too gently to

have ulterior motives. She didn’t want to be distrusting, but... As Hatsumi

was processing her feelings deep within her heart, the king spoke once

more.

“What do you think? You’ve already defeated a demon general. With

that alone, I believe you have already accomplished your duty sufficiently. I

do not think anyone would frown upon you withdrawing from battle at this

time.”

What he was saying was too good to be true. Hatsumi couldn’t agree.

“No. Though I sincerely appreciate the thought, I can’t resign myself

from this battle.”

“I see... Then so be it. Though you must know your battles with the

demons will increase exponentially from here on out if you take this path.

We will offer you all the support we can, but Hero-dono, do be careful.”

After acknowledging Hatsumi’s plans, the king looked to Weitzer.

“Weitzer, take care of Hero-dono.”

“Understood.”

Weitzer lightly bowed his head. Both of them were being overprotective.

Judging that concluded this part of the conversation, however, Hatsumi

moved on to the next topic.

“As I mentioned before, Your Majesty, there is one more matter I’d like

to discuss with you.”

“What is it?”

“It concerns the case of the intruder who came into my room the other

night.”

The smiling king immediately grimaced when he heard those words.

“I can do naught but apologize for that, I’m afraid. I’m expecting to hear

good news soon, but that nefarious bandit has yet to be caught. The soldiers

are actively patrolling and sweeping the city, but I hear neither hide nor hair

of him has been found so far. We’ll extend the search to neighboring towns

next, so I must ask for your continued patience. We’ll devote everything we

can to apprehending the criminal. I assure you that your personal security is

of our utmost concern.”

“No, I didn’t mean that, Your Highness. I’d like you to stop fussing over

it.”

“...What do you mean?”

“He came to visit me again last night.”

“What?!” the king gasped, his complexion paling in an instant.

“Wait, seriously?!” Gaius exclaimed.

“That man again?! Just where did he...” Weitzer nearly shouted before

trailing off.

Hatsumi’s confession was so startling that Gaius and Weitzer both forgot

their place and reacted quite loudly. Though she said nothing, even Selphy

looked disturbed.

“There’s no need to worry, everyone. I’m okay.”

Though Hatsumi said there was no cause for concern, the king was

unable to shake off his agitation.

“H-Hero-dono... are you truly alright?”

“Yes. If he came to me with ill intent, Your Majesty, then I wouldn’t be

standing before you now.”

“That is true, but... Just what were the palace guards doing?”

The king was a bit irked, and was making a deliberately sour expression.

This was now the second time the palace had been breached. Any king

would be displeased. Seeing the surrounding soldiers trembling, Hatsumi

could only feel sorry for them. And then, though belatedly, the king seemed

to understand what she was saying.

“So, Hero-dono, do you mean for me to overlook the intrusion?”

“Last night he came to visit me, and we talked. In the end, it does truly

seem he is one of my acquaintances.”

“I have also heard that the intruder claimed to be a good friend of yours,

but how can that be when you were summoned from a different world?”

“Apparently he was brought here by the summoning in Astel.”

“Hmm... It’s possible, certainly, but a rather extraordinary tale indeed. Is

there a reason you believe this man?”

“The movement of his mouth. Even speaking with you as I am now,

Your Majesty, I hear the words you use translated into my own language.