Moon

As the stars glistened in the heavens above, a faint blue light traced an

empty circle in the air. It was like a black lacquer plate was suspended in

the sky.

“On the night of a new moon, never compete against a swordsman.”

As a magician, Suimei’s father had had his share of run-ins with all

manner of sword masters. And on this night, Suimei was reminded of a

warning his father had told him to never forget. Swords were excellent

reflectors of moonlight. In direct moonlight, it was almost like they were

aglow with the killing intent of the wielder. At just the right moment, you

could literally see the arc the blade traced in the air as it came in for the

finishing blow. Needless to say, it was a different story on the night of the

new moon. Neither artificial light nor the light given off by the glow of

mana revealed the flicker of a sword quite the same way. And so, without

the natural light of the moon, a master swordsman’s blade was practically

invisible at night.

And in a world like this where the nights were especially dark, it was

easy enough to predict how any such fight would go down. Hoping that his

second encounter with Hatsumi wouldn’t come to that, Suimei looked up at

the deep, dark sky with a worried expression. For you see, on this moonless

evening, Suimei was planning to sneak into the palace once more.

Descending from the tall spiked wall, he softly landed in a hedge inside

the palace grounds. After looking around, he came to realize the place was

actually quite enormous. There was the main building, three separate

annexes with gardens, the barracks for the guards, and a chapel separated

by some woods. Taking a tour of the entire place very well may be an all-

day affair.

Things would have been a little easier if he’d known where he was

going, but his destination was different from his last visit. He also had to

worry about whether or not Hatsumi would be alone now. After last time,

she would likely be a lot more vigilant. It was easily possible she had an

escort with her, but Suimei would just have to find out for himself.

“Welp, Liliana said she goes out to a watering hole alone at night...”

If that was true, things shouldn’t be all that difficult. But the grand

palace of Miazen was the height of luxury—it had two watering holes. And

Suimei would have to investigate both.

While thinking things over, Suimei hid himself behind a tree. It wasn’t

really necessary considering he was already using magicka to disguise his

presence, but he could hardly help it. It was human nature to carry oneself

according to the mood of the situation.

There were soldiers posted sporadically around the well where a maid

was currently drawing water. It seemed this location was frequented by all

sorts of people, so Suimei quickly discounted it. If Hatsumi went out to be

alone, it was hard to imagine she’d come to such a popular place to do it.

However...

“A watering hole, huh? Just what is she coming out to a place like this

for anyway?”

The first thing that came to mind was getting a drink, naturally. But

surely there would be servants waiting on her every need as long as she was

staying in the castle. As Suimei had just seen, drawing water was clearly a

maid’s job—not a hero’s. The only other thing he could really think of...

“Using water for sword training... Maybe?”

Suimei wasn’t too familiar with the ways of the blade, but he could think

of a couple of different ways water might come in handy while practicing.

She might even be using it for something like resistance training. That

would also explain why she wanted to be alone. It was natural to seek

solitude for training. But that left Suimei with another worry.

“She’ll be armed and ready, so if I’m careless... Even though we’ll

finally have a chance to be alone together...”

Not realizing what he said could easily be interpreted the wrong way,

Suimei jumped up onto the closest roof. With the help of his flight magicka,

he landed silently and then ran along the rooftop while scanning the ground

below. He moved away from the main complex and headed towards the

second watering hole near the chapel, which was reserved strictly for the

royal family.

The spring was surrounded by a tall grove of trees, as if to conceal it

from the rest of the palace. It was rather solitary and the patrols in this area

were scarce, making it the ideal place to come if someone wanted to be

alone. All that was left was for Suimei to find Hatsumi.

“Ah, crap. Looks like they do come out here...”

Just as he jumped down from the rooftop, Suimei spotted a single female

guard headed in the same direction. He hurriedly concealed himself and

thought about putting her to sleep, but ultimately decided to save his

magicka. Surely one patrolling guard wouldn’t be an issue in such a large

area. But speaking of, Suimei couldn’t see anything resembling a spring

from where he landed.

“So... it’s behind the chapel?”

Suimei muttered to himself as he watched the guard walk off. He then

stealthily moved around the building and came upon a stone wall made

quite differently from those of the chapel. It seemed to serve as a divider of

some sort, but with the side of it wide open, it wasn’t exactly doing a good

job of keeping anything out.

From just on the other side of the wall, Suimei could hear the splashing

sound of water—much more of it and much louder than he’d expected. The

noises came at irregular intervals, making it clear there was someone there.

After confirming that nobody else was nearby, Suimei slipped through

the gate-like hole in the wall. Just beyond it, there was a large stone well

with what looked like a drain in the pavement nearby. There was a bucket

suspended from a metal fixture overtop the well, and sitting next to it was...

“...Huh?”

“Huh...?”

Kuchiba Hatsumi, stark naked.

Other than letting out a boneheaded gasp of surprise, Suimei was

completely paralyzed. Bewitched, even. Hatsumi’s rather un-Japanese

golden hair, inherited from her grandfather, was slick with water. Her

glowing skin was dripping wet too. The lines of her body drew stunning

shapes that Suimei couldn’t help but follow with his eyes. Her figure was

captivating. Staring at him in return, Hatsumi made an equally

dumbfounded exclamation. She sat there frozen, still holding a bucket of

water over her shoulder and everything.

Thinking about it logically, this all made perfect sense. Of course there

was a well behind the chapel where people could come to purify their minds

and bodies.

Bathing culture was locked to a single region in this world. Anywhere

outside of that, people preferred just using a wet sponge to wash

themselves. But for someone who was used to the full bathing experience,

that just didn’t feel right. It was perfectly understandable that they’d want to

come out to a well to at least rinse off.

“Um, you know, this is, um...”

Though completely incoherent, Suimei did his best to come up with an

excuse. He wanted to make it clear it hadn’t been his intention to peep on

her. Nevertheless, it seemed that was how Hatsumi had taken it. It looked

like she was about to scream.

“You per—”

“W-Wait a sec!”

Knowing anyone who heard her would come running, Suimei made a

dash for Hatsumi. After warding off the bucket she threw at him, he

grappled her.

“Urgh!”

“W-Wait! Please quiet down! I’m begging you!”

Suimei skillfully slipped around behind her and grabbed her. To prevent

her from raising her voice, he covered her mouth with his right hand. The

suddenness of it all made them lose their balance, and they both fell

backward onto their butts. But Suimei wasn’t at all concerned about that.

No, with a guard still patrolling the area, his full attention was on trying to

keep a panicked woman from screaming bloody murder in the middle of the

night.

As soon as that happened, it would be all over. The first guard would

show up, then another and another until the situation devolved into a repeat

of last time. It would completely squander his only real chance to talk to

Hatsumi, so Suimei wanted to avoid it no matter what. Hatsumi, however,

was naturally none too happy about the situation. She was squirming as best

she could to try and escape his grasp. Suimei tightened his grip around her

with his left arm. He was focusing his magic on trying to form a barrier, so

all he had to hold Hatsumi back with was his own strength.

“Mm! Mmmph!”

“Like I’ve been saying, just spare me the violence...”

“Mmm— Hom!”

“Ow! Shit, just a little more...”

Suimei did his best to frantically invoke his magicka. He’d been careless

—it was what he should have just done in the first place. But there was no

point in kicking himself over it now. He had to focus on deploying the

Phantom Road immediately.

Forming the barrier took most of Suimei’s concentration. When it was

finally completed, Hatsumi seemed to have calmed down a bit. She’d

stopped struggling, at least. And with the barrier now isolating them from

the outside world, Suimei let out a sigh of relief as he let go of Hatsumi’s

mouth.

“Sorry ’bout that. I had no...”

“You had no choice?! Pervert!”

Suimei was still holding her, but Hatsumi didn’t hesitate to reproach him

with the same vigor she’d just used to bite him.

“S-Say what you will, but I had no idea you were out here like this...”

“Enough! Now let me go! Just how long are you planning on grabbing

my breast, you idiot?!”

“What—?”

Hearing those words, Suimei finally realized just what kind of position

he was in. He’d been so utterly focused on grabbing her that he failed to

notice that his left hand had taken a firm hold of her breast. It took him a

few seconds to take stock of the situation. Then a few more to put his

thoughts in order. Realizing that he was taking way too long to react,

Suimei turned completely red. He quickly let go and jumped back. Now

that he thought about it, he thought he’d grabbed something soft when he

tightened his grip on her...

“S-S-S-S-Sorry!”

“I bet you are, you pervert! First you sneak into my room in the middle

of the night, and now you’re sneaking up on me while I’m bathing so you

can grope me! If that isn’t the behavior of a total creep, I don’t know what

is!”

“Yikes!” Suimei replied in a hysterical voice. “I-I-I don’t have any

argument there...”

In a most uncharacteristic fashion, he meekly got on his hands and knees

to apologize. Hatsumi, meanwhile, was finding it hard to take a stance

while keeping herself covered. With just her arms and hands, she was doing

her best to make herself decent, though it wasn’t quite working out. She had

one arm over her chest, but didn’t seem to notice the two flashes of pink

slipping out from under it. Seeing her cheeks bashfully turn bright red as

she glared at him, Suimei finally realized what he could do.

“U-Um, please take these...”

Suimei humbly went to get her clothes that were hanging nearby and

handed them to her. He kept his gaze cast downward to keep himself from

inadvertently looking at anything, but just to be on the safe side, he kept his

eyes squeezed shut too. Hatsumi took her clothes from him, but remained

on guard.

When he could no longer hear the sound of rustling clothing, Suimei

finally lifted his head. At worst, he might be cut down on the spot, but it

didn’t seem like she had her sword at hand. Maybe it was actually a good

thing he’d stumbled upon her while she was bathing. When he looked up at

Hatsumi, she was looking around dubiously.

“I screamed quite a bit... Is no one coming?”

“This area has been isolated via magicka now. You can scream all you

want, but no one’s going to hear you.”

“In other words, you think you’ve caught me?”

Hatsumi gave Suimei a look sharper than any knife. Even her tone was

considerably pointed. Suimei raised both his hands in the air as if to plead

his innocence.

“I mean, it’s not like I have any intention of harming you...”

“I think you’ve already done enough harm already.”

“I’m sorry. I apologize. Please forgive me. That part wasn’t on purpose.”

Suimei prostrated himself and apologized in as many ways as he could