would be no mean feat. But Suimei didn’t look worried.

“Ridiculous. Even if you try and go around them, it is not like you can

escape their reach.”

“Well, that’s obvious just looking at their numbers.”

Hearing Suimei agree with him, Weitzer’s bewilderment only

strengthened. Suimei then stepped forward as Gaius’s voice chased after

him, hot on his heels.

“Hey, are you even listening to us, lad?!”

“I can hear you loud and clear. So... I need all of you to stand back a

bit.”

“Ah?”

Gaius too only grew more puzzled at Suimei’s response. Without

another word, Suimei continued walking forwards. As if flipping open a

coat, he flung his arm out, and his normal green clothing changed to a black

suit in an instant.

On one hand, Weitzer and Gaius watched on in absolute befuddlement,

and on the other, Felmenia, Lefille, Liliana, and Rumeya obediently stepped

back as they were told. And then...

“Abreq ad Habra...”

[Hurl your thunderbolt even unto death...]

Suimei’s voice quietly resounded in the skies above. And before long,

the inhuman shriek of a woman swept across the battlefield.

★

“There aren’t any flowers, huh?”

Focused on the demons flying through the air and running across the

ground, Rumeya stabbed her swords into the earth. She only had two hands,

but the number of swords exceeded that. She had one for each of her golden

tails, seven in total. Like a blooming flower, she stood proud in the middle

of her circle of swords. She stretched out her arms lightly to the point where

she was just barely touching the swords around her with the tips of her

fingers, and stood there quietly as she waited.

There were no allies anywhere nearby. If they got even a little bit too

close to her, they would get caught in her sword techniques. There was a

tacit understanding between her and those who accompanied her on the

battlefield. Only her enemies would get close to her. And approach they did.

Before long, the demons who were gunning for her came flying in like

falling meteors.

“My goodness, even animals have brains. So why is it that these fools

who know nothing of elegance rush into their deaths?”

Lying in wait, Rumeya let out a tedious sigh. The first demon that

crossed her fell to the ground in eight pieces. Before anyone knew what was

happening, her arms were crossed. It was like the afterimage of her having

drawn and slashed with all seven swords. A whole crowd of demons came

in next. There were ten, maybe twenty of them. But they too all splattered

to the ground around her in a shower of blood and a flash of gold and silver.

The Bloody Art of the Fallen Flower. Everything around her was cut to

pieces in the blink of an eye, and the bloody pattern on the ground around

her looked like a camellia blossom. This was how she’d gotten her title.

Watching Rumeya practice her art in full bloom, Lefille let out a sigh of

admiration.

“As expected of Rumeya-dono. That was splendid sword handling.”

“That’s enough flattery. I don’t wanna hear it.”

“It isn’t just flattery.”

“What’re you saying? You know I can’t move while I’m doing this.

That’s why I lost to a human at the Seven Sword Kings festival.”

Rumeya spoke humbly of herself, but Lefille shook her head.

“Even so, it doesn’t change the fact that your sword technique is

beautiful.”

“Well, that’s obvious.”

Rumeya lived to make the flower of swords bloom on the battlefield.

Weitzer, who was also looking over from nearby, spoke up in admiration.

“As long as you’re here, Sasanqua-dono, it feels like having the strength

of a hundred soldiers.”

“You’re also going to flatter me, prince? Gimme a break.”

“Hardly. It’s simply fact that you’re the one holding the line right now.”

Things were still overall at a standstill, but it was Weitzer’s opinion that

the fact that the demons were no longer slipping through their ranks was

because of Rumeya. Perhaps “wishful thinking” was more accurate.

“Nah. I’m pretty sure most of ’em were blown away at the start.”

“Th-That...”

Weitzer fumbled for words, but Rumeya couldn’t tell what he was

thinking. Despite witnessing Suimei’s power, Weitzer couldn’t honestly

admit to it. He’d watched as Suimei singlehandedly walked up to the line of

demons blocking the path to the northeast, muttered a few words, and

unleashed a devastating amount of mana.

There was a grand ultramarine magic circle and an enormous bust of

what looked like a woman. Anyone caught in it could only catch glimpses

of it, but a tempest poured lightning down onto the wastelands. That

lightning spread out and snatched up everything within its reach. Even the

smallest tendril of it manifested power far beyond the understanding of the

people of this world. And then, the pale blue light cast by the lightning

blasted away everything in its grasp—including the vast majority of the

demons on the right flank of their army. A lone figure had then gone

running through the path created by the lightning.

“Thanks to that, I’m able to take it easy here. Same goes for you too,

right?”

“...”

Rumeya looked back at him, but Weitzer only frowned and averted his

gaze. With that, she finally seemed to sense something.

“Oh dear, is that what it is? I see. In that case, you really can’t honestly

assess him... Well, setting that aside, just how long do you plan on sitting

there, Larsheem’s General?”

“I’m exhausted after taking care of the soldiers coming all the way here.

I bet you don’t care though. But since you’re all here now, it’ll all work out

one way or the other.”

Gaius threw up both hands as he remained seated. He was being

purposefully lazy, but it was something he could only do because he knew

the true power of his allies.

“Anyway, your technique is as terrifying as ever. I don’t know whether

it’s ’cause your tails are in the way or what, but I can’t read your

movements at all. As one would expect of the esteemed second sword

master of the Seven Swords,” said Gaius before turning to Weitzer. “So,

what does the esteemed fifth sword master of the Seven Swords think?”

“Is that sarcasm?”

“Naaah!”

Gaius replied frivolously to Weitzer’s glare, who then replied with

sarcasm of his own.

“If you do not even have the energy to stand up, then be silent. I will at

least let you be my herald.”

“My glory days are really over, huh? It’s the end of the road for me if

some brat’s telling me that.”

As the two of them were joking with each other, Rumeya turned to

Lefille.

“It’s your turn next, Lefi. It’s been a while—bewitch me with those

skills of yours.”

“After seeing your techniques just now, my sword will only seem

boorish.”

Despite her humble words, Lefille walked to the front. After Rumeya

had mercilessly cut down their vanguard, the next line was faltering and

keeping their distance. But even then, it was quite a large group of them.

“Sasanqua-dono, who is that girl?” Weitzer asked.

“Hmm? Oh, Lefi? That child is the daughter of a swordsman I admire.”

She spoke nostalgically, but Weitzer still sounded dubious.

“I understand that you trust in her skills, but is this really a situation

where you should be standing by and watching?”

“What are you saying, Cloud of Death? The battlefield is the garden

where sword masters bloom, no? Do you intend for me to clip that bud

before it can— Whoa, goodness me! That child really had a dreadful

amount of pent up anger, huh?”

As Rumeya was talking, an unbelievable bloodlust swept through the

atmosphere.

“This is...”

It was without a doubt Lefille’s. Weitzer felt a chill run down his spine

as he imagined himself being cut to pieces. Behind him, Gaius was

muttering in an astonished voice.

“...It’s like we don’t even have any ground to stand on anymore...”

Lefille then challenged the demons before her.

“Hear me, demons! You shall become a mist of blood and vanish before

my sword forged by the spirits!”

She was shouting in a thunderous voice. Her war cry was accompanied

by a whirl of red wind, and froze each of the demons in place. Then, in the

blink of an eye, she began rendering them to paste with her sword. It could

only be described as a massacre. Against opponents that could not run,

fight, or even move, it was a completely one-sided display of excessive

violence. In mere moments, she had taken out an entire group of demons.

“Gala Valner.”

[Mountain Breaker.]

Her voice was quiet, but the phenomenon that followed it was explosive.

Her large sword became cloaked in a red wind, and she swung it with all

her might. That red wind then became a shockwave that rushed towards the

demons. Naturally, there was nothing they could do to stop it. All they

could do was welcome their deaths. As if burned by a scorching heat, their

bodies were reduced to mere ash.

Lefille then charged through the hole she’d opened up in the demons’

formation and devoted all her energy to swinging her sword. Demons flew

through the air in all directions. Or, at least, pieces of them. Even a

monstrous demon large enough to take up one’s entire field of vision was

easy prey for her. After piercing its stomach with a single strike from her

sword, she swept to the side. The beast was extravagantly split in two, and

crushed the other demons below it as both halves tumbled to the ground.

They were unable to see Lefille’s expression within that red wind.

However, without a doubt, as long as her blue eyes were shining like the

afterimage of lightning, her wrath was righteous indignation that the

demons would never be able to escape.

“To think a sword master like that would still be in the north...”

Other than that, Weitzer was at a loss for words. Felmenia, Suimei, and

now this swordswoman... If a general was worth a thousand soldiers, these

people were truly the stuff of legends. Their worth on the battlefield was

immeasurable.

“As one would expect of an acquaintance of Camellia Sasanqua,

Empress of the Sword Dance... It’s a relief, honestly.”

“No, it’s dangerous.”

“What do you mean?”

Rumeya suddenly made a sour expression as she clenched her jaw.

Gaius and Weitzer then turned towards her with puzzled expressions.

“It may look compelling to you guys, but I can only see a sword of

complete desperation in that red wind.”

Gaius once more looked over at Lefille, but he was unable to see what

Rumeya was talking about.

“I don’t see anything dangerous ’bout it? She’s dodging their attacks and

hasn’t been hit, right?”

“Certainly, that’s true.”

“So what gives?”

“This is all oh-so precarious. But you know, after watching her fight like

that without any pause at all, I must say she understands the limits of her

stamina well. Though she seems to have forgotten the dangers of fighting

on thin ice like this. Even if she isn’t just a human, she’s the child of one,

after all...”

Hearing Rumeya’s words, something finally clicked for Gaius.

“Ah, yeah, I see what you mean.”

“You understand?” Weitzer asked, puzzled.

“Were you listening? At a glance, that little lady looks like she’s fighting

perfectly safely. It’s true that those demons ain’t shit to her, but it doesn’t

change the fact that she’s running wild without any concern for her own

wellbeing. Just look at the way she’s fighting without any concern for

defense. She can’t even think of it right now she’s so focused. But if she

keeps this up, it’ll only get more dangerous. That’s why you’re supposed to

keep your head on in a fight. But not this little lady here...”

“My goodness, to think I didn’t see through this earlier... Is this also

because that boy was near Lefi?” Rumeya wasn’t speaking to anyone in