“Hey, wait, you’re not gonna save me?!”

“I’m still... busy.”

“No way! Helping me just a little won’t put you out, right?!”

As Suimei kept hounding her, Liliana let out a deliberately loud

exasperated sigh. And then...

“Suimei... The moment Lefille returned to her original form... this was

inevitable. It... should’ve been obvious. Not being able to deal with it

despite that... is squarely your fault.”

“In what way was this obvious?!”

“That part of you... is just like the Colonel...”

In the end, Liliana criticized Suimei as she looked at him with a half-

closed eye. Meanwhile, Felmenia and Lefille’s battle was still continuing.

“Suimei-dono!”

“Suimei-kun!”

“I got it! I got it, so both of you calm down a little! If you keep causing a

ruckus, it’ll bother the other passengers!”

In the end, Felmenia and Lefille kept at it until they arrived at the

fortress on the national border.

★

In the northwest region of the continent, though the temperature was

cold enough for it to be winter, there wasn’t the dampness or dryness one

would expect of the season. The climate was at a relative equilibrium and

the weather was quite calm. However, it was said that dragons lived in the

craggy mountains and forests filled with black trees. A great deal of the

terrain here was too harsh for people to live in, so compared to other

countries, the amount of land untouched by human hands was considerably

larger.

After disembarking from the cowhorn-drawn vehicle at the national

border, Suimei and his party crossed the bridge, and without any problems,

were let through the fortress on the Alliance side. They were now visiting

their first town in the first country they came to of the Saadias Alliance.

Clouds were scattered about overhead. It wasn’t quite a perfectly clear sky,

but it was just as pleasing to the eye and just as pleasant to travel under. The

blowing wind was chilly, despite it being the season of this world’s calendar

where it should be quite hot, so it was rather relaxing.

The town they found themselves in was quite unlike the imperial capital

and the other towns of the Empire where houses were colored based on

their district. So without any sort of system to their coloring, the buildings

here were vibrant. Even their shapes varied with their triangular, flat, and

even gabled roofs. Overall, it gave the town a fun and gentle atmosphere.

The space between houses was also quite wide, and there was a generous

amount of vegetation planted between them. The flat shaved stone that

made up the sidewalks was visible once in a while, but there seemed to be

more greenery than stone anywhere you went. It was perhaps because they

were only in a remote town far away from the country’s city center, but

Suimei’s impression of the Alliance so far was that it gave off more of a

pastoral feeling than a fantasy one.

“So this is an Alliance town...”

Looking at the ornaments decorating the buildings all about the town as

well as at the people going about their daily lives, Suimei was somewhat

enchanted. The Alliance appeared to be different from both Astel and

Nelferia in several ways. As if to confirm his impression, Liliana chimed in.

“To be precise... this town is in the Alliance nation of Grafille. The

Alliance is unlike Astel, Nelferia, and the self-governed state... in that it’s

made up of a collective of five different countries.”

“So this is just part of the Alliance, huh?”

While talking about such things with Liliana, Suimei casually glanced to

his side and spotted Felmenia looking around excitedly at their

surroundings just like he was. Suimei couldn’t help but call out to his fellow

comrade who was entranced by the appearance of the houses and the mana

lamps hanging along the roads.

“Feels different to you too, huh, Menia?”

“Ah, yes. This is my first time in the Alliance, so I was just a little

curious... At any rate, the Alliance is quite different from Astel and Nelferia,

don’t you think?”

Felmenia became somewhat bashful upon realizing her childlike

excitement had been exposed. Liliana then stepped in to explain the nature

of the nation.

“Since long ago... the Alliance people have strived to live in harmony

with nature and the local flora and fauna. So unlike the Empire... they don’t

specialize in construction or manufacturing. But the Alliance feels

somewhat relaxing... I like it.”

Certainly, it seemed like a place where the people had an appreciation

for nature. The same went for Liliana, who stretched her arms out wide to

either side and took a deep breath. In fact, everyone here—even the locals

—seemed like they were taking it all in and relaxing. Suimei then looked at

Lefille. She had a composed appearance that wasn’t all that different from

her usual self.

“But it doesn’t seem like it’s your first time here, huh, Lefi?”

“No, it’s not. I recall visiting the Alliance as a child.”

“So it hasn’t really changed since then?”

“Not really. I believe that time flows as it pleases in places like the

Alliance, so I don’t think much at all has changed.”

Lefille slightly raised the brim of her wide hat as she spoke. Perhaps she

was feeling nostalgic about her first visit to the Alliance. Now that she was

back in her adult form, Suimei could once again appreciate the elegance in

her bearing and all her gestures. Lefille then lowered her gaze and looked at

Liliana.

“But that aside, it seems Lily is quite knowledgeable about the

Alliance.”

“To be informed of the state of affairs in neighboring countries... is the

duty of the intelligence division. Moreover... I infiltrated it before with the

colonel.”

“That is to say... you performed some kind of reconnaissance?”

Liliana gave a nod at Felmenia’s question. It seemed that, thanks to her

time in the army, she had quite a lot of worldly knowledge and experience.

With Liliana’s magic abilities, there was very little she wasn’t capable of.

Despite being rather young, she’d even survived the carnage of battle.

Suimei and the others continued to talk about the Alliance as they

walked down the street. Coming around a corner, they could hear some kind

of speech being delivered in a loud voice down the stone pavement a ways.

When they looked, they could see two men in white religious garments

complaining to an audience about the Goddess.

“Oh children of man born in this world! Now is the time to cast aside

your faith in Alshuna!”

“Yes! Now that the demons are approaching, not only must we unite in

front of the menace closing in before our eyes, but we must also release

ourselves from the fetters that bind us!”

The two men in white were both speaking to their audience, artfully

alternating between the two of them. They were making grand gestures and

had quite a presence. But it seemed there weren’t many people stopping to

listen; the crowd gathered at the side of the street was rather sparse.

Presumably the lack of enthusiasm was because of the content of their

speech. They were selling contempt for the Goddess Alshuna, the deity with

the largest following in this world. Most passersby likely thought the whole

affair was shady, and wouldn’t give more than a passing glance as they

went about their business.

“...What’s with that?”

Suimei stopped and made an odd face as he tilted his head to the side.

Following up on that, Felmenia and Lefille also looked at them with a

puzzled expression.

“I wonder... It’s the first time I have ever seen such a thing.”

“Same for me. Good grief, to think that they would criticize the Goddess

in this kind of public place... Saying such things on the land blessed by the

Goddess is simply outrageous.”

Lefille was seething. As a particularly religious person, she seemed to

take great offense at what was happening, though that was probably true for

most of the people witnessing it. Faith in the Goddess Alshuna and the

teachings of the Church of Salvation served as a spiritual and moral

foundation for the people of this world, after all. But thinking of it like that,

Suimei thought it was strange that people would come to give a speech like

this in the first place.

Liliana then narrowed her sleepy left eye even further as she gazed at

them.

“That’s... the Anti-Goddess Cult.”

“Anti-Goddess Cult?”

“It’s a religious group that has been gaining followers in the five nations

of the Alliance as well as the self-governed state... Their fundamental

teachings largely emulate those of the Church of Salvation... but they’ve

adopted the belief that freeing themselves from the divine protection of the

Goddess will allow the seed known as humanity to flourish... And so they

urge the people to abandon their faith in Alshuna... They also largely

criticize the widespread use of magic and the oracles.”

“For this world where magic is so mainstream, you’d think that kind of

thing would get weeded out right away...”

“It seems... it does not go unchallenged. I hear that every once in a

while... they end up in skirmishes with the followers of the Church of

Salvation... but the church is still unable to sever the enrollment of new

members.”

“Hmm...”

It seemed that just by opposing the system, the cult had a certain appeal

to it. Would-be iconoclasts that derived a sense of purpose out of banding

together to stand against the status-quo seemed to crop up just about

everywhere. There were also states that created such organizations to harass

enemy nations, so it wasn’t completely baffling to Suimei on that level. But

taking into consideration the status-quo of this world revolved around the

Goddess, one wrong move might turn the whole world against them. An

organization like this had probably come into the limelight in the chaos of

the demon invasion.

“The Goddess is not protecting us! For her own benefit, to guarantee her

own interests, she is only pretending to protect the world!”

“The words of the Goddess are a poison that corrodes humanity! If you

listen to her words blindly as you are now, mankind will never flourish! We

will remain the slaves of the Goddess for all of eternity! Therefore, now is

the time to act! We must flee from our dance atop the Goddess’s palm!”

Suimei was still watching the two men give their impassioned speech as

he closely scrutinized them.

“They’re not denying the Goddess’s existence, just saying people

shouldn’t follow her. Since the existence of magic proves the existence of

the Goddess in this world, I suppose that explains their stance...”

However, this kind of tactic was occasionally used to prop up the

existence of another god by promoting whatever teachings sounded good.

To tear followers away from one religion, it was fastest and easiest just to

make up another for the people to cling to. But from what Suimei could

hear, these men weren’t actually encouraging the people to change their

beliefs, so he couldn’t tell what kind of benefit they were trying to get out

of this. All he really knew was that those words—“we cannot believe in the

Goddess” and “we must run away”—felt very weighty to him.

“Suimei-dono? Is something the matter?”

“No, it’s nothing. So, what should we do from... Well, there’s one thing

to take care of before that. Shall we do something about lunch first?”

Liliana, Felmenia, and Lefille agreed with Suimei’s proposition.

“I’m also... hungry.”

“Then where shall we go?”

“It’s right in the middle of lunchtime, so everywhere is likely to be

crowded. Shall we just look around and pick a place at random?”

The three others nodded in agreement with Lefille’s suggestion. After

splitting up to go check out the local restaurants, they fortunately chanced

on a place with vacant seating. The others followed Lefille inside. Just as

they’d seen from the window, there was a place available for them, and they

were guided to a table that was a little large for the four of them.

At a glance, the restaurant with a largely wooden interior appeared to be

the kind of place you could find anywhere. But looking closely, there were

empty barrels and things everywhere you looked. The tables and chairs

were made out of repurposed barrels, and even the mana lamps were made

out of empty bottles. There was quite an elaborate, thoughtful design to the

place that rivaled what Suimei would expect of the modern world. They

asked for whatever the waiter recommended when he came to take their

order, and the food came out in short order.

Not long after, Suimei and the others were relishing their food and