“Selphy!” Hatsumi called after her.

“Hatsumi, please step back. I will corner this man with offensive

magic.”

“What? But...”

“Hero-dono, this way,” offered Weitzer.

It seemed Selphy was worried Hatsumi would get caught in the

crossfire. But she stood there dumbfounded when she heard Selphy say she

intended to use offensive magic. That was where Weitzer stepped in and

escorted her to the rear line. The mage known as Snowstorm, Selphy

Fittney, then stepped forward brimming with mana.

“Like I’ve been saying...”

“And after all this, do you really think you’ll get off so easily?”

“Hahh... But you guys started it, didn’t you?”

Suimei couldn’t help sighing. But he didn’t move. Even though Selphy

was steadily approaching, he only sluggishly turned to face her. He wasn’t

gathering his mana, chanting a spell, fleeing, or even preparing his

defenses. On the other hand, Selphy pointed her large staff directly at him.

“Oh Wind! Thou art the power of eternity. Become a circle...”

As she began to chant, the jewel installed at the tip of her darkwood staff

began to shine.

“The turbulent tyrant, right?” remarked Suimei. “Hmm? Seems the scale

is quite large too.”

Just from the opening of the chant, it seemed he had grasped not only

the spell, but also its magnitude. He sighed a little, a bit impressed, but still

didn’t move. Was he just slow? Or... perhaps he just felt he had no reason to

hurry?

“The circle of tyranny. The uncountable destruction born from the air,

rush towards my enemy with your righteousness. Loud Tyrant!”

Once Selphy uttered the keywords, vortices of wind spiraled up from

nothingness with her at their center. They raged and swirled in place,

unmoving aside from their spinning. There were ten... no, twenty of them.

Their numbers continued to grow, and then all at once, they rushed towards

Suimei with a roar.

But at that moment, he began to mumble something and held up his

hand. Several red lights shot out in front of him like strings. Bending at

right angles, the lights turned here and there, piercing through the

whirlwinds at frightening speed. By the time they were closing in on

Selphy, the whirlwinds had died down so dramatically that there was hardly

a breeze in the air.

“Wha—Ugh!”

Selphy’s surprise was interrupted by a gasp of anguish. It seemed the

pain she was suddenly in far overrode the astonishment of seeing her spell

negated. Seeing this, Suimei spoke up.

“You should be a little more wary of having your spells turned. If you

don’t have proper countermeasures in place, this is what happens.”

“Wh-What... did you do?!”

“I simply unraveled the spell. I’ve seen it before, I have to say. So the

reason you’re in pain right now is because, before you could fully manifest

the spell, I forcefully cancelled it.”

As he spoke, Suimei raised his right arm over his head. With that, the

loose pieces of earth he’d shattered in defeating Gaius suddenly rocketed

into the sky. And it didn’t stop there; anything that was lying around on the

ground was sucked upward as well. Quite a large quantity of debris

gathered in the air that was now coiling into a whirlwind. Once it was fully

formed, it hurled the odds and ends it had collected at Selphy with a

vengeance.

“Urgh... Oh Wind. Thou shalt become a firm shield to protect me. Repel

everything with your raging winds. Vortex Blockade.”

Selphy calmly chanted a defensive spell. Wind from all directions

formed a vortex before her, which repelled and scattered the incoming

debris.

“You cast magic without chanting?!” she gasped.

“That just now? You could barely call that magic... I mean, all I did was

lift up some dirt. You could do the same thing with a bulldozer or a power

shovel.”

Rumeya couldn’t understand the last few words he used, but she could

tell from his tone that he was implying what he’d done was nothing special.

The fighting had come to a halt for the moment, yet Suimei still didn’t

move from where he stood. He’d already defeated Gaius. And Rumeya had

heard that when he got serious, he could unleash a string of attacks one after

the other. But perhaps he simply wasn’t interested or engaged right now. He

merely stood there waiting. Selphy, on the other hand, seemed to have no

intention of giving up.

“You leave me no choice. It’s time to get serious.”

“Listen. If you take this further, then it’ll only cause more trouble for—

Okay, she’s not even listening.”

“Oh Wind. Thou art the evil gale that carries the kiss of the frozen

glacier. Blow violently, grow strong, and trap my enemy within your superb

cage. No one and nothing escapes your icy prison, a baptism of the

snowstorm. Ephemeral Razing!”

This was the spell that had earned her the title “Snowstorm.” When she

used it, a hostile storm of snow and ice took the form or a whirling gyre. As

it swirled around Suimei, he stood there like it was perfectly natural. It then

closed in on him, forming a massive prison of ice, snow, and wind. All that

was visible within it was a blanket of pure white.

“It’s over,” Selphy declared coldly.

“Wait, Selphy! This is going too far!”

“There is nothing to worry about, Hatsumi. I held back enough that he

shouldn’t die.”

“B-But...”

“When the snowstorm clears, he will just be incapacitated. All that’s left

is to capture him.”

Selphy had declared that this was the end. Rumeya even saw for herself

that Suimei was engulfed in Selphy’s blizzard, but... what was this cold

sweat still running down her back? And answering her doubts, a faint voice

came from the heart of the malevolent storm.

“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore...”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment...]

“?!”

“No way! He shouldn’t even be able to move his mouth in those

temperatures!”

Hatsumi turned and stared at the icy prison in surprise while Selphy let

out a confounded shout, but the chanting didn’t stop there.

“Parito colluctatione et aestuato. Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox.”

[Give form to death’s agony and burst into flames. Bestow the one who

obstructs me with a dreadful destiny.]

Multiple red magic circles began forming in the air around the prison. In

the center of them all was a particularly large one that seemed to be

hovering right over where Suimei should be standing. Before long, Rumeya

could spot a silhouette deep within the snowstorm. It was faint, but within

its grasp was a bright flame.

“Conluceto. O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus.”

[Shine. Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem.]

The next thing anyone knew, there was an explosion. Flames burst out

of the smaller magic circles, and a large, bright red pillar of flame erupted

from the bigger magic circle that was now revolving at high speed. The

moment the smaller fires met the larger one, they reacted to each other and

detonated into a massive conflagration that blew away the white snowstorm

and dyed the night sky scarlet in its stead.

The wave of heat that surged forth in the aftermath swamped all who

were present, including the hero, her companions, and Rumeya. But the

man who’d authored it was restraining it. The fierce wind and inferno that

should have accompanied the explosion decayed into nothing more than a

warm breeze by his hand.

As the crimson mist cleared away, standing there as if nothing

happened... was none other than Suimei. The ground at his feet was

bubbling like it was boiling. It looked as though he was standing atop a sea

of molten iron. And the very sight of him, completely unfazed despite being

at the epicenter of an explosion that the very earth had been unable to

endure without melting, could only be described as terrifying.

“Ugh...!”

Selphy let out an unpleasant groan as she realized the magic that was her

life’s work had been blown away with but a single spell. In response,

Suimei addressed her in what sounded like an admiring tone.

“You’re called Selphy, right? You’re a pretty capable mage, aren’t you?

The mana loaded into that spell was impressive, and its destructive power

was considerable. It even restrains your target and prevents them from

chanting. Out of all the mages I’ve met here so far, you’re really

something.”

“...Is that supposed to be a compliment?”

“It’s a matter of perspective. You’re nothing compared to Menia as she

is now or that dangerous princess from the Empire. You’ve still got a long

way to go before you catch up to us...”

As Suimei uttered those last few words, he already seemed to be playing

his next hand. The next thing anyone knew, the bodies of the fallen guards

were stirring... but not on their own.

“Wha—”

Before Selphy could even question what was going on, the bodies of the

guards were lifted up into the air and hurled at her. But these were all men

she knew—her allies. That dulled her judgment. The few extra seconds she

spent trying to decide how to stave off her unconscious allies proved to be

fatal.

Choosing to evade instead of using magic, all she could do was throw

herself to the ground. She dove to the side in an attempt to roll away. She

dodged one body, then a second. Her actions weren’t particularly graceful

or dexterous, but she was still able to outmaneuver the slow-moving bodies.

“Did you think such an attack would be able to defeat—”

“Nah, not at all. But this isn’t an attack.”

“What...?”

After continual dodging, Selphy made it all the way to Suimei’s right

flank. But little did she realize she was now exactly where he wanted her.

Suimei thrust out his right hand in her direction, his thumb and middle

finger pressed together. It was like he’d guided her there, expected her to be

there—he didn’t even have to look. And then, just like that, a snap rang out

in the nighttime courtyard. With it, the air in front of Selphy’s eyes

exploded. Perhaps from the concussive force of it, she immediately

collapsed on the spot, seemingly unconscious.

“Selphy...”

Seeing her trusted companion utterly defeated, Hatsumi gasped. She was

seized by the surprise for a brief moment, but then turned a sharp gaze on

Suimei and stepped forward. Seeing her raise her sword against him, the

cold expression Suimei had been wearing suddenly turned bitter.

“I said that I don’t want to fight you.”

As if weighed down by a difficult problem, Suimei put his hand to his

brow and grimaced. With no empathy for his desire to protect a childhood

friend, Hatsumi spoke to him in a challenging, angry tone.

“Did you think I’d stay quiet after my companions were defeated?”

“That just now? That was self-defense. They were the ones that came

after me, and they weren’t playing around. I was just trying to leave, you

know?”

“That’s... But...”

She seemed to understand where he was coming from. Perhaps she did

have a little bit of sympathy for him, but that was overruled by her

indignation for her fallen companions, and she once more turned a critical

eye on him. Suimei couldn’t stand it anymore. His troubled expression

turned stern, like he was rebuking an unreasonable child.

“So what? You’re gonna kill me? That sword you’re wielding right now

doesn’t have a hint of righteousness in it and you know it. If Instructor

Kiyoshiro saw you wielding a sword in direct opposition to the Kuchiba

School’s teachings, you’d be punished immediately, you know?”

“What...? But I...”

“Are you going to use amnesia as an excuse? Stop it. The Hatsumi I

know isn’t that kind of girl.”

Was she overwhelmed by Suimei, or was it that part of her realized he

was right? Hatsumi’s face distorted like she was in pain. At some point, she

even relaxed her fighting stance. When she did, Weitzer stepped between

her and Suimei.

“Silence, you. A mere intruder has no right to instigate Hero-dono.”

“If the third wheel would kindly stay out of this...”

Suimei’s strict attitude crumbled slightly as he sighed in exasperation,