In a fluster, Lefille grabbed the closest thing that caught her eye. It was a

dried object of some sort...

“Hey, wait, isn’t that an animal’s cock? Just what are you going to use

that for?”

“It’s a what...? UWAAAAAAAAH!”

Upon realizing exactly what she was holding in her hand, Lefille fell

into a panic. After flailing about the store for a good minute, she hurried

back over to Suimei. Refusing to give up, however, she picked up

something else.

“Th-Then... this!”

What she had in her hand now looked like a container for cosmetics.

Suimei took it and gave it a sniff.

“This... is probably an aphrodisiac salve.”‘

“...Never mind.”

Lefille hung her head low in defeat. It seemed she couldn’t pick out

something good to save her life.

“Yeah, as I thought, you should give it a rest. This store just isn’t your

pace, Lefi.”

“Hmph... You’re just a bully, Suimei-kun...”

“How did this come back on me?”

Looking up at him with resentment, Lefille was fussing at him like she

would when she was smaller. Suimei couldn’t grasp why she wanted

something so badly that she’d take it this far. With a much better grasp on

what Lefille was going through, however, Liliana tapped on Lefille’s

shoulder.

“Lefille, next time... let’s go to a different store. You can ask Suimei... to

buy you something there. Right, Felmenia?”

“That’s right! Heehee...”

Felmenia replied without even really hearing the question. She still

hadn’t come back to reality yet. Ultimately, it was somewhat strange that

the youngest among them, Liliana, was the most levelheaded.

“Alright! Then the next store will surely be...”

Tightly clenching her fist, it seemed Lefille was suddenly filled with

determination. Oblivious as ever, the out-of-touch Suimei still had no idea

what was going on. His attention was pulled away from the matter,

however, when he realized that the hustle and bustle had increased

substantially outside.

“It’s gotten pretty lively out there.”

Lefille drew closer to the store’s window to take a look for herself.

“The parade is probably about to start. People are moving towards the

main street.”

“Well then, shall we go too?”

The girls agreed, so the four of them took their leave from the store and

made their way toward one of the streets the Alliance’s hero would be

passing down. The parade was just about to get started. The roads were

perfectly clear for the procession, and the sidewalks were packed to the gills

with people, people, and more people.

“Wow, there’s one hell of a crowd. I guess it was like that in the Empire

too...” remarked Suimei as he looked on in astonishment.

“There certainly is an impressive number of people in attendance. It is in

no way inferior to Reiji-dono’s parade,” replied Felmenia.

“Now that you mention it,” said Lefille. “It was quite the crowd there,

wasn’t it?”

It sounded like she was remembering the parade like she’d been there

herself. Suimei was holed up in the castle for most of it, but Lefille had

likely seen it before they met up. She spoke of it admiringly, but also

sounded a bit distant.

“Everyone. It seems... the event is starting,” said Liliana.

“Yeah?” asked Suimei.

“Yes. They’re coming... from over there. The leading party is a group of

four... the hero and her companions.”

Liliana pointed down the street. She had extremely sharp hearing, and

had heard the approaching parade before anyone else. Lefille now sensed

the strong presences of the hero and her party, and squinted her eyes to

make them out in the brilliant afternoon sunshine.

“They’re approaching. They should be here soon.”

“Oh! I can see the leading carriage!”

Just as Felmenia let out a squeal of excitement, a portion of the gathered

masses also began shouting for joy. And soon enough, a well-guarded escort

carriage came into view. Following shortly behind it was a festival float

being pulled by a cowhorn. It had no roof to make it easier for the crowd to

see its passenger... which was a large man waving at the people.

“Huh?! That geezer?!”

Seeing an unexpectedly familiar face, Suimei couldn’t help shouting out

in surprise. Atop the float was the tall, dark-skinned man they’d met at their

first stop in the Alliance: Gaius Forvan.

“That’s... Forvan, right?”

“Wha...? That geezer was seriously one of the hero’s companions?”

Suimei stood there blankly, mouth agape and eyes wide open. Felmenia

observed this curiously. She wasn’t sure what Suimei was so surprised

about.

“Suimei-dono, did you not believe Forvan’s story?”

“Only about half of it.”

He didn’t think Gaius was lying about fighting against the demons, but

he didn’t really think he was one of the hero’s companions. Suimei figured

that it was more likely that he was just a soldier who’d been in the hero’s

company, but...

“But seriously, that geezer is really in high spirits.”

“Indeed he is. He seems to be having a lot of fun... Um, like, really a

lot.”

Felmenia forced an awkward smile. Gaius was enthusiastically smiling

and eagerly waving at everybody. He was an especially gregarious man, so

it wasn’t exactly out of character for him, but it was quite a sight to see a

man his age behaving that way. There was just something about an older

gentleman overcome with excitement on a festival float that was

embarrassing to watch. Suimei had thought something similar back when

they met at the restaurant, but he really seemed like the type of guy to ride

his own hype.

The festival float behind Gaius’s came into sight shortly after. On top of

it was a person wearing a green robe with a hood. Their face was

completely concealed by the hood, but judging from their figure, it was

probably a woman. She was holding a staff made of black wood with a

large gem at the end in one hand and waving in a mild-mannered fashion

with the other.

“A mage?”

“Probably. Her robe and that type of staff are fairly standard gear for

mages in the self-governed state. Though this is the first time I’ve seen such

a large jewel embedded in one...”

Felmenia confirmed Suimei’s suspicions as she curiously observed the

staff. So far, the parade was exactly what one would expect of a hero’s party

—a martial artist bulging with muscles and a stoic mage.

And the next float didn’t disappoint either. It carried a young swordsman

who appeared to be somewhere in his teens. He seemed rather accustomed

to this sort of event, and held a perfect smile on his charming face as he

engaged the people. Based on the fancy clothing he was wearing, Suimei

guessed he must be someone of high social standing. Observing him with

her lone, sleepy-looking eye, Liliana announced his identity to the rest of

the group.

“The first prince of Miazen... Weitzer Ryerzen.”

“My, one of the Seven Swords? To think he would also fight as one of

the hero’s companions...”

It seemed Lefille recognized the name.

“A looker, huh? A prince who’s strong, famous, and good-looking is just

winning at life too much... Like, seriously, that’s cheating. What a scam.”

Suimei looked on at him enviously, but everyone’s attention quickly

turned to the next approaching float. The fourth and final float should be

carrying the summoned hero of the Alliance.

“So what’s our hero going to be like?”

“Gaius-dono said that she was a beautiful woman, no?”

“Indeed he did.”

“Suimei... there. The last float.”

“Ooh, you’re right... Huh?”

Suimei turned to look as soon as Liliana said something, but let out a

puzzled voice when he saw the float.

He doubted his eyes.

For atop the last float was someone very, very familiar to him. It was

indeed a woman, just like they’d heard, but she was wearing the uniform

from a high school in Suimei’s neighborhood. She was clad in a short skirt

with white garters, and donned a scarlet, plated armguard with the mask of

an oni fashioned on top of it. She had long, blonde hair that flowed down

her back, which was parted to one side and kept up with a ribbon. Her jade

green eyes and long eyelashes gave her a youthful look, but based on the

way she carried herself, there was no mistaking her strength.

Suimei could hear a wave of sighs from the crowd, all likely in

admiration of her beauty. She waved to the crowd with one hand, and in the

other, she held a long, curved sword known to Suimei as an uchigatana. It

was all so familiar, but no matter how much he stared, all he could think

was...

There’s no way she could be here...

Indeed, Suimei knew this girl from his own world. It was unthinkable

that she’d somehow ended up in this one. Trying to deny what he was

seeing with his own eyes, Suimei shook his head violently. He couldn’t

believe this was happening, both as her friend and as someone who’d been

forcibly summoned to this world himself.

“What are the odds...?”

To think that not just Reiji and Mizuki, but yet another of his

acquaintances had been summoned here... It wasn’t like it was absolutely

impossible, but the probability was astronomically low. It wasn’t something

that could have just happened by coincidence.

“Suimei-dono?”

Seeing the consternation that had crept over Suimei’s face, Felmenia

called out to him. But Suimei had no time to explain. Paying no mind to his

surroundings, he shouted at the top of his lungs towards the festival float.

“Hey, Hatsumi! It’s me! Hatsumiiiii! Can she not hear me over this

ruckus...? Fuck!”

His voice was drowned out by the crowd, and didn’t reach the girl on the

float—Kuchiba Hatsumi. Suimei cursed out of irritation at things not going

his way, but there was no way he’d just give up there. He once more tried

calling out to her, and then, finally, her eyes fell on him in the crowd of

people.

“Hatsumi...”

But even though she looked right at him, she didn’t seem to notice him.

She just continued looking through the crowd and waving.

“Huh...?”

Suimei was sure she’d be stunned to see him. Surely she should have

called out to him the moment she saw a familiar face. But no... His

expectations completely betrayed, Suimei stood there stock-still,

dumbfounded in the face of the cruel reality he was forced to confront.

Seeing him acting strangely, both Felmenia and Lefille called out to him.

“Suimei-dono? Just what is the matter?”

“That’s quite the expression you have...”

But their anxious voices fell on deaf ears. Suimei couldn’t hear them

right now. His head was somewhere else.

What was going on? How did this happen? Those questions spun in

Suimei’s mind like a dark whirlpool that consumed all his other thoughts

for a while. When he finally came back to his senses, he lifted his head and

looked over at his companions.

“Uh... Let’s go back to the Twilight Pavilion for now. I’ll explain there.”