Certainly, if she were alone, Suimei would at least be able to talk to her.

She might be hostile towards him too, but the chances of things breaking

out into an actual fight would be much lower. Moreover...

“...”

“...Is something wrong?”

Finding Suimei just staring right at her to be rather strange, Liliana

questioned him. But in truth, she was hardly as puzzled as he was. He was

completely stumped as to how she’d managed to gather this kind of

information.

“Nothing. I was just thinking that this is what I should have expected

from a professional.”

Suimei was the one to praise her, but it seemed Felmenia was of the

same mind.

“From now on, should we leave this sort of thing to Lily?”

“Sounds like it. Liliana, do you want a drink?

“Yes. It’s been a while since I talked so much, so my throat is rather

dry...”

She had indeed talked far more than usual today. Not just with Suimei

and the others, but with everyone she’d made contact with while gathering

information. It was probably exhausting, especially for someone like

Liliana. While Suimei called the waiter over and ordered some honey water,

Liliana looked up at him meekly.

“Um, Suimei, was I helpful?”

“Far more than I could have asked for. Thank you.”

“Thank goodness...” she said, a gentle smile on her lips.

The server quickly brought Liliana her honey water, and after that,

Suimei and the girls spent some time relaxing at the teahouse. By the time

they settled their tab and left, the sky was painted red in the hues of the

setting sun that shone down on them brilliantly. They began making their

way back towards their lodgings, happily chatting away as they walked

down the street together. Partway there, however, they spotted two familiar

faces up ahead.

Standing next to each other on the sidewalk were a therianthrope woman

with pink hair, dressed in religious garb, and a girl about Lilliana’s height

who had bright blue hair and something running from her cheek down onto

her neck that looked like a tattoo.

“Oh?”

“Oh my!”

Suimei and the therianthrope’s eyes met, and they both exclaimed at the

completely unexpected coincidental encounter. It was Clarissa, the nun he’d

met at the Church of Salvation in the Empire. And the shorter girl standing

next to her was the dwarf Jillbert Griga.

“Well, if it isn’t Clarissa-san.”

“Well, well, Suimei-sama. What a coincidence, running into you in a

place like this.”

“It’s been a while.”

After Suimei gave her a light bow and a polite greeting, he looked at her

companion.

“And the little... I mean... Jillbert is with you too, huh?”

“Hey, you devious pedophile punk. Were you in the middle of saying

something else? Well? And what’s with dropping the formalities with me,

huh? Huh?”

Quite displeased with Suimei’s manner of speaking, Jillbert glared at

him. Acting like he was sensitive to the steam coming out of her ears,

Suimei waved his hand in front of him.

“Yeah, yeah. Put a sock in it already.”

“Why are you treating Clarissa so differently, anyway?”

“It’s cause you go on and on about me being a pervert all the time. So?

What are you doing all the way out here?”

“It ain’t any of your business. The hell are you doing here?”

Suimei and Jillbert began glaring daggers at each other. Ignoring their

little scuffle, Felmenia politely greeted Clarissa.

“It has been a long time, sister. You were of great help the other day.”

Felmenia thanked her for her help arbitrating at the Twilight Pavilion in

the Empire, and Clarissa returned an equally polite reply.

“Not at all. It really has been a long time as well, silver-haired one.”

“I am Felmenia Stingray. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance,

Sister Clarissa.”

Their conversation couldn’t have been in starker contrast to the spat

going on between Suimei and Jillbert. But something suddenly seemed to

be wrong. Suimei watched curiously as Jillbert’s pupils became tiny dots.

She seemed to be looking over his shoulder.

“Le... fille?”

“Yup... it’s me. It’s been a while, Jill.”

Lefille greeted Jillbert with an awkward smile. Now that Suimei thought

about it, they hadn’t seen each other since before the incidents in the

Empire were resolved. Picking up on this too, Clarissa cocked her head to

the side like she was seeing something unbelievable.

“It’s been a while, sister.”

“Oh... oh my! Oh me, oh my!”

As Lefille greeted Clarissa, Jillbert continued to shout in surprise.

“Y-You’re really Lefille after all?! What does this mean?! When did you

get so big?”

“U-Um, you see...”

“Lefille-chan, in the short while it’s been since we’ve seen each other,

you’ve become quite a lady.”

“No, sister, it’s not really like that. Um...”

Clarissa was playing the fool as she clapped her hands and rejoiced over

Lefille’s sudden growth spurt. Lefille was troubled as to how to deal with

her, but Jillbert couldn’t help cutting in with a quip.

“You stupid cat! That ain’t what this is! Lady or not, no matter how you

look at it, she’s gotten way too big, damn it! Lefille, just what is...”

“There are... It’s complicated. Though I do think I’ve mentioned it

before, Jill.”

“Hm? Hmm...? Aah! Now that you mention it, you were always talking

about your original form or something like that, right? I thought that was all

just a bunch of kid’s nonsense and ignored it though...”

Recalling that Lefille had indeed warned her about something like this,

Jillbert trailed off with a blank look on her face. Of course she’d ignored it

in the past, but seeing her nonchalant attitude without a hint of timidity

now, Lefille’s shoulders drooped.

“You’re really quite cruel...”

“Don’t worry about it! Shouldn’t we just be celebrating your return to

your original form? Well, I gotta say, I am worried about just how big you

got...”

Jillbert went from a cheerful attitude to a frankly despondent one in an

instant.

“Why’s that?”

“Hahh... I mean, my cute little Lefille is now bigger than me, you know?

To think that I won’t be able to savor the inexplicably precious sensation of

holding you anymore...”

“Look who’s the pervert now!” Suimei snorted.

Ever since they’d first met, she’d relentlessly—and unfairly—called

Suimei a pedophile. But to see that she was blind to her own wicked

desires... Jillbert’s expression then suddenly changed, and her face looked

something like a Hannya mask.

“Shut up, you big pervert! It’s fine if it’s me! My heart ain’t tainted like

yours is. As for you, Lefille! Become tiny like you were right this instant!

And then give me a great big hug!”

“Jill! Don’t be unreasonable!”

“It’s not unreasonable! Just do it already!”

“J-Jill...”

As Jill was raising a fuss and making unreasonable demands, Lefille let

out a whimper of a squeal like she was going to cry. It was rather pitiful.

Meanwhile, Liliana—who was standing behind Suimei—observed all of

this like it had nothing to do with her.

“Lefille... has it quite bad, huh?”

When she spoke, it seemed that Clarissa noticed her presence and

cocked her head to the side as she peeked at her.

“Oh? Aren’t you...”

“Ah, um, she’s...”

Suimei couldn’t immediately come up with any clever to say. Since

Clarissa had also spent time living in the Empire, he couldn’t come up with

a good excuse. But it seemed it would have been pointless anyway. Clarissa

knew exactly who she was.

“You are the daughter of Colonel Rogue from the imperial army,

correct?”

Liliana’s eye opened wide.

“Do you... know me?”

“Your father always came to pray at the church with such a serious look

on his face. So yes, in a way, I’m familiar with you.”

“Colonel... did...?”

It seemed that not even Liliana had known about his prayers. But now

that Suimei thought back on it, the first time he’d seen Rogue was leaving

the Church of Salvation. It wasn’t hard to imagine he was the religious type.

It was Jillbert who spoke up next. It seemed she too recognized Liliana,

who was currently looking quite uncomfortable.

“Aah, yeah. Those incidents were really something, huh?” she said,

trying to engage her in friendly conversation to put her at ease.

“No...”

“I also lived in the Empire, you know. If I can be of any help, don’t be

afraid to ask.”

“...Thank you very much.”

Perhaps Jillbert sympathized with her. After Jillbert slapped her

shoulder, Liliana showed her gratitude with a light bow. And as their

somewhat awkward exchange drew to a close, Jillbert looked up at Suimei.

“So? Why’re you guys in the Alliance?”

“We’re sightseeing. After the incidents, we’re taking a little vacation to

unwind.”

“Hmm? It’s quite admirable for a dirtbag like you.”

“I swear, every single word out of your mouth...”

Jillbert smirked. She seemed to be enjoying herself. Suimei returned a

stern look of irritation, his forehead twitching. He had to consider the

possibility he’d be doing everyone a favor by ripping out her forked tongue.

Lefille then joined the conversation.

“So what are you doing here in the Alliance, sister? Jill?”

“We have work on top of sightseeing.”

“Me and Clara go way back. I have dwarf acquaintances in the

weaponsmithing district, so we’re doing our rounds to say hi.”

“I’m here for a church inspection in the Alliance, you see. And since we

both had business here, we came to visit Miazen together.”

“How wonderful.”

After some more idle chatter by the roadside, the two women parted

ways with Suimei’s group and headed north. Suimei looked a little

surprised as he watched them walk off into the evening.

“Well... That was quite the strange coincidence, huh?”

“So it was. I never would have imagined that we were fated to meet the

two of them in Miazen.”

Felmenia agreed with Suimei. As she did, Lefille looked up at the

eastern sky, which had begun to darken.

“We should also be heading back. It’s already dusk.”

“Yes... Let us go.”

With that, Suimei and the girls headed back to their lodgings before it

got completely dark.

★

After separating from Suimei and the others, Clarissa and Jillbert went

deep within the weaponsmithing district to a vacant lot where scrap metal

was being temporarily stored, far, far away from any of the main streets. It

was already well into twilight by the time they made it there. It was right

about the time of day that indoor lights and the mana streetlamps began

cutting on here and there.

Feeling an indescribable sense of nostalgia as she looked up at the

obscured indigo night sky, Jillbert climbed up onto an empty box that

smelled of iron and took a seat.

“Hup!”

Finding a good place to sit and calm herself, Jillbert smiled. Without

thinking of anything, she gazed at the black smoke gushing out from the

chimneys of the smithies. Eventually, she shifted her gaze over to Clarissa,

who for some reason, twisted her face into a gloomy expression.

“...This place is not very comfortable.”