There was a clue regarding the hero summoning ritual in the Saadias

Alliance.

Suimei had discovered this information in the book Felmenia had

brought to him from Astel. And so, together with Felmenia, Lefille, and

Liliana in tow, he departed the capital city of the Nelferian Empire, Filas

Philia, and was now on a journey to the northwest of the continent where

the Saadias Alliance was situated. Right now, they were jostling about in

what wasn’t technically a horse-drawn carriage headed towards the Alliance

from the Empire. The beast that pulled it was a creature with large horns

and long fur that was nearly the size of an elephant. It was known as a

cowhorn.

Modern magician Yakagi Suimei was sitting in the corner of the

cowhorn-pulled vehicle lecturing Felmenia and Liliana about magicka. He

spread out papers he had prepared across the wooden floor of the carriage

while Felmenia and Liliana quietly listened to him talk. Such talks were

completely over Lefille’s head as she was a complete amateur on the

subject matter. As such, she was sitting behind Suimei, humming a song

while polishing her sword.

“...And that’s about it for that topic. Shall we move on to the next?”

“Yes.”

“Very... well.”

Receiving assent from both Felmenia and Liliana, Suimei moved on to

the next topic.

“Then, what I’ll be talking about from here is liturgical reduction of

magicka and its practical use. Liturgy is a technique that takes the complex

processes required to use magicka and simplifies them into simple actions

and short chants. Moreover, it optimizes these processes and shortens the

time it takes to use magicka. It shortens long chants into abbreviated ones,

takes chants which are hard to pronounce and changes them into gestures,

replaces the need for complex gestures with a chant, and so on.”

After pausing briefly to take a breather, Suimei continued.

“The magicka that I use with most frequency is an easy-to-understand

one that uses liturgy: strike magicka. I can manifest its effects by only

snapping my fingers.”

“You mean this, right?”

In demonstration, Felmenia snapped her fingers. Following along,

Suimei lightly snapped his fingers and sent the paper in his hand flying with

a light shock.

“Whenever I’ve used it in this world, people are excessively surprised.”

“In our world, magic is fundamentally something that is invoked by

chanting a spell or keyword and requires the aid of the Elements, after all.”

“Without that... using magic so simply and freely... is completely

counter to the logic of magic in this world... Anyone would be surprised.”

Having only touched upon magicka that defied conventional wisdom,

Liliana was still unused to Suimei’s new theories. She knit her brow and

cocked her head to the side. She’d lived believing that chants were

absolutely necessary. Being taught that that was immutable common

knowledge, of course these people had never come up with something like

liturgy.

“Strike magicka. Originally, the effect was manifested after chanting the

spell, but reciting the chant was replaced with the action of snapping my

fingers. So when I snap my fingers now, it produces the same effect as the

version with the chant. It’s the same spell.”

The two girls were hurriedly scribbling down what Suimei was saying.

After seeing that they finished writing, Suimei continued his explanation on

liturgy.

“By trimming the fat, reducing the information involved, and

simplifying the necessary actions, magicka becomes easier to use. Even in a

situation where one is unable to speak or their movements are restricted,

you can still use magicka. And this part is quite important, but magicka with

many processes can also have its activation time reduced.”

“How do you do that, Suimei?”

“For example, say you have a five verse chant to invoke a spell. The

time it takes to chant those five verses is the time required to invoke the

spell. But say we replace two of those verses with a gesture. That way,

when we recite the spell...”

“I see. The time to cast it is reduced by two verses, right?”

“That’s right. That’s the kind of advantage liturgy gives you.”

Hearing this, Felmenia and Liliana both oohed and aahed.

“But Suimei-dono, even if you shorten the time with liturgy, it doesn’t

change the entropy, right?”

“Yeah, exactly.”

“What do you mean, Felmenia?”

“Shortening the time it takes to cast a spell using liturgy is different

from modern magicka theory where the casting time is shortened by mixing

together different magicka systems. The act of chanting is just substituted

with something else, which means that, in essence, nothing has really

changed about the spell.”

“I see...”

Suimei had previously explained this to Felmenia, and it seemed she’d

properly understood it. It wasn’t all that long ago that he’d begun

instructing her in the ways of magicka. Her ability to grasp things so

quickly made him understand why she was known as a genius mage.

“Well, those are the basics of it, but let’s go back over two thousand

years ago in my world. At that time, in the West, it was popular to perform

speeches to fascinate the audience and persuade others. This was basically

how politics were handled. It became an indispensable technique for those

giving the speeches to skillfully control their intonation and so on to

convince others they were speaking the truth during their speeches. There

was another technique that was also important—do you know what it is?”

“If this concerns speaking, then it would be the ability to memorize the

contents of the speech?”

“Yes, you’re on the mark. To be specific, it’s the ability to correctly pull

out the memorized contents from one’s head, or mnemonics.”

Magicka and memorization. The two girls were unable to see the

connection and were making faces like they didn’t really get it. Observing

this, Suimei continued his explanation.

“For example, when you’re trying to memorize something, performing

some other movement while doing so can make it easier to remember.

When you then perform a similar action later, you remember whatever it

was by association. You’re familiar with this, right?”

“Yes. I have heard of this.”

“Not being able to memorize something is usually attributed to having a

poor memory, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that the brain doesn’t

remember it. People are able to learn things even when they are in an

unconscious state, right? Simply put, not being able to remember something

only means one was unable to pull the information from their head at the

right time. In short, the actions I was talking about before are meant to

support the brain and make accessing such information easier.”

After pausing once more, Suimei returned to the original topic.

“And so, mnemonics end up developing as a technique to recall

memories and information in a form where they can even be incorporated

into magicka. Well, to put it simply, the action helps you remember.”

Felmenia continued from where Suimei left off.

“If we hypothesize that the information stored in one’s head is like

magicka, then not just with chanting, but with motion or gestures, one

would be able to draw out the information from their head, no?”

“Yeah, that’s the way to think about it.”

Suimei gave a very satisfied nod to Felmenia’s comparison. And the

same applied to magicka, too. By performing the same gesture practiced

when memorizing a spell, one would be able to invoke it directly later on.

But hearing all this, Liliana made a face like she was in pain.

“This all sounds... rather farfetched to me.”

“I’m sure it does. However, in my explanation just now, I rushed from

the theory straight to its established result. There was quite a lot of research

in between to connect the dots.”

“Hnnngh...”

As Suimei explained further, Liliana groaned like she still wasn’t fully

convinced. Certainly what he was telling them, taken to the extreme, meant

that magicka could be used just by memorizing it. Liliana was stuck on that.

She knew there was no chance of manifesting something just by recalling it.

“It seems that you’re still clinging to the physical part. That materializes

due to phenomena using unperceivable mystical energy, mystical vectors,

and mystical laws. These are the ‘mysteries’ that we aim to dispel... Don’t

worry about it. Once you start touching on it, you’ll begin to understand

gradually.”

Persuading Liliana with those words, Suimei brought his lecture to an

end.

“So that’s how it is. This arrangement and replacement of mystical

actions, the materialization of a magicka circle, Notarikon, Temurah, and

Gematria among others, are techniques to produce the ritual oneself and

then analogize it. This is called liturgical reduction, or in short, liturgy.”

With that, he asked if the two of them still needed more details.

“Any questions?”

Liliana raised her hand.

“Magicka circles... The ones you use... Where the circle is suddenly

drawn... I want to hear about that.”

“Sorry, I’ll save that for another time. It’s better to have a firm

understanding of liturgy before moving on to the materialization of a

magicka circle.”

“That’s... regrettable.”

Suimei’s response made her sulk. Liliana seemed to be quite interested

in the subject.

“Next, I’ve prepared a fill in the blanks test. It has questions on the main

points of everything I talked about today except for liturgy.”

As Suimei handed them sheets paper, Felmenia looked at hers with a

doubtful face.

“Suimei-dono, I think it is better to learn by practical use, but... In this

case, it would mean actually implementing liturgy...”

“That may be so, but we can’t put a whole lot into practical use within

this carriage, right? To do that kind of thing, we need a properly prepared

location. I prepared this instead because it’s convenient to do here.”

“Well, that is certainly true...”

Felmenia agreed, but she didn’t seem completely satisfied. Just as she

said, this test wouldn’t really give them any proper sense for what they were

learning.

“I thought you would understand faster if you thoroughly remembered

the details of the theory, but... Teaching isn’t easy, huh?”

As if something heavy was sitting atop his head, Suimei hung his head

low in a troubled fashion. Because he had never officially taken on students

before, he was unused to tutoring. There was more or less a single

exception to this, but that person was able to use magicka considerably well

beforehand and was more of an assistant who used peculiar magicka. This

was the first time he’d taught anyone anything starting from the bare basics.

As expected, he couldn’t avoid running into difficulties here and there.

Because of this, he was constantly getting feedback from his students along

the way.

“All right, I’ll think about something more in the line of practical use, so

you guys have a go at this for now.”

“Understood.”

“I feel like using this pure white paper... is a waste though...”

For quite a while now, Suimei had been using white sheets of paper

quite liberally. Liliana lifted one up and frowned. In this world, such paper

was quite valuable. Unlike his world, this one had yet to have an industrial

revolution or two. The machinery to create paper hadn’t been invented yet,

and no mass-production lines existed.

Is that also because of magic throwing its weight around...?

In his world, when it came to materials to scribe magicka circles on,

rather than generic white paper, specially manufactured parchment was

judged to be better and more valuable. But in this world dominated by

magic culture, it was something of the other way around.

Felmenia and Liliana started their tests in short order. Suimei then spun

around on his butt and faced Lefille.

“Taking a short break?”

“We got to a checkpoint. How much longer do you think we’ll be

travelling by carriage?”

“The fortress on the national border should be coming into sight soon, so

it shouldn’t be much longer.”

“It’s been too long. My ass hurts after sitting on a wooden floor for three

days.”