“That is everything about my plan, Lishbaum-dono. Are you more

convinced of it now?”

“All is as you will it, Your Excellency. I thank you deeply for the

compassion of putting to rest my needless anxieties. If you would please,

Your Majesty...”

“We are done with this topic, are we not? Now go, Vuishta.”

Hearing Nakshatra’s command, Vuishta bowed down deeply as he

stepped back and vanished into the darkness. Nakshatra then moved on to

the next topic of conversation.

“Now then, we will give you bastards orders from here on out. Latora,

Grallajearus, you two will link up with Striga. And was it called Nelferia?

You will open a path up to there. Vuishta and Moolah’s armies are in the

Alliance, so getting that far should be a simple matter.”

“Yay! The summoned hero of the country on the way there was a

woman, right? I’m looking forward to it. Just how should I torment this

one, I wonder...”

“All is as you will, Your Majesty. Please look forward to a favorable

report.”

One replied with their canines showing and a delightful voice, while the

other replied quietly in a grating tone. Latora and Grallajearus excused

themselves from the table and vanished into the darkness. There was now

only one demon left who had yet to receive any orders, and he raised his

voice suspiciously.

“Hey, Nakshatra, what about me?”

Though Ilzarl questioned her skeptically, Lishbaum was the one to

answer him.

“My apologies, Your Excellency Ilzarl. You will be handling another

matter.”

“You’re planning to have me work independently to fulfill your damn

scheme?”

“Yes. Your Excellency, from here, I would like you to head to the self-

governed state and retrieve the weapon left behind by a previous hero.”

“A weapon? Isn’t it fine to leave something like that alone? The ones

who received divine protection from the Goddess are one thing, but

whatever things they wielded in a fight aren’t really a threat.”

“Ilzarl. This is Lishbaum’s request, and it has our authorization.”

Hearing Nakshatra’s words, Ilzarl’s eyebrow twitched. He then slowly

turned to Lishbaum.

“...It’s an unusual request. Is it that much of a threat?”

“It is an object called a Sacrament. Its main purpose is for something

else entirely, but it is possible that it holds the potential for a human to use it

to directly oppose our god, Zekaraia.”

“Oh? Now that is interesting. Fine then. I will go along with your damn

scheme.”

“My humble thanks.”

Lishbaum bowed respectfully. However, Ilzarl could sense that there

was no feeling behind his words and that he was simply being flattered as

he let out a snort. And then, as he was on his way out of the room, he

stopped walking.

“Your Excellency?”

“Lishbaum, I just remembered that I had one thing I wanted to ask you.”

“What could that be?”

“What kind of person defeated Rajas?”

When Lishbaum heard this question, a faint smile floated up on his face.

“It is said among the humans that the hero from Astel defeated him,

right?”

“But it is untrue.”

“Why do you think so?”

“Intuition.”

“You jest.”

Lishbaum replied with what could easily be described as a non-answer

while still maintaining his smile. Ilzarl then continued speaking while

oozing out a serious aura.

“...For someone like Rajas who received so much of Zekaraia’s divine

protection, there’s no way he would lose to a hero who was just summoned

and had yet to become familiar with the Goddess’s power.”

“If it was someone who already possessed significant power, then I do

not think it would be impossible.”

“There’s no way.”

“How can you declare that?”

“From experience. From the heroes who fought against Zekaraia’s will

up until now, it takes a certain amount of time before they can fight on the

level of you bastards, after all.”

“So that’s what was strange about His Excellency Rajas being defeated

by a hero?”

“That’s right. No matter how you look at it, it was too soon.”

“But even so, there’s no point in asking me... Oh dear, how

troublesome.”

So he said, but Lishbaum did not actually look troubled at all. Even

though there was an existence out there that was capable of defeating a

powerful demon general, his appearance did not give off a single hint that

he considered it a dangerous situation. It was rather like he was wearing a

clown’s mask as he talked.

“You sure are composed. As I expected, you know who defeated Rajas,

don’t you?”

“Incorrect. It is currently under investigation.”

“With that kind of faint smirk? You’re the one who should be keeping

your jokes in check.”

Lishbaum’s sycophantic attitude still did not break, and Ilzarl glared at

him coldly. Seeing that he had no intention of averting his gaze, Lishbaum

let out a sigh like he was giving in, and peeled back his mask. As he did, the

temperature in the room dropped. As the room became cold enough to

freeze anything and everything within, a sound like something was cracking

began to fill the air. In the brief moment when this unusual phenomenon

happened, an atmosphere spread around the room—one dark enough to

make even a demon uneasy.

What was being spread in the atmosphere of that room in the Demon

Lord’s castle was none other than the psychic cold fired off by magicians.

“Pardon me, Your Excellency, but is it not reasonable that the one who

defeated His Excellency Rajas was the hero after all? Based on what Your

Excellency said before, even if it was someone who possessed a substantial

amount of power beforehand, His Excellency Rajas would still be

impossible to defeat. Even at the hands of a hero with the Goddess’s

blessing.”

“Therefore... Oho, it certainly would imply that, wouldn’t it?”

“That is correct, Your Excellency. It is a bit of an inconsistency.”

“...Then I withdraw my earlier statement. Even without the Goddess’

power, there are means to defeat him.”

Those were the words Lishbaum wanted to hear. He flashed an ominous

smile that Ilzarl had never seen before, and gave him the reply he wanted.

“The name of the one who defeated His Excellency Rajas is Yakagi

Suimei. He is a modern magician affiliated with the Magician’s Society

revived by the Magicka King Nettesheim. He’s ranked as a Grand Class

magician. Compared to other magicians, the magicka systems that he can

use cover a fairly wide range. And among those, he can use Abracadra, holy

lightning which can push back divinity of the same level as Zekaraia into

the valley between worlds; the Bless Blade which can kill beasts that call

forth the apocalypse in a single slash; the Golden Magnale that has endured

the roar of a red dragon; and Enth Astrarle, which blew away said dragon

without a trace. With these four great magickas of astounding power, he has

defeated numerous magicians. And the magicka that defeated His

Excellency Rajas was without a doubt said holy lightning with the power of

a sacred guardian angel. Against us, that would be most effective.”

“...You bastard.”

“Along the way, do be careful if you happen to run into him. I’m sure

Your Excellency stands a good chance against him, but that man is the type

to get up over and over again so long as his dreams are not shattered.

Unless the merciless reality that he can never return from is made apparent

to him, he will be rather hard to deal with.”

Within those words, Lishbaum fired the feelings he recalled thinking of

his extraordinary destiny. It was not just resentment, and not just anger. It

was not quite admiration, but there was some joy. After his voice that was

filled with a flood of emotions fell silent, the remaining demon general

vanished into the darkness and melted away.