“I can tell that much from looking at you. I mean, we’ve got a virgin lad

accompanied by a bunch of ladies, right?”

“You’re still on about that...”

Hearing Gaius circle back around to the subject of his virginity, Suimei

let out a low grumble like he was cursing him. Fortunately, however, it

seemed that Gaius was completely unaware that one among them was

indeed actually a former spy.

“Then, if I might ask, what makes you say we’re unusual?” Lefille

asked.

“Well, that’s ’cause your garments are all over the place. There’s two of

you wearing clothes from Astel, and a little girl wearing the frilly clothing

that’s popular right now in the Empire. And... it’s Lefille right? You’re from

Noshias, ain’t you? It’s a curious combo. Well, it might just be that you’re

all friends, but it’s also curious that you all came all the way out here to the

Alliance like this.”

It seemed that this man named Gaius was not just a simple, sociable

man. Suimei didn’t fail to miss the keen look in his narrowed eyes as he

explained his curiosity. Once he finished making his point, Lefille asked

him another question.

“Why do you think it’s strange for us to come to the Alliance?”

“Well, that’s ’cause the northern part of the Alliance has become the site

of a bloody battle with the demons. It’s not the kinda place you come for

sightseeing these days, you see.”

He certainly had a point. There weren’t many people who would choose

somewhere crippled with the looming threat of demons marching on the

capital for their vacation. Lefille answered Gaius’s doubts with a somewhat

meek expression.

“I... have an acquaintance in the Alliance. We’re headed to go meet

them.”

“Ah, that so? If that’s the case, then I guess it makes sense.”

Suimei finally seemed to recover as he got back up. He reclined in his

chair and folded his arms as he mused out loud.

“But still... a battleground, huh?”

“I believe I heard the demon army was forced back, was it not?”

Felmenia asked.

“Damn right it was! By the hero of the Alliance, you hear?! She chopped

a demon general right up! It was quite a magnificent sight, mark my

words!”

Gaius slapped his chest as he answered Felmenia with great gusto. It

was as if he was bragging about his own accomplishment. Seeing him act

like that, Suimei raised an eyebrow and a pointed question.

“A magnificent sight...? Did you see it yourself?”

“Heh heh heh, what is there to hide? My glorious self was just recently

fighting demons alongside the hero, you hear?”

As Gaius proudly revealed himself, Suimei looked at him rather

dubiously.

“That it, geezer? You a daydreamer? That’s quite disappointing.”

“I’m not! It’s the truth, I say!”

“Oh yeah?”

Suimei shrugged his shoulders exaggeratedly like he was poking fun at

Gaius, who looked quite serious despite laughing.

“Heh heh heh... What? You saying you think I’m some kinda small fry?”

“I’m kidding, I’m kidding! It was just a joke. I can tell from the muscles

on you that you could kill me if you just touched me the wrong way.”

“Damn straight! They’re a real beaut, ain’t they? Muscles are the best!”

Setting aside the matter of exactly how great they were, Suimei could

tell that the martial artist in front of him was quite skilled. Though the

details of his strength escaped Suimei, it was quite obvious he was strong.

But the strong man suddenly went from his high-spirited tales of heroics to

sighing.

“Well, thanks to that, most of the army moved northwards.”

“Is something wrong with that?”

“Well, yeah. All our forces are up there facing the demons, you know?”

Suimei tilted his head to the side, still not understanding what was

wrong. Liliana then casually began explaining.

“The defense against the Empire... is thin. His apprehensions... likely

concern that.”

“It’s just like the little lady says. You’re a good girl, ain’t you? Want a

nice pat on the head?”

“Please don’t... I’ll sue.”

Liliana didn’t seem fond of being treated like a child by Gaius. She

closed her eye and stuck out her tongue, then turned away from him.

“Is the relationship between the Alliance and the Empire stormy?”

“You didn’t know that? You sure are ignorant of the world, ain’t you?

The Empire openly cooperates with Astel and the self-governed state, but

when it comes to the Alliance proper, we’re just neighbors, you see. From

what I’ve heard, the recent Empire has even been lunging at allied nations.”

“Huh...”

Gaius spoke with an air of astonishment on the matter, but it didn’t

really click with Suimei. In truth, he was fairly disinterested in the matters

of this world. He had no reason to get seriously invested in them. Liliana,

however, leaned in close to whisper into Suimei’s ear.

“It’s... deceptive maneuvering. Lately... the Empire has been sowing

rumors of non-existent military expansion... to keep neighboring countries

in check.”

“I see...”

That was probably something she learned during her time in the imperial

army’s intelligence division. But Suimei wasn’t really sure why they were

spreading misleading information. Intentionally making themselves seem

even more militaristic than they were would only bring on more tension

internationally, which had the potential to isolate the Empire and cause a

depression. And that would only leave the people unhappy with the

government. Furthermore, it wouldn’t just make their adversaries worry—it

would give their neighbors and allies cause for concern. And all this at a

time where demons were invading as well...

Suddenly, Gaius regained his cheerfulness.

“Well, there’s a bunch of serious business, but my people’ve got both me

and the hero. We don’t have anything to worry about.”

He was probably making such a declaration to ease some of the dark

tension he’d created by bringing up politics and war.

“The hero, huh...?”

“And yours truly.”

“So what kinda guy is this hero?”

“Don’t just ignore me, damn it... And the hero summoned by the

Alliance is, believe it or not, an exceptionally beautiful sword master,”

Gaius boasted.

“That is to say the Alliance’s hero is a woman, right?” Lefille asked.

“Yeah. You’re also quite the beauty, but she’s a woman whose beauty

can be compared to yours... She’s still a little immature though, so she falls

outta my strike zone, I gotta say.”

“No one asked about your type.”

As Suimei quipped at him, Gaius looked back at him in surprise.

“If you keep shying away from this kinda conversation, you’ll be a

virgin for life, you know?”

“You’re still going on about that, damn it?!”

Suimei let out a cry of frustration as he once more stood up straight out

of his seat. He managed to learn a lot, but it ended up being a rather

unbelievable lunch.

★

A few days after parting ways with Suimei and the other girls, Reiji,

Mizuki, and Titania had an audience with the emperor of the Nelferian

Empire in Castle Groschler, enshrined at the south end of the imperial

capital of Filas Philia. They’d just gotten out of their meeting.

“Ah, I’m sooo tired!”

As they settled down in the nobles’ guest room, Mizuki was the first to

speak up. Indulging in her escape from the stuffy formality of their meeting,

she threw herself onto the leather sofa and let out the long groan she’d been

holding back. She was draped over the couch just like laundry casually

tossed aside for later. She found it difficult to endure the atmosphere in the

audience chamber, and was still sweating from the lingering sensation of

the Emperor’s intense aura. Only now that they were far from it was she

able to loosen up a bit and relax. Reiji was also quite tired, and he sat down

on a red antique chair in the room as he gave Mizuki an awkward smile.

“Mizuki, good job today.”

“Uhuh...”

The exhausted Mizuki replied like she was there in body but not in

spirit. Reiji wasn’t sure if she’d actually heard what he’d said. She was still

just lounging on the sofa without moving at all. Even Titania who was a

veteran at this sort of thing let out a sigh of relief.

“Seems even you’re exhausted, huh, Tia?”

“Yes. Though I am somewhat accustomed to it, I also have some trouble

dealing with His Imperial Majesty.”

“I guess his status... is just that amazing.”

“Compared to other royals, His Imperial Majesty is certainly unique.

He’s like a predator.”

“Hahaha...”

Reiji let out a dry laugh at Titania’s assessment as he recalled the

emperor. Standing before him on his throne, Reiji had honestly felt the

same sense of danger he might standing before a carnivorous beast. The

pressure was such that he felt if he let his guard down even just a little, he

would be immediately devoured. It must have been the true aura of a leader

who’d captained a military nation for so long. However...

“In the end, they didn’t say anything about what happened last time,

huh?”

Reiji was talking about their conflict with Graziella over catching the

real culprit behind the coma incidents. Lefille also had been nervous about

what would come of it, but contrary to their expectation, the Empire didn’t

make a fuss about it. In fact, it hadn’t even come up during their audience

with the emperor.

As if this turn of events was slightly different from Titania’s

expectations, she stroked her chin as she spoke.

“Since it involved the hero, they probably do not wish to make an issue

of it publicly. I believed our summons was likely either to restrain us or to

strike a deal with us, but I suppose His Imperial Majesty also wants to avoid

coming into conflict with the church.”

“Is that so...? It’s only my intuition, but I got the impression he was the

type to swoop down on somebody the moment they revealed a weakness

and rip them apart.”

“Your intuition probably isn’t wrong, Reiji-sama. Indeed, when I asked

my father about him, he said something in the same vein.”

While Reiji and Titania were expressing their reservations on the matter,

Mizuki cut into their conversation from her lounging position on the sofa.

“About that... Suimei-kun said he sent a letter to Elliot-kun.”

“Suimei did?”

“Something about how at a time like this where every nation is

depending on the existence of heroes or something, you probably don’t

want to cause any issues between the Empire and the Church of Salvation,

he said. Or something like that. That’s why Elliot-kun, who didn’t want to

cause problems with heroes from other nations, something or other...”

She trailed off and broke down into rambling towards the end, but Reiji

understood what she was trying to say. If rumor spread that two heroes

ended up fighting each other due to a blunder by the Empire, then the world

would turn against them. And considering the current state of world affairs,

that would be a major landmine for them to step on. However, Reiji cocked

his head to the side. He still found it rather unusual.

“It seemed like Suimei and Elliot didn’t get along at all, though...”

“‘Even if he hates meee, he seemed quite fond of Reiji-kuuun. So if I

ask, he won’t flat out refuse,’ he said. ‘Won’t it work out one way or

another?’ He said something like that too...”

“That is to say... everything went exactly as Suimei intended it to,

right?”

“Of course... That’s Suimei for you. He really is cunning, the jerk.”

“Honestly, I cannot see him as anything but flippant.”

Titania let out a sigh and a bit of biting criticism like she couldn’t really

accept what Reiji had said. Hearing these words which sounded like she

was somehow annoyed, Reiji questioned her as if it was something rather

unusual.

“Somehow, Tia, it seems like you suddenly took a turn for the cold with

Suimei recently.”

“What? No, certainly not. Ohoho...”