her appearance matched the description of the hero from Thoria. Seeing

this, Jillbert spoke up playfully.

“That damn Crimson Pain, doing this kinda crap behind the scenes... Did

you not hear about it, Clara?”

“I was told of it just before we left the Empire.”

It seemed Jillbert was a little irked about not being told beforehand.

Tossing another glance at Clarissa, she jumped off the box and took a look

at the fourth hero’s face.

“Disregarding their actual intent, and bringing them in anyway... So,

what’s up with this one?”

Jillbert was asking whether she came along willingly, and Eanru gave a

brief reply.

“This woman refused, so it seems she had her consciousness stolen.”

“I see. You’re quite unfortunate, aren’t you?”

Jillbert looked at Thoria’s hero with pity. However, because the hero’s

actions were all under control, she remained completely silent. Sensing that

it was meaningless to try and talk to her, Jillbert let out a dissatisfied idle

complaint.

“But you know, if we’re gonna be doing stuff like this, I’d prefer to be

kept on the up and up. We just happened to have two heroes together back

in the Empire, see? It would’ve been faster to do something about them

first... But I guess there was the risk of making more powerful enemies

other than just the two heroes...”

“But in the end, it all worked out, didn’t it? I hear the man who defeated

Romeon is a very close friend of Astel’s hero. If the hero summoned from

another world and that man were dutifully bound together, we would

probably end up coming into conflict with that man. Personally, that would

be exactly what I want, though.”

“Yeah, yeah, I get it.”

Jillbert averted her gaze as she apathetically agreed with Eanru. But he

did at least have a point. Of course, this was not about wanting to face off

against the three of them. Both Clarissa and Jillbert thought that following

their strategy in the Empire would have become quite difficult if Suimei

decided to help Reiji out. Naturally, they wanted to avoid coming into

conflict with the many powers gathering around the heroes in the Empire at

the time.

“Well, even without telling you two, it seems like you’ll make a move

anyways.”

“Is that sarcasm?”

“I’m saying you’re quite skilled. If it was such a trifling matter, you two

would accomplish it with ease, right?”

“Well, now that you mention it, I cannot deny the possibility.”

Clarissa also agreed with Eanru there. Securing the heroes would be a

small sacrifice towards a great cause. So if they could, they would rather do

it neatly and inconspicuously. Eanru then spoke up like he suddenly

remembered something.

“There’s also one more report from the Lonely Shadow. Astel’s hero

departed for the self-governed state.”

Jillbert raised a flabbergasted voice.

“What?! Wasn’t that hero supposed to stay put in the Empire?”

“Supposed to, yes. But it seems he’s on the move. It looks like

something that we couldn’t have predicted.”

“Is that really okay?”

Jillbert was grimacing, but Clarissa looked unfazed.

“In the grand scheme of things, it likely will not be a problem. At this

level, I believe it is well within the margin for error.”

“Or is it that, Jillbert? Do you not believe in that man?”

With Eanru poking fun at her, Jillbert looked back at him uncomfortably.

“That’s not what I mean...”

“That man finds it troubling to explain things to others. His mind works

on a completely different level than our thoughtless selves. No, it may be

better to say in an entirely different dimension.”

“I get it. You don’t have to explain that to me after all this time.”

“Very well. So, Clarissa, I’ll leave this woman to you.”

“Eanru, where are you headed now?”

“Next is the Alliance’s hero. And I need to go get ready.”

Leaving behind Thoria’s hero, Eanru left the vacant lot in the

blacksmithing district.

★

Beyond the mountains that bordered human territory, even further north

than the precipice to the north that stood so tall it threatened to pierce the

heavens... Beyond it all in the rugged polar regions, there was a castle that

could not possibly have been built by human hands.

It was enormous and had a majestic appearance. It was made with care

and was crafted with detail that was nothing short of otherworldly.

Something thick surrounded the area around the structure as it wriggled and

writhed. This was presently the residence of the Demon Lord—the castle

that served as Nakshatra’s main headquarters.

Within a certain room of the Demon Lord’s castle, crowded around a

single square table, several living beings made of heterogeneous parts

shaped like humans were holding a meeting. At the head of the table,

looking down at all those gathered there, was what looked like a young girl

wearing pompous clothing. She had black hair and dark brown skin.

Standing just behind her was a man with golden forelocks hanging over his

face. And then around the table in order: There was a man with long white

hair, red eyes, and a slender frame. A blossoming young woman with jet

black bat-like wings growing from her back. Perhaps unable to sit in a chair,

there was an object like a lump of flesh large enough to monopolize the

entire width of the table with arms and legs sprouting out of it. And seated

opposite of it was a mass of darkness clad in a robe in the shape of a tall

human figure.

At last, the black-haired young girl sitting at the head of the table

opened her mouth with an arrogant tone.

“It seems Mauhario was defeated, Vuishta?”

Vuishta was the dark mass wearing a robe seated opposite of the lump of

flesh. Though his form looked insubstantial, he turned the portion of

darkness where his face should be towards the girl and answered.

“Indeed. It is exactly as you’ve heard, Nakshatra-sama. Mauhario-dono

died in action in the recent fight against the Alliance’s hero. Only my own

and Moolah-dono’s armies remain within Alliance territory.”

It was a young man’s voice that came from within the robe. Said voice

reported their defeat to the young girl, Nakshatra, but what followed that

was a fearless tone that gave no indication he felt anything for his fallen

companion.

“However, please be completely at ease, Your Majesty. I have already

arrived at a method of defeating the Alliance’s hero. Soon, thanks to my

plan, I will definitely be able to deliver the head of that hero to you.”

“We see. If you have a plan, then it is fine. We will leave that matter to

Moolah and you.”

“Thank you, Your Majesty.”

Perhaps intending to bow down to Nakshatra, the upper portion of the

robe leaned forward. Because confidence could be heard in Vuishta’s voice,

a doubtful voice rang in the air suspecting he was overestimating himself.

“But will it really go that well, I wonder?”

“...Lishbaum-dono, what do you mean by that?”

Vuishta turned towards the man standing behind Nakshatra, Lishbaum.

Lishbaum gave a swift reply.

“I was just thinking of the case of His Excellency Rajas—a cautionary

tale, if you will. In the current situation where there are four heroes, we do

not know where we will have the carpet pulled out from underneath us.”

“I am absolutely sure of my plan. Using Moolah-dono’s large army as a

diversion, we will attract their main forces and lure in the hero and her

companions when they split off, then annihilate them.”

“But will the hero really get caught in that scheme so easily?”

The one who asked this was the lump of flesh. After it asked about the

credibility of his plan in a grating voice, Vuishta fired back with astounding

self-confidence.

“The hero and the soldiers of the Alliance are likely so happy from

annihilating one of our armies that they cannot keep their feet on the

ground. I am 100 percent sure they will fall for my trick.”

“I see. Do you mean to say that while the enemy is making merry, you

will make use of that momentum?”

“That is exactly what I am saying, Lishbaum-dono.”

After Vuishta confirmed his intentions, the white-haired man with red

eyes, Ilzarl, spoke with contempt.

“To use the dead Mauhario... Wait, Vuishta, you bastard. Did you use

Mauhario as bait?”

Hearing those words that were meant to criticize him, Vuishta leaked out

a joyous stifled laughter like his plan was being praised.

“Do not be absurd. All I did was relay Mauhario-dono’s desire to fight

the hero in personal combat over to Moolah-dono.”

“I see. So that’s how that damn Mauhario ended up being used as a

sacrificial lamb.”

“But he got his wish, after all. I am sure he was satisfied to fulfill the

role.”

“I bet.”

Ilzarl replied in a flat tone. On the other hand, listening to their

exchange, Nakshatra looked at Ilzarl with a cold gaze.

“Oho? Ilzarl, it couldn’t be... Do you have a complaint about Mauhario’s

fate?”

“Me, Your Majesty? Impossible. Mauhario lost because he was weak.

There is nothing more than that. Just what were you trying to learn with that

question?”

“Hmph, then it is fine. We were just a little flustered. You may have

been carried away by your damned emotions.”

“Simply impossible.”

Ilzarl snorted like he wasn’t amused at all. While the master and servant

were having such a meaningless conversation, the woman with bat wings

growing out of her back looked at Vuishta doubtfully.

“I understand what you’re planning Vuishta, but in the end, how are you

planning to defeat the Alliance’s hero?”

“Are you belittling my power, Latora?”

“The Alliance’s hero is a woman, isn’t she? If it were me, I could do

something amusing, like... Let’s see, was it in Noshias? Just like the little

cutie from there. Mmm! Ahahaha...”

Latora laughed with a lewd, twisted smile on her lips. Meanwhile,

perhaps reacting to what she was talking about, the lump of flesh opposite

of Vuishta’s spat back at her with a grating voice.

“The Shrine Maiden of Spirits? It would have been fine to kill her right

away.”

“But that’s no fun, is it? Aaah, Rajas was so openminded about things

like this. He too believed an enemy should be thoroughly broken before

being defeated.”

Latora sounded disappointed. The lump of flesh sank into silence and

had nothing further to say to her. Cutting in to their conversation, Vuishta

turned to Latora.

“There will be no problem. The hero’s attacks will not work on me.

Hehehe, not on me who has stolen Lishbaum-dono’s technique.”

Perhaps because that laughing voice rubbed it the wrong way, or perhaps

it was the way Vuishta was speaking, the lump of flesh gave its candid

advice.

“You sure bark loudly about a technique you’re supposedly borrowing.”

“It is indeed borrowed, but I have sublimated the technique and

succeeded in making it something powerful. As such, is it now not my own

technique?”

“Hmph.”

Finding his words impudent, the lump of flesh let out a noise like it was

snorting and sent out a metal shard flying from its body. But Vuishta took

no action to dodge it. It looked like the shard struck him, but it kept going

and flew out the other side of his robe.

“Hehehe...”

Ignoring Vuishta, who was giggling creepily, the lump of flesh turned to

Lishbaum.

“Lishbaum, are you alright with this?”

“I do not particularly mind. If it is helpful for His Excellency, then it is

just as I desire.”

Lishbaum bowed to Vuishta. His expression was hidden by his

forelocks, but he seemed to be pleased. Vuishta’s creepy laughter only grew

stronger as he saw this. Eventually, Vuishta decided to bring an end to this

conversation, and turned to Lishbaum.