“Are you saying that I should be a dish served to put the Alliance in

order?”

“N-No! That is not what I’m—”

“The demons are invading. I don’t think there’s anything more urgent

than that.”

She knew what Weitzer was asking her to do was necessary, but she still

didn’t like the idea.

“You’re mistaken, Hero-dono! This isn’t about using you for political

means...”

Seeing the complex expression on Hatsumi’s face, Weitzer was

frantically trying to correct himself, thinking that he had offended her.

Meanwhile, Gaius let out his usual dauntless laugh as he turned to Hatsumi.

“It’s about you time you took a hint, innit, Hatsumi?”

“Take a hint? About what?”

“Little Prince Weitzer’s goodwill.”

“His goodwill? It’s true that I feel a bit bad for everything he and the

others here are doing for me...”

After being summoned, not just Weitzer, but the entire palace had taken

good care of Hatsumi. That was as things should be, considering they were

the ones who summoned her, but Hatsumi was still grateful. She made sure

to express this, but Gaius let out an astonished sigh.

“How do I put it...? To put it bluntly, you’re amazingly dense. You kinda

remind me of that spindly lad I had a meal with a while back...”

Hatsumi had no idea what he was talking about. But after calming down

a fair bit, Weitzer collected himself and tried to clarify.

“It is certainly true, Hero-dono, that your help is a considerable boon to

the Alliance. That much goes without saying. But I am thinking ahead—to

after we defeat the demons. And I believe this is a necessary part of making

a future for you. If you are anxious without your memories, then I will

support you for the rest of your life.”

“But... I don’t want to be that much of a burden to you, Weitzer.”

“I-I don’t at all think of you as a burden!”

“But...”

Hatsumi couldn’t just agree to his offer, no matter how kind and

generous. She had no intention of weighing him down the rest of his life

like that. Besides, she had her own world to return to. Somewhere she knew

she had to get back. It was that boy that appeared in her dreams... She felt

like she had to see him again no matter what.

“...”

But she couldn’t let those thoughts overtake her. If she thought of

nothing but that boy whose face was lost somewhere in the misty haze of

her mind, her brain would cease functioning. Sensing the subtleties of her

heart from the color of her face, Weitzer looked at her with a worried

expression.

“...Hero-dono?”

“Sorry. I think we’re done here, so please leave me be for a while.”

“Hatsumi?”

“Yeah, I’m alright. Thank you, Selphy.”

When Selphy called out to her, Hatsumi smiled back as if to tell her not

to worry. After Weitzer apologetically excused himself, all three guests

exited the room. Once the door was closed, Hatsumi stood up from her

chair and threw herself back onto the bed. She looked idly up at tapestry

affixed to the ceiling, and her true feelings escaped her lips in a sigh.

“...I must return to where I came from...”

Her companions were important to her, but she didn’t want to abandon

her memories. She wanted to know who she was. Back home—wherever

that may be—there might even be someone waiting for her. That’s why...

“And... up we go!”

In the midst of ruminating, Hatsumi heard that casual voice come from

her window, which was wide open. Curious, she turned her head to look

while still sprawled out on her bed. And there, as if he’d just climbed up,

was a young man squatted in the windowsill.

“Yo!”

“Huh?! What?! Whaaat?!”

The young man—who had black hair and was dressed in green—had

appeared out of seemingly nowhere, but casually waved to her in a greeting.

Hatsumi bolted right up out of her bed in surprise.

“W-Wait, this is the fourth floor!”

“And? It’s not like you can’t climb up four stories, you know? You use

these protrusions as handholds. See? It just takes a little elbow grease and

determination. Not that that’s what I did.”

While pantomiming climbing, the young man spoke to her as if nothing

about the situation were strange at all. It was true there were a number of

ways to climb up to the fourth floor; the real problem was what came before

that.

“H-How did you get into the inner grounds of the palace?!”

“All that took was a little something...”

Saying that, the young man pressed his index finger to his thumb. It

seemed he meant to suggest it had been a simple affair. After that, he

jumped down from the window into the room like it was his prerogative to

do so. Just who was he? Ignoring the particulars of his identity for the

moment, Hatsumi grabbed her sword, which was leaning up against the

wall nearby. She took a stance with it readied at her hip, looking like she

was ready to cut him in half at the drop of a hat.

“Don’t move!”

It was a warning. But then, as if the young man hadn’t understood what

she was saying, he stiffened up like time had stopped. He stared at her

blankly for a while, and then let out a simple, stupefied question.

“...Huh?”

“Don’t ‘huh’ me, you trespasser! Should I slay you on the spot?!”

She reissued her warning to the young man looking at her with a rather

idiotic look on his face. After freezing up again, he finally seemed to pick

up on her seriousness and started panicking.

“Slay? As in... kill me? Come on, you’re not the type to make jokes like

that, right?”

“Yes, I’m surprised you know. It’s not a joke.”

“I-It’s not a joke...? Just what the hell are you saying?! Are you seriously

planning to kill me?! For real?! Are you angry ’cause I snuck into a lady’s

bedroom? I mean, yeah, I did do that, but...”

“Wrong.”

“Then what is it?!”

Hatsumi stared daggers into him like she truly did mean to slay him

where he stood. She had no idea why he seemed to be so surprised about

this. Considering what he was doing, he should have expected this kind of

response.

“Do I really have to spell it out for you? Anyone would defend

themselves with a stranger sneaking into their room.”

“Stranger, you say...?”

“At the very least, I don’t recognize you... At all.”

After coming to this world, she had not once met this young man. So

why was he standing there with a bewildered expression like she’d just told

a close friend she didn’t know them? She couldn’t understand it. The only

thing that was clear was that he did indeed seem to be quite shaken.

“D-Don’t joke around. This ain’t the kind of place for that crap, okay?”

“Didn’t I say I wasn’t joking? I don’t know you.”

“There’s no way you don’t! I’m Suimei! Yakagi Suimei, your childhood

friend!”

“Ch-Childhood friend?”

“Yeah. So I’m begging you... Please spare your childhood friend the

jokes.”

The young man, Yakagi Suimei, let out an agonized groan like he was at

his wits’ end. She hadn’t expected him to introduce himself that way, but his

attitude up until now did seem to corroborate it. He was certainly acting as

if they were close. But there was one glaring hole in that story.

“Just what are you saying? I’m a hero summoned from another world,

you know? There’s no way I have childhood friends in this place.”

This young man may have had a good reason for infiltrating the palace,

but as far as setups and excuses went, this was just too ill-conceived.

Nevertheless, when she pointed that out to him, he looked as though she’d

stabbed him. He then slowly arched a suspicious eyebrow.

“Hey, what gives? Your memories fly the coop or something?”

“Indeed, it is just as you say. I have amnesia.”

“Wait, seriously...?”

The young man now stared at her in complete disbelief.

★

When Suimei was a young child, one of his father’s good friends was a

swordsmanship expert. His father convinced him to move to the area and

open up a dojo in the neighborhood. The style of swordsmanship this man

practiced was known as the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani. It was

an old style that had been passed down since long before even the Warring

States period. It originated from its namesake, a dharani—a ritual speech

much like a mantra—based on the dragon sword Kurikara wielded by the

wrathful Buddhist god Acala, which was used to make demonic spirits and

other otherworldly beings capitulate. The sword style inherited that feature.

Not only could it be used against humans, it was also effective against

spirits, apparitions, and even monsters.

Naturally, that wasn’t the only thing taught in the dojo. The instructor,

Kuchiba Kiyoshiro, also taught mundane swordsmanship to the

neighborhood children. But behind the scenes, he used his true skills to cut

down the monsters running rampant in the world. His daughter, Kuchiba

Hatsumi, was following in his footsteps and had also taken up the practice

under his tutelage.

With the way things had worked out, Hatsumi didn’t actually know that

Suimei was a magician or that he knew about the secret work her family

did, but that wasn’t really the issue at the moment. The point was that her

skill with a blade was extraordinary. So much so that her father considered

it a shame she’d been born a girl. Even with relatively little combat in this

world, Suimei could guess that she was probably on par with the Seven

Swords. And this girl was standing before him now with her sword raised

against him.

“So should I call the guards? Or would you rather be cut down where

you stand?”

“Neither, preferably. Both would be a lot of trouble.”

“I find this current situation to be trouble. There’s a strange man in my

room, after all.”

“Gimme a break...”

Suimei was floundering. The girl that he’d played with ever since she

moved to his neighborhood so many years ago was claiming not to know

who he was. That girl—the very same one he’d learned swordsmanship

with—was now lowering her posture in preparation to lash out at him with

her blade. The aura he could sense from her told him she wasn’t messing

around, either. One wrong move right now and he would taste her steel for

sure.

But what on earth was he supposed to do about her amnesia? He’d come

with the intention of taking her back with him if it was necessary, but he

had no idea what the right thing to do in this situation was. As long as she

didn’t remember him, she wouldn’t go with him even if he asked nicely. He

had his magicka, but that couldn’t fix amnesia. There were spells to

manipulate the brain and rewrite memories, but if he took that path and

forcefully pushed memories into her, there was no doubt that it would put a

considerable strain on her mind.

Ultimately, that left him emptyhanded. It was completely vexing. With

all his other options a bust, the only thing he could do was try to talk to her

until she believed him.

“Hahh...”

Suimei heard Hatsumi exhale. It made him nervous. The blade on her

weapon was about 120 centimeters long, and the grip was about another 25.

There were some strange ornaments decorating it, but it had the overall

shape of a Japanese-style sword, or something imitating one. Within that

red scabbard at her hip was undoubtedly a deadly weapon made of a special

material from this world.

And right now, Suimei was standing about nine centimeters inside its

reach. In other words, she could cut him down from where she stood

without taking a single step. No... He knew better than that. Even if her

blade hadn’t been able reach him, he was still well within her reach.

A sword master who passed a certain threshold in ability was able to

strike outside the range of their weapon. It was impossible physically

speaking, but to put it simply, with a horizontal slash, they could cut down

anything and everything before them like a wall of clouds split by the wind.

Such a feat was possible with the sword style this girl used. Her blade was