“Yes... I’d like to know that... myself.”

“Ugh...”

Suimei had no words for Felmenia and Liliana, only a groan. The five of

them talked of trivial matters for a while after that, but Suimei had one

more matter to address with Rumeya.

“By the way, forgive me for asking if it’s rude, but could you introduce

us to some lodgings we could stay at for a while?”

“Ah, yes. That much is no problem. Let’s see... I know of a good inn, but

I should take your financial situation into consideration. There are rooms

available in the Twilight Pavilion’s boarding house. How about there? It’s

free, you know.”

“If you’re letting us use it, then by all means. We’ll take it.”

Suimei bowed his head a little to show Rumeya his gratitude. He’d only

intended to have her introduce them somewhere, but to have the entire

matter resolved then and there was more than welcome.

“Speaking of, how long are all of you planning on staying in Miazen?”

“We don’t intend to inconvenience you for too long. Once our business

is done, I think we’ll return right away, but...”

“Ah, sorry. My bad. I’m not trying to say you should get out. I was

actually thinking it would be better if you could stay here on extended

terms.”

“Why’s that?”

“You see, the thing is... Lately in the Alliance—no, not only here, but in

Astel and the self-governed state as well—feelings towards the Empire

seem to be deteriorating. There’s unrest everywhere. Well, it’s not like

things are about to erupt into a fight. At least, not yet. But I was just

thinking it might be better if you stayed here rather than the Empire.”

They’d heard something similar from Gaius back in the restaurant at the

first Alliance town they visited. In short, opinion of the Empire had taken a

turn for the worse in the Alliance. There was no real sign of war on the

horizon, but Rumeya was still trying to be considerate out of concern for

their safety. She then began puffing at her pipe like she was quite annoyed.

“And then there are those anti-Goddess fanatics, you know? Ugh, they

should all just leave. They just had to start moving right around the time of

the demon invasion. How annoying...”

This time, she was speaking from her position as a leader of the Twilight

Pavilion. It seemed she had a lot on her plate. As she was complaining,

Felmenia, Lefille, and Liliana turned to Suimei. He would be the one to

decide how they proceeded from here, and they waited patiently to hear his

thoughts on the matter.

“So, Suimei, what will you do?” Rumeya eventually asked.

“I’ll decide after observing the situation for myself. At any rate, I left a

bunch of tools behind, so I’d at least have to go back to get those.”

“Gotcha. Well, with the skills you all possess, I’m sure there’s nothing to

really worry about.”

Judging that saying any more would just be considered meddlesome,

Rumeya brought that conversation to an end. After that, she had them tell

her all about their journey to her heart’s content.

★

Taking Rumeya up on her offer, Suimei and the others decided to stay in

the available rooms at the Twilight Pavilion’s boarding house. After

dropping off their luggage, they relaxed in their own rooms to relieve some

of the fatigue of their long journey from the Empire.

The sun fell after dinner, and Suimei was now alone in his room

preparing his materials. The room was illuminated by the light from his

mana, bright enough that it was comparable to electric lighting. The light

itself was colored like a flame, so everything within it was awash in a pale

orange glow. While he was working away, Liliana came into the room.

“Suimei... I’m here.”

“Ah, hey. Take a seat on that chair.”

After she entered the room and announced herself, Suimei invited

Liliana over to a spare chair in front of the desk. They were now sitting

facing each other, much like a doctor and patient in an examination room.

“Now, please take off your eyepatch and gloves.”

Liliana nodded once at Suimei’s doctorly order and quickly complied.

What was revealed beneath her gloves was thin, reddish-brown skin

covered in bubbles like festering boils. Beneath her eyepatch were closely

packed together reddish-brown scales around her right eye. The eye itself

was golden, with the pupil transformed into a long, thin slit.

While Suimei casually examined her arms, Liliana forlornly cast her

eyes downward. He had treated her multiple times already since she’d

moved in with him and became his travelling companion, but she still had

mixed feelings about it. Whenever Suimei looked at her altered features, the

same sadness came over her. Just seeing it for herself was painful. Showing

it to someone else was even harder.

Suimei gently took Liliana’s arm and began applying magicka to treat

her. Placing his finger on her bumpy, afflicted skin, he began moving it

from side to side as if gently brushing the affected region as he recited his

chant.

“Buzz, bajia, trout, mashia, impose, kashiya, sharurai, arumarai...”

It was Kabbalah magic meant to heal carbuncles—in other words, things

like tumors. After continuing this treatment for a time, the demonized

portion of her arm seemed to shrink ever so slightly. Suimei then moved on

to treating her right eye and the skin around it. Liliana looked up at him

anxiously.

“How... is it?”

“The skin on your arms and hands is healing little by little. If we

continue treatment at fixed intervals like we have been, it’ll eventually heal

completely. The skin around your right eye is the same, so that shouldn’t be

an issue either. It’s just...”

“It’s just... what?”

“Your eye itself has been completely done in. After being drowned in

too much malice, it’s no longer a human eye at all. It’s transformed into

something else altogether.”

With a bitter sigh, Suimei told her the truth of the matter. The changes to

the outer layer of her body were the result of a form of corruption from

using dark magic. She knew that. But being told that her eye was beyond

salvation—that it was no longer human—reminded her of each and every

horrible time she’d been called a monster. Hearing Suimei’s diagnosis,

Liliana hung her head low.

“Then... this won’t heal... right?”

“’Fraid so.”

“I see...”

Liliana’s voice had gotten quite despondent. It made Suimei realize he’d

chosen his words poorly. He had been so absorbed in concentrating on his

magicka that he’d replied mechanically without really thinking about it.

Realizing how insensitive that was, he immediately corrected himself in a

fluster.

“Sorry, that’s not really what I meant to say. It’s not that it can’t be

healed—I just can’t do it. Back in my world, there are specialists in spiritual

healing and engineers who can manufacture artificial magickal body parts.

As soon as we can get back there, you’ll be fine.”

“Truly?! Then... I can be healed?!” Liliana cried out when she heard the

good news, a mix of surprise and happiness in her voice.

It wasn’t like Suimei was a specialist in healing techniques, so his

knowledge in the field wasn’t particularly advanced. Back in his world,

however, there were magicians who could heal this level of affliction like it

was nothing. If he asked one of them to help Liliana, she could be a normal

girl again. But it was that thought that put a sour expression on Suimei’s

face—not the idea of Liliana getting better, but the idea of having to ask

someone for help.

“Yeah, but... The only magician I know who’s skilled enough to do it...

is that monster of a professor.”

An image crept up in the back of Suimei’s mind: that mysterious, plump

figure sporting a white lab coat, an ominous, faint smile, and mushroom-

esque haircut. He was the man that lived in the basement of the old castle

that served as the Society’s headquarters, and used incomprehensible

magicka to produce incomprehensible creations.

Naturally, it wasn’t the treatment Suimei was worried about. As far as

skill was concerned, the professor was in a league with the best of the best.

He was even arguably the best there was period; he certainly wouldn’t

allow anyone to claim preeminence over him when it came to spiritual

healing. So Suimei wasn’t concerned in the slightest that the treatment

would fail. If anything, he was concerned about it going too well. The

probability that the monster professor would throw in something “extra”

was frighteningly high. Liliana, however, knew nothing of what might lie

ahead of her, and was still happily smiling over the good news.

“What a relief...”

“Y-Yeah... Like I said, you’ll be fine. We just have to find a way to

return... a way to get back to my world. Until then, I’ll focus on healing

your skin.”

Suimei once more began hypnotically reciting his chant as he applied his

healing magicka. Liliana’s expression as he finished up the treatment was

far, far brighter than when he first started.

“Alright, we’re done.”

“Thank you... very much.”

“Whoa there...”

Liliana clung to Suimei, practically beaming. Now that she was used to

Suimei and the others, she seemed to have developed a penchant for

snuggling. It was the same as when she’d clung to Lefille’s arm while they

were talking to Rumeya. Whenever she was happy or sad now, she would

cling to Suimei, Felmenia, or Lefille to show her emotions.

Suimei had heard it through the grapevine that Liliana had always been

ostracized by the people around her and that Rogue had never doted on her

as a daughter. Since she was never really shown affection, it seemed that

when she got emotional, her longing for companionship only increased.

Perhaps that was why she held on to people like this. Suimei gently patted

her head as she clung on him, and she closed her eyes in a happy smile.

★

The Saadias Alliance was located in the northwestern part of the

continent. It was a federation of five member nations, allegedly named by

the swordsmen who drove the demons to the north and liberated the

territory for the people. At the center of it was the sovereign state of

Miazen, the home of several members of the Seven Swords. Many of the

swordsmen from the allied armies also called it their home, so among the

five member nations of the Alliance, it was considered the most powerful.

Thanks to that, aspiring heroes gathered here to devote themselves to the

study of the sword. On the western side of the river that split the city in two,

there was training yard after training yard for both citizens and soldiers

alike. The neighborhoods were also dotted with blacksmiths’ shops.

Someone had to supply all of the swordsmen with their weapons, after all.

In short, it seemed the entire city lived and breathed the way of the sword.

And the day after arriving in Miazen, Suimei’s party of four was headed

to the west side of town. Walking over the bridge that connected the two

parts of the city, Suimei made an observation out loud to the rest of his

group.

“How do I put it...? Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves here.”

The city was indeed overflowing with excitement and energy. Joyful

voices could be heard near and far, as if the whole town were reveling.

“I learned of it this morning, Suimei-dono, but it seems the hero’s

parade is today.”

“Ah, yeah, now that you mention it...”

As they were leaving, Rumeya had mentioned something about it. They

were apparently holding the sudden event in honor of the Alliance’s hero,

who had recently dealt a serious blow to the demon army and defeated a

demon general. It was indeed cause for celebration. The locals were hardly

able to contain themselves.

“It seems the parade will be held in the afternoon. What shall we do,

Suimei-dono? Would you like to go and see it?”

“Sounds like a good idea. That kinda thing is nice once in a while.”

Suimei nodded at Felmenia’s suggestion. This would actually be the first

time he’d really seen a hero’s parade. Back during Reiji’s, he’d only stayed

long enough to see his friends off. And during Elliot’s parade in the Empire,

he’d been so busy with the coma incidents that he hadn’t been able to attend

at all.

“But that means we’ve still got time until it starts, right?” asked Suimei.

“Then let us proceed as planned and have a look around until then,”

suggested Lefille.

Everyone agreed, and they all moved forward into the western part of

the city as a group. While walking around looking for a place to kill time,