Also...”

The staff officer went into further detail, but as soon as Hatsumi got her

head around what was happening...

“It’s a poor strategy.”

“As insightful as ever, Hero-dono,” said Weitzer. “Do you think it’s a

diversion or dispersion strategy?”

Weitzer asked for confirmation on Hatsumi’s assessment. After she

nodded back at him with a knowing look, Selphy nodded too.

“It is likely that Hatsumi’s prediction is correct. While the main demon

army is facing down the Alliance forces, several detachments could be

employing diversionary tactics. Or perhaps it’s just a trap to draw in men.

Maybe even the hero.”

“That’s why I believe dividing our forces further is a poor strategy.”

“Indeed. The demon’s tactics are quite transparent.”

It seemed Hatsumi and Selphy were on the same page. Anybody should

be able to see the writing on the wall in this situation. It was only obvious

what the demons were up to. The big question now was what their

motivations behind such a strategy were. Gaius turned a stern look towards

the staff officer.

“What’s the scale of the demon armies attacking each fortress?”

“Other than at the north-northeast fortress, the demons outnumber

deployed soldiers about two to one. It seems forces are continuously

pouring in at the north-northeast fortress, and we estimate our men are

outnumbered four to one there.”

“That’s a lot...”

With the soldiers so outnumbered, they were practically trapped in the

other fortresses and couldn’t put up much of fight. They had the grit to hold

out for a while. But the demons had the north-northeast fortress so

swamped that it was only a matter of time before it fell. They badly needed

reinforcements—and a lot of them. It would take a considerable,

concentrated effort to turn things around.

“So those bastards are really just trying to split us up, huh? It’s simple,

but effective. It’s usually their plan to look like they have a plan when

they’re really just rampaging and marauding. It’s a front. A deception.”

“Yes, this may very well be the same thing.”

Hatsumi acknowledged Gaius’s theory. It was perhaps the only viable

conclusion for now. They didn’t have enough information to determine

whether or not there was a grander scheme in action. As the conversation

continued, the staff officer’s expression turned bitter.

“The men there are holding out for the time being, but it is a matter of

course that the north-northeast fortress will be overrun at this rate.”

“That’s no good, huh...” mused Gaius.

“No. Once that fortress falls, the demons will use it as a gateway to

flood the area with more forces,” replied the officer.

A heavy silence hung in the air for a moment. Weitzer then moved the

conversation along.

“So, what will we do about the reinforcements?”

“Our main plan, Your Highness, is to send more of them from here. And

our secondary one... My apologies, but we would like Hero-sama to lead

them.”

The staff officer who proposed the plan was standing at attention. The

reason they’d suggested the main plan first was likely as a reserved appeal

to the hero. By all means, it was the best hand to play. But mere staff

officers and generals hadn’t the authority to directly order the hero into

battle. Sensing what they were asking of her, Hatsumi gave a resolute nod.

“We can’t afford to stay idle. The number of reinforcements we can send

to the other fortresses is limited. So that we’re ready when the main force of

the demon army makes a move, we can’t spare too many men.”

“Then that’s that.”

“Since our troop is both mobile and quite capable, there’s no other

choice than for us to handle this.”

It seemed each of her companions was in agreement with her.

“Then that’s enough talk. We’ll move out once preparations are

complete, so please take care of the arrangements.”

Hatsumi modestly bowed her head to the present generals, who all

bowed back in a fluster.

★

After their strategy meeting, Hatsumi and the others took action quickly.

They hadn’t even had the time to recover from their journey, so they left

behind the forces they’d brought with them and spearheaded a group of

fresh soldiers the generals had in waiting. From there, they headed for the

north-northeast fortress in the borderlands.

They were intentionally heading where the demon attacks were fiercest.

In an open and slightly elevated position between the mountains and

forests, there stood a tall defensive wall made from roughly-hewn

darkwood. Watchtowers were stationed in all four cardinal directions. It was

far from top-tier security, but it had so far managed to hold the fortress

contained within.

Unlike the main fortress where Hatsumi and the others had just come

from, this one had already been taken once and recaptured. The destruction

and subsequent restoration meant the facilities weren’t in the best repair.

The sturdy darkwood walls were battle-scarred, and sections were missing

here and there. At first glance, the whole thing seemed flimsy.

But upon arriving, things were much quieter here than anyone had

expected. It seemed that the demons’ assault had come to a stop for the

moment. They could see the fortress scrambling to recover after a skirmish,

but at present, they were not being attacked. Leaving the forces they

brought with them to Selphy, Hatsumi went ahead with Gaius and Weitzer

into the fortress and ascended the main watchtower.

The fortress’ commander was surveying the situation from there, and

was in the middle of giving out orders to the troops below. Based on the

shoulder pads he was wearing, he seemed to be an officer from Larsheem.

As Hatsumi and the others approached, he stiffly fell to one knee. After

Gaius ordered him to be at ease, he immediately cut to the chase.

“How’s the situation?”

“Sir, the battle with the demons has currently fallen into a stalemate. It

seems those demons are also at a loss on how to continue and let up on their

attack. We’re currently tending to our wounded and repairing the fortress.”

The commander gave his report in a slightly excited tone. He was

probably still filled with adrenaline and exaltation from the previous day’s

battle. Seeing him like this, Gaius flashed his characteristic smile.

“You held out, huh? You did good.”

“Those words are more than I deserve, General Forvan.”

The commander lightly bowed his head in a display of gratitude.

Hatsumi then asked him for further details.

“So, are those the demons?”

The commander gave her an enthusiastic nod, still clearly in an

exuberant state. From the top of the watchtower, they could see all the way

down to the foot of the hill. That’s where Hatsumi’s attention was. And for

one simple reason: that’s where the demon army was. Preparing to lay siege

to the fortress again, they were organizing themselves at the bottom of the

hill.

They weren’t carrying out their business in the orderly fashion a human

army would be, but they were digging trenches and placing makeshift walls

of cut wood. At the very least, it looked like a proper military encampment.

Hatsumi couldn’t get an extensive view of the area behind them, but it also

looked like they’d laid waste to the outskirts of the region. It was likely a

measure to slow any pursuing troops should they have to retreat.

“It looks like they’re getting into battle formation to show up.”

“As long as they’re not attacking us, it’s fine. They’ll do that to try and

intimidate us. Once in a while, they’ll start howling or lay waste to the land.

They’re likely aiming to exhaust us...”

Before Hatsumi arrived, the fort was in dire straits. A little psychological

warfare might have been all it took to finish them off. The soldiers knew

they had reinforcements coming, but the time spent waiting chipped away

at their morale. The demons took advantage of that, doing what they could

to build anxiety and terror in the fort while they waited for the right time to

attack. But it was strange...

What the demons were doing made sense. It was strategically viable. In

other words, it was completely uncharacteristic of the savage demons. They

would normally lunge in for the kill at the first sign of weakness, so it was

extraordinarily unusual for them to bide their time to put pressure on an

already sapped opponent. It was possible that they were waiting for

reinforcements before attacking, but Hatsumi still thought it was rather odd.

Seeing the pensive look on her face, Weitzer called out to her.

“Hero-dono, is something the matter?”

“We should rout them, same as usual. But I do have to wonder... Aren’t

the actions of these demons strange?”

“I don’t believe there’s any additional information available than what

was just reported to us. There are no other demons in the area.”

“Then there doesn’t seem to be a problem.”

Immediately after Hatsumi made up her mind, Selphy’s voice rose up to

meet them from the foot of the watchtower.

“Hatsumi, a message has arrived.”

“What’s the news?”

“It seems the demons’ main army is on the move. The Alliance army is

currently moving in response.”

The time had come. A palpable tension mounted in the air with Selphy’s

report, and all who heard it were astir.

“Like we thought, it was a plan to disperse our forces... How insolent,”

Weitzer spat bitterly.

The demons had timed their attack to move on the main army after

they’d divided the Alliance forces as best they could. And in the end, the

humans had played right into their clutches. It was perfectly clear now that

the attacks on the north-northeast fortress were just a diversion.

“Let’s defeat them quickly and return. Also, Weitzer, when this is over,

assign the soldiers we brought along to this fortress.”

“To compensate for the defenses, right? As you wish.”

As Weitzer humbly agreed, Gaius looked to Hatsumi for orders.

“What do we do?”

“I’m planning to sally out and meet them from here. We’ll quickly

charge in and render them helpless, then drive them back. I think that’d be

best. What about you two?”

“I’m also in favor of this,” replied Weitzer.

“It’s not like there’s any other way to do it, really,” said Gaius.

That much was true. Hatsumi’s plan was their only real option. They

needed to go on the offensive, and they didn’t have time to spare. They

couldn’t afford to do something more intricate like lure the enemy

somewhere they could ambush them. And there would be too many

casualties if they only sent soldiers in for a frontal attack. That’s why it’d be

up to Hatsumi and the others. Now that they had their plan, Weitzer turned

to the commander.

“Commander, what is the status of the troops remaining in the fortress?”

“Many of them are wounded or exhausted. In a defensive battle, we

could put three quarters of them into action, but I think only about half are

up to a sortie.”

“Selphy, how about the soldiers we brought with us?”

“They had sufficient rest interposed during the march, so there should be

no problems having them participate.”

“Then have them prepare for battle at once. We’ll split our forces into

three units. The left and right flanks will protect both sides of the main

force led by Hero-dono as it cuts into the demon army. After forming up in

front of the fortress, we’ll move out immediately!”

As soon as Weitzer gave instructions, all the soldiers began moving. Not

only was he royalty, he was a companion of the hero. If he gave an order, it

would be followed to a T. Meanwhile, Hatsumi called out to Gaius.

“Let’s go right away as well. Are you ready?”

“Damn right. I’m itching to go.”

Gaius struck his palm with his fist as he replied. Watching him descend

from the watchtower, Hatsumi placed her foot on the railing and kicked off

of it as she jumped down. Such a daring, impressive act from the hero

would ordinarily make the soldiers boil with excitement, but right now,

nobody had the leisure to be watching what she was doing. Cutting through

the crowd of soldiers gathering in formation, Hatsumi dashed to the front

gate.

Once preparations for battle were complete, the signal whistle to open

the gate resounded through the air. And as the gate opened, Hatsumi turned

around to face the troops forming ranks behind her. She could see the faces

of soldiers brimming with excitement to follow her—the hero—into battle.

She didn’t need to give a single word of inspiration.