Titania’s unnatural laugh filled the room. To anyone who knew the

actual situation, it was a blatant attempt to throw off her friends, but Reiji

and Mizuki didn’t know anything about that.

“Well, it’s true that Suimei-kun can be pretty flippant here and there.”

“There’s no denying that. But when it comes to it, he’s the type who gets

things done.”

“I agree there... though reluctantly.”

Reiji let out a bitter smile as Titania tersely agreed with him. Then, in

the interest of discussing something more pressing, she changed the subject.

“And so, Reiji-sama, what shall we do from here?”

“Our original plan was to go to the self-governed state, right?”

“Yes. The plan was to give solace to the citizens and inspire the soldiers

as usual. Is something the matter with that?”

Reiji’s expression clouded over like there was a worry weighing on him.

“...Yeah. I’ve been thinking about it. That I’m actually rather weak.”

“Pardon?”

“Reiji-kun, what are you saying...?”

Titania was taken aback by his words, while Mizuki looked at him with

narrowed eyes. However, Reiji shook his head suggesting it wasn’t really

that off the mark.

“I mean, back in Astel, I was overpowered by Rajas. Elliot even held

back on me. Moreover, I felt like Princess Graziella’s magic was a real

threat.”

“So all of this has made you question your strength?”

As Titania predicted what he had to say, Reiji nodded seriously. Mizuki,

however, spoke up in exasperation.

“You know what, Reiji-kun? Someone like me still can’t fight properly

you know? I somehow got by in our fight with the princess that night, but

compared to that, haven’t you always been fighting? I mean, for real?”

“Mizuki... I received the divine blessing from the hero summoning,

right? Even with that, I got overwhelmed by an enemy I was meant to fight,

and someone who received the same blessing was easily able to put me in

my place. Do you think that’s really okay?”

“Reiji-kun...”

Mizuki called his name in a worried voice as Reiji expressed why he

thought he was unreliable. But after quietly listening to his inner thoughts,

Titania’s attitude completely changed and she questioned Reiji with an

increasingly firm expression.

“I will be repeating a question I have already asked, but, Reiji-sama, you

said that you were a stranger to swordplay, magic, and combat when you

came to this world, did you not?”

“...That’s right, but Elliot had a lot of composure over me you know?”

“I have heard that the hero of El Meide was a heroic warrior in his own

world. There was a gap between the two of you from the very beginning. I

believe it’s more remarkable that you’ve already managed to close the

distance on him.”

“...”

Reiji knew that Titania had a point, but it all just felt like an excuse to

him. Stuck in a whirlpool of anxiety, he couldn’t find any consolation in

what she was saying. Understanding just how he felt, however, Titania

continued to criticize his way of thinking.

“I know your heart, Reiji-sama. But the thing we call strength is not

something that can be mastered in a single day. Strength, and the dignity

attached to it, can only be obtained after experiencing and surviving all

manner of things that would cut you down. That is why, if you truly desire

strength, the only way to get it is to fight. And is that not what you will be

doing from now on?”

After speaking her mind rather adamantly, Titania switched to a

somewhat calmer tone as she continued.

“It is something that happens quite often... to march forward impatiently

only to go down the wrong path. That is why I believe—for your own good

— that we must proceed carefully as we look ahead of us.”

Even once she was finished speaking, Titania continued to stare at Reiji.

Reiji closed his eyes for a brief moment, and then looked up at the ceiling.

“...That’s right, isn’t it? Yeah, I got it.”

Perhaps because she was so frankly addressing the heart of his concerns,

Titania’s words struck a chord deep within Reiji. His expression brightened

ever so slightly, and the two companions nodded to each other. Mizuki,

however, addressed her two companions as she bit her lip.

“But... I know this is weird coming from me, but I think it’s undeniable

that we are out of our depth, right? I think that if we’re not at least as strong

as Felmenia-san and Lefille-cha... I mean Lefille-san... we’re gonna end up

at the end of the line pretty soon.”

“That is...”

Titania was also concerned on that point. If Suimei hadn’t weakened

Rajas as much as he did, Reiji and Mizuki would have been forced into a

much harder fight. And from here, there would be other demons equally as

strong, not to mention the Demon Lord who likely surpassed all of them.

Against such enemies, there would probably be nothing they could do. The

wrinkle between his eyebrows grew more pronounced as he racked his

brain and turned to the two girls.

“What do you think we should do?”

“Dunno. Training or something?”

“That’s kind of trite, isn’t it?”

“But isn’t it about the only method we have?”

While Mizuki was struggling with the difficult problem presented to

them, Titania spoke with a quiet resolution like she had some sort of

brilliant plan.

“There is one suggestion I would like to make.”

“What’s that?”

“It will not make you physically stronger, Reiji-sama, but if we go to the

self-governed state of the Saadias Alliance, the equipment used by a hero

previously summoned is still there.”

Hearing those words, Mizuki, who was still lounging on the couch,

suddenly sat up.

“Th-Then it’s some kind of legendary weapon, right?! Right?!”

“If you had to describe it in such tacky terms, then yes, it is.”

“That kind of thing exists?”

“Yes. A long time ago, a king who possessed tremendous power in the

self-governed state plotted to conquer its neighboring countries. Sensing the

impending crisis, the Church of Salvation performed the hero summoning

ritual to defeat the tyrant. It is said that the esteemed hero summoned at that

time possessed a substantial amount of power and wielded a very powerful

weapon. Not just that weapon, but altars used to revere the tyrant as a god,

books kept by the tyrant, and all manner of other things have been kept by

the church as relics.”

“And so you’re saying we should go get that weapon?”

“If we do, I expect it will raise our combat potential.”

“Yeah, yeah! Good idea! Let’s go with that! This is a legendary weapon

we’re talking about! How much better can you get?!”

Aside from the suddenly high-spirited Mizuki, Reiji also thought that

retrieving the weapon would be a good plan. Improving himself was

important, but in a fight, his weapon would also be essential.

And just as their conversation was coming to a head, an unexpected

knock came at the guest room door. Reiji and the others turned towards the

door, and a familiar voice came from the other side.

“Excuse me. I was informed that the hero Reiji was here, but... May I?”

“Yeah. That’s you, isn’t it, Elliot? By all means, come in.”

With Reiji’s permission, Elliot and Christa entered the room.

“Hello, Elliot. What’s the matter today?”

“Nothing really. I was told to come to the castle, so I did. And since I’m

here, I decided to come and greet you as well.”

“Sorry for the trouble, but thanks for coming.”

“I must admit I did have something I wanted to talk about, however.”

Before moving on to what Elliot wanted to talk about, Reiji cut in with

something he had to say first.

“By the way, it seems that you made all sorts of arrangements for us

with regards to what happened.”

“Aah, that...? Hmph, I resent things going exactly the way that man

planned, but I couldn’t refuse him when it was all for the hero’s sake, after

all.”

“Thank you. You saved us.”

“No, no, you needn’t worry about it. Indeed, you can just think of me as

being meddlesome. Ah, but if you see that guy again, do tell him he owes

me. It’s only proper to repay one’s debts.”

“Hahaha... Got it.”

It seemed that he’d make it a point to show no mercy to Suimei. Reiji

acknowledged his request with a smile. Mizuki then cocked her head to the

side.

“I know it’s rather sudden to ask, but what do you plan to do from here,

Elliot-kun?”

“Hmm? Ah, well, we spent quite a bit of time discussing it, but we are

planning to stop our sympathy calls and start meeting up with the other

summoned heroes.”

“I see... That’s also quite important, isn’t it?”

Reiji was a bit stunned. Nobody had ever suggested that to him, so the

thought had never crossed his mind.

“This is my business with you today. I want us to be able to keep in

touch before moving into the decisive battle. It is also important that we can

mobilize the armies of all the other nations. In this kind of situation,

frankly, it is best to act in harmony, no? Though I do not know whether or

not we will be able to rely completely on the power of the church for that.”

Cooperation was at a disturbing low between the nations, likely due to

the cynicism of the majority of world leaders currently in power. It seemed

Elliot had put quite a lot of thought into the subjugation of the demons.

“That is why, when it comes down to it, we will have to be able to

gather our forces. Frankly speaking, I do not think an order from the church

would be sufficient. So I thought that I would first start with the Alliance,

which is closest to us right now...”

A bitter expression swept over Elliot’s face as he trailed off.

“Ah, but I also heard they were headed towards the Alliance. I would

like the chance to see Lefille-chan and Felmenia-chan again, but that man

will be with them, won’t he?”

“Do you really dislike Suimei-kun that much, Elliot-kun?”

“The mere sight of his face somehow causes me great offence. I heard

the hero summoned by the Alliance was quite the beauty, so it’s regrettable,

but... Ow!”

“Elliot-sama!”

“Yes, yes. It was just a joke. A joke, all right?”

Elliot tried to calm Christa down in a fluster. From Reiji and Mizuki’s

perspective, it looked like a Nioh was standing behind Elliot. After trying to

soothe her anger for a while, he unnaturally cleared his throat to try and

clear the air.

“Ehem! So, in short, we will be going through Astel to meet the hero in

Thoria. So, about you three...”

“We’re heading to the self-governed state,” Mizuki declared as she

excitedly threw her arms up in the air.

“The self-governed state, you say?” Christa asked.

“We’re also putting our sympathy calls on hold and going to get a

legendary weapon left behind by a past hero.”

“Legendary weapon...? Ah, that thing.”

“Oh? Do you know about it, Elliot-kun?”

It seemed he had some idea what they were talking about. But when

asked about it, his expression quickly shifted from one of understanding to

one of puzzlement.

“Sacra... something or other, was it? It had a name like that.”

“Huh? Sakura? What about sakura?”

“Elliot-sama, it is Sacrament.”

“Yes, that. I also heard it was a great weapon, but when I went to see it,

it was just a decoration with a blue gem in it.”

“Could it be... you took it?”

“Well, I intended to.”

Elliot paused there. Reiji wasn’t sure what that meant, and he also didn’t

know what Elliot meant by the weapon being “just a decoration.” As Reiji

and his companions all raised a collective eyebrow, Christa gave them the

answer to their unasked question.

“Based on written records, it is certain that it was passed down as a

weapon. According to legend, however, it will not transform into a weapon

until it is wielded by... someone deemed appropriate.”

Christa hesitated to say it. Titania then looked at Elliot.