“Truly? From what I’ve seen and heard, he simply appears to be a

mage...”

“If I may...” politely interjected Felmenia. “Suimei-dono is one of the

people I summoned alongside the hero in the hero summoning ritual. He is

a mage from another world—a magician.”

“You don’t say... So this is a mage from the same world as Astel’s

famous hero, huh? I see. So that’s what makes you so strong... I guess you

really are powerful then, aren’t you, little fellow?” With a grin, Rumeya

took another gulp from her cup. “Good grief, this is getting ridiculous... Are

other worlds filled with nothing but strong men and women?”

“No... It isn’t quite like that.”

“Hmm? Is that so? I heard that the heroes summoned this time around

were all more or less exceptionally strong.”

This was the first Suimei had heard of it, and he began counting out the

heroes he knew on his fingers.

“Let’s say Reiji’s a bust and that playboy hero from El Meide is

passable. That means the others would be...”

“I don’t know much about the hero summoned by Thoria, but the hero

summoned by the Alliance is an incredibly skilled swordswoman. She took

her place on the battlefield and had no trouble driving back the demon

army. Though I must say I haven’t actually met her yet.”

“Now that you mention it... Didn’t we also hear something about that in

the first town we visited?” asked Felmenia.

“As I thought... those summoned by the hero summoning ritual are

simply on a different level,” Lefille sighed.

As those discouraged words escaped her lips, Lefille’s face clouded

over. She was likely feeling powerless, thinking about how she’d been

unable to save her own country.

“I heard the demon army that attacked the Alliance was only a third of

the size of the one that attacked Noshias, you know. Otherwise, I wouldn’t

be sitting here smoking tobacco like I hadn’t a care in the world.”

Rumeya was trying to cheer Lefille up in her own way by telling her she

had nothing to feel bad about. And hearing that, Lefille’s expression began

to clear up. Rumeya gave her a grand smile as she puffed a cloud of smoke

out of her pipe. She then leaned in over the table.

“So, Suimei, tell me truly. Just how strong are you?”

“Well, enough that I’m not embarrassed about it.”

Lefille and Liliana both looked quite astonished at Suimei’s modest

appraisal.

“That’s rich, Suimei-kun. Don’t lie to the lady.”

“Seriously... That’s... outright deception.”

“Hey now, what’s with you two?”

Lefille and Liliana both looked at him critically, but he could only look

back at them in confusion. He’d given the humble answer he thought

anyone would... How had they taken it? Next, even Felmenia let out an

astonished sigh.

“Did you not defeat Her Royal Highness back in the imperial capital,

Suimei-dono?”

“Oh? White Flame-dono, when you say ‘Her Royal Highness,’ that

would be the Twilight Beheading Princess, no? That’s quite something, I

must say.”

Rumeya let out a grand laugh. She was probably aware of Titania’s true

power. Felmenia then once more turned her reproachful gaze on Suimei.

“I’ve suggested this before... but would everything not end peacefully if

you just went to defeat the Demon Lord yourself, Suimei-dono?”

“No way, no how. I don’t care what you say or how you put it, that’s

unreasonable. I told you before and I’ll say it again: I’d be too outnumbered

for power to matter.”

“Couldn’t we solve that by gathering sufficient troops?”

“We could in theory, but then the soldiers who came to support me

would also have to be prepared to get caught up in my magicka.”

“Maybe so... But with your talents, Suimei-dono...”

Felmenia was still stubbornly clinging to the idea. Suimei made a

serious face in reply, and answered her as a magician.

“Menia, you’re thinking about using magicka by this world’s standards,

aren’t you? I taught you about mystical entropy the other day, right? Thanks

to the small amount of entropy produced by the mages here, you don’t have

any problems using magic on the battlefield. But I can’t recklessly fire off

magicka repeatedly in the same place. Moreover, all the troops trying to

support me would get stuck in the big magicka explosions. It wouldn’t go

well, see?”

“Oh...”

“But Suimei-kun,” Lefille chimed in. “You could fight without using

large-scale magicka, right?”

“You mean like that one time? It’s true I defeated about ten thousand of

them back then, but I took quite a beating for it. There was also the fact that

I was pretty pissed then and wasn’t really paying attention to myself or my

surroundings... But the fight dragged on long enough that entropy didn’t

really come into play.”

As he finished, Rumeya smirked like she couldn’t wait to jump into the

conversation.

“Huhu... In that case, you could just go around and defeat the enemy

commanders, right? That would drastically reduce the fighting, I’d think.”

That much was certainly true. It was a sound strategy to cut off the head

first. But that may not work in a war against demons, and Suimei knew

better.

“It’s still unreasonable. Striking down the generals will surely give us

the upper hand on the battlefield, but in the long term, it won’t make much

difference. If we slay all the demon generals, another batch will just replace

them and receive divine protection from the Evil God.”

“...What do you mean by that?”

“They’re individually strong, sure, but the demons are also given a

fragment of the Evil God’s power. So even if we slay the stronger demons,

the Evil God will just shift the power it had invested in them to someone

else. In effect, their collective strength won’t decrease all that much. If they

had some genius tactician that we could take out, however, that might

work...”

“Then, Suimei-dono, what can we even do to do take out the threat the

demon army poses?”

“It’s just conjecture on my part, but I don’t think there’s anything we can

do short of thinning their numbers.”

“What do you mean?”

“In short, the problem is the Evil God’s capacity to intervene in this

world. The beings we refer to as deities inhabit a different plane of

existence, and are fundamentally unable to interfere with this one. That’s

why they have to appeal to beings of this realm and have them act as

agents. Well, there’s the exception of doing something like the hero

summoning, but generally speaking, interfering in other worlds requires an

indirect approach. For example, in the case where a deity wants to take over

the world for themselves, they’d have to take the roundabout path of getting

their hands on a large population of beings who sympathize with them.

Followers, if you will. Like what the demons are to the Evil God.”

After taking a short pause, Suimei continued his explanation in his own

way.

“They can either whisper to people in their dreams to brainwash them,

or conceive fallen children. Either way, a deity is able to increase the

number of pawns under their control. And when the number of people

seeking a deity’s power increases, their grip around this world tightens. It

increases their ability to interfere here. When that happens, the deity can

share its power with even more people... and bring more people under their

control. And once they gain even more followers...”

“Hmph... A cycle begins, right?”

Hearing Rumeya groan, Suimei returned a nod.

“That’s right. That’s why, as long as so many demons exist in this world,

their god’s power will remain unchanged. So, effectually, the only way to

bring about a resolution would be to do something about the Evil God itself.

That, or decimate its followers until its ability to interfere in this world is no

longer a threat. Basically, we’d need to kill a whole lot of demons. That

said, going up against the Evil God directly would be, without a doubt,

madness.”

The proverbial saying was: “Before going after the general, one should

first go after their horse.” The situation was something like that.

“Well, this is all assuming the origin of the demons’ power and evil gods

work the same as they do in my world...”

“So to summarize what Suimei-dono is saying, to do something about

the demons, something must be done about the Evil God. And to do

something about the Evil God, something must be done about the

demons...”

“How... bothersome,” said Liliana with an exhausted sigh.

“No kidding,” agreed Suimei with a similar sigh.

Thinking about it like that, this just feels like it’s going to play out like

some tower defense game where both sides are constantly trying to drive the

other back. Too bad we can’t just release this world and its people from

their dependence on divine beings... Wait...

When that thought crossed his mind, Suimei realized he’d heard

something similar back in the first town they’d come to in the Alliance. The

Anti-Goddess Cult there was advocating for the people to take hold of their

faith and free themselves from the fetters of the Goddess. If the cult had

really managed to grasp the truth of the situation and was acting on that...

Nah, there’s no way.

Suimei hated overthinking things, so he quickly shook his head and put

such speculation out of his mind. He was giving them too much credit. The

people of this world hardly had any real knowledge of divine beings,

meaning they lacked the framework to come to that kind of conclusion. And

there was no way they’d figured it out by chance. As Suimei was clearing

away his doubts, a light gleamed in Rumeya’s eyes as she seemed to

remember something.

“It seems we’ve gone a fair bit off topic, haven’t we? What were we

talking about to begin with again?” she asked.

“Whether or not... Suimei is a liar... right?”

“Hey, Liliana, don’t lie so nonchalantly.”

“My apologies. I meant... whether or not... he’s a big liar.”

“Hey...”

Suimei hung his head in defeat as he watched Liliana continue her little

joke with a charming smile. But then both Lefille and Felmenia took her

side.

“Lily isn’t wrong.”

“Certainly not.”

“How mean...”

Suimei no longer had any allies.

“Anyway, I still haven’t asked, but what brings you all to the Alliance?”

said Rumeya.

“We talked about how I was summoned from another world earlier,

right? We came here looking for clues as to how I might get back. I read in

an old book from Astel that the first hero summoning ritual was performed

somewhere in the Alliance.”

“So you came to poke around? I must say you’re in luck. In fact, the

place where the first ritual was performed is indeed in the Alliance,”

Rumeya replied with a nod as though she knew exactly what he was talking

about.

“Really?”

“Yes. But about that... Right now, it’s in the demon’s sphere of

influence. I’m sure you heard that the demons invaded the Alliance because

it was in the way geographically speaking. I doubt you looked into the

matter any more than that, but when they first attacked, they took over quite

a lot of territory, you see. That included the ancient ruins where the first

ritual took place.”

“Great... If that’s the case...”

“Yes, if you want to go there, you’ll have to do something about the

demons who are still hanging around.”

Rumeya spoke with a serious expression as if she was trying to warn

them. She meant to say it would be a dangerous undertaking. Reading

between the lines, Suimei let out a grand sigh.

“Hahh... Of course it turned out to be something like this...”

Suimei slouched back into the sofa and looked up at the ceiling. He felt

drained of his strength just knowing that a large scale battle with the

demons was now unavoidable. Lefille then turned a knowing look on him.

“Suimei-kun, it seems fate will not allow you to flee from battle.”

“Cut it out, Lefi. Throwing around clichés like that... Honestly.”

“So? Will you dive into the fight by your own will, Suimei-dono?”