demons in the area. There’s no longer any need for us to do anything.”

“Heh, what a waste of our heroic resolve...”

“That’s something to be grateful for. But even so, this kind of magic...

Just who could...”

As Weitzer furrowed his brow, the rear line of soldiers parted, and a

single woman approached. She had glossy silver hair and wore a robe the

same color as the flame that had just incinerated the demons. There was no

doubt she was the one who’d cast the spell. It was, of course, none other

than Felmenia.

“It seems we made it in time...”

“Just now, that was you— Wait, aren’t you that little lady that I met at

the restaurant?!”

Gaius’s eyes shot wide open in surprise when he spotted a familiar

figure. Recognizing him too, Felmenia gave a polite greeting.

“A pleasure, Forvan-dono.”

“Y-Yeah...”

“Do you know her? Just who is she?” asked Selphy.

“I just happened to meet her at a restaurant on my way back last time,

but... That really was some amazing magic. A white flame, huh?”

After seeing Felmenia’s magic and hearing Gaius’s brief story, Selphy

looked a little surprised. She seemed to have figured it out.

“Could you be the mage from Astel they call the White Flame, Felmenia

Stingray-dono?”

“What?! U-Um...”

Having her identity revealed immediately, Felmenia began to panic.

Though in truth, she should have known this would happen when she used

her signature white flame.

“Hey, hey, hey! Wait a minute! This little lady is the White Flame...?”

“What is a court mage of Astel doing here?” Weitzer asked, seemingly

aware of who Felmenia was as well.

That was when Suimei stepped out from behind her.

“Well, a lot happened.”

“You’re—”

“Yo.”

Seeing Weitzer completely dumbstruck, Suimei waved lightly. It was a

greeting meant for Gaius and the others as well, but with Suimei acting so

casually, Gaius seemed to come to some kind of a realization.

“Ah, since the little lady’s here, I shoulda known you’d be, too.”

“Well, yeah. Besides, it’s not just us, you know?”

As he said this, Suimei looked over to Rumeya, who was smoking her

pipe.

“Hello, Larsheem’s General of the Fist. It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

“Ugeh?! Sasanqua of the Seven Swords!”

“Huh? What’s with the “ugeh”? Do you want me to beat you to a pulp

again?”

“Give me a break... I mean, please.”

Gaius’s usually foolhardy demeanor crumbled before Rumeya. It was

quite clear they had a history. Selphy, on the other hand, addressed Rumeya

with a curious expression.

“So you’re the reinforcements from the guild?”

“Yeah, that’s right. By the way...”

As Rumeya began looking around, Lefille and Liliana approached the

group as well.

“It looks like you’ve been pushed back quite a bit.”

“It’s not... a good situation.”

“The little lady with the sword and the tiny one are here too, huh? Yeah,

the number of demons far exceeded what we were expecting.”

Both Lefille and Liliana were quite experienced in battle and had no

trouble reading the situation. Rather than not good, it was just plain bad.

They weren’t exactly backed up against a wall, but it was taking everything

they had just to hold the front line. Hearing this, Rumeya let out a sigh and

frowned.

“So that’s the kind of mess we’re in... I’ll send the lot from the guild into

action then. You don’t mind, right, Prince Weitzer?”

“No. I thank you for your assistance, Sasanqua-dono.”

During this exchange, Suimei was looking around dubiously. He

suddenly realized that somebody who was supposed to be there... wasn’t.

“Have you seen Hatsumi, Menia?”

“Now that you mention it, she doesn’t appear to be here...”

Felmenia began looking around too, but neither of them saw her

anywhere. What Suimei did see, however, were the bitter expressions on the

faces of the people from the Alliance. He decided to try asking them.

“Hey, where’s Hatsumi?”

“...What will you do with that information?”

Weitzer returned a question of his own in an irritated tone. Hearing this,

Suimei grimaced and shot right back at him.

“The hell? Got a problem with me asking?”

Suimei glared at him sharply, but Weitzer only glared back and stayed

silent. Seeing this display, the soldiers from Miazen were filled with anger.

They couldn’t stay silent seeing some ingrate treat their prince with such

disrespect. On their behalf, a staff office came forward and flared up at

Suimei.

“Hey, you bastard! How dare you speak like that to His—”

“Shut up and mind your own business.”

There was no time to get into some petty argument, so Suimei wasted no

time forcibly shutting the staff officer’s mouth. No longer able to open his

mouth by his own will, the staff officer was frozen in surprise for a

moment, and then struggled to open his mouth with his hands.

“Anyone else wanna fucking complain? Step right up.”

As Suimei scowled at the crowd, the soldiers faltered. Though a little

late, Gaius gestured to them and warned them to stay back. In a complete

change from the friendly attitude from before, Suimei’s face was twisted

with irritation. It was Selphy who finally offered an answer to his question.

“Hatsumi is not here.”

“She’s not?”

“No...”

Selphy shook her head as she answered quietly. She then told Suimei

and the others what had happened at the boundary fortress.

“...So you guys were ambushed?”

“And then we were scattered. The rest of us met back up here...”

“So that’s what happened, huh...?”

Hearing Weitzer groan as he finished explaining why Hatsumi wasn’t

present, Suimei pinched his brow. Things had taken an unexpected turn—

possibly the worst imaginable.

“A rescue... If it was something you could do, you’d already be doing it,

right?”

Without waiting for anyone to reply, Suimei seemed to come to an

answer on his own. He stayed silent for a moment, then turned to Selphy

with a firm expression.

“So, which way?”

“Which... way?”

“Which way was that fortress?”

“Why are you asking something like that, you bastard?” Weitzer cut in.

“I’m gonna save her. Duh. Knowing the general direction will make

things easier.”

Though gripped with surprise, Weitzer flared up.

“You... If you do that, it will mean plunging into the demon army, you

know?!”

“Yeah, I didn’t need you to tell me that.”

“What?! Then don’t be foolish! Just what exactly do you intend to

accomplish by throwing yourself at the demons?!”

Certainly, in a normal situation, that might seem rather reckless. Suimei

could somewhat understand why Weitzer was so worked up, but he got the

feeling there was more to it.

“Hey, just what’s got you so angry?”

“I am not particularly angry!”

“Okay, well then calm down. But either way, I need to go save Hatsumi.

If someone doesn’t, it’ll be bad, right? So this isn’t really the time to be

arguing about the details.”

Faced with Suimei’s completely reasonable argument, Weitzer was at a

loss for words. And then, as if swallowing down his anger, he cast his eyes

down in vexation. Perhaps he understood that he had lost his composure.

“...Are you saying you can do it?”

“I have to. That’s my job.”

Hearing Suimei say this, Selphy spoke up in a fluster.

“H-However, even if you head towards the fortress, you have no way of

knowing if you can catch up to her or which way she went...”

“I’ll just have to try my best and look for her. No one’s ever gonna find

her if no one’s looking, right?”

“But you know, lad, that place you’re talking about going to is flooded

with demons, right?”

“That’s why you’ll distract them, geezer. If you do, I can get by, no

problem.”

Suimei shook off all of their anxieties like they were nothing. And all

three of them sank into silence.

“Then Suimei-dono, I will go with...”

Just as Felmenia was about to offer to accompany him, Lefille stopped

her.

“No, Lady Felmenia. We will stay here.”

“What? Why?!”

“This is a losing battle. The Alliance soldiers are at a disadvantage

against those numbers on an open plain. If we don’t suppress the demons’

advance, we can forget about making a comeback. The soldiers won’t even

be able to hold the line. So it’s up to us to attract the demons.”

Lefille gazed over towards the melee on the battlefield as she explained

their goal to Felmenia. Watching her, Rumeya put her hand to her chin as

she laughed a little.

“You sure said it, Lefi. Do you see those numbers?”

“When those things invaded Noshias, the demons I cut down myself

numbered about that many.”

Lefille fearlessly boasted of her skill. They were reassuring words for

anyone going into battle at her side, though Weitzer and the others from the

Alliance didn’t pay her much attention. Surely it was bravado. Liliana

couldn’t help asking.

“Lefille, that’s... a lie... right?”

“Yeah, of course it’s a lie.”

Though she said that, her tone wasn’t particularly convincing. When

Noshias was invaded by demons, Suimei had heard there was a

preposterous number of them. If that was true, and taking into account

Lefille’s true abilities...

“Um, Suimei-dono...”

“Yeah, I don’t think she’s really lying...”

Felmenia and Suimei whispered to each other. He didn’t think it was

necessarily true down to the number, but he was certain that she had slain

an unbelievable sum of demons. It was very possible that she could take

down the entire army in front of them without breaking a sweat. Hearing

Lefille’s boast, however, Rumeya burst into laughter.

“My, my... You’re in quite a good mood, aren’t you?”

“I’m just happy I’ll be able to vent my anger after all this time. I haven’t

fought any demons since I was in Astel.”

Lefille’s cold voice was filled with an extraordinary wrath as she spoke.

She then turned towards Suimei.

“So that’s how it is, Suimei-kun.”

“Thanks, I’ll leave it to you. You too, Menia, Rumeya.”

“You can count on us.”

“Yeah, yeah. Get it done lickety-split and save her, you hear?”

After the two of them replied, Liliana, who had been following along,

mumbled apologetically.

“There’s nothing... that I can do...”

“You played a huge role this time in your own way. For now, just watch

Menia’s magicka and learn as much as you can.”

Hearing Suimei reassure her, Liliana nodded back. And with that, the

conversation swiftly came to an end, though anxiety still lingered in the air.

That was natural, however, considering where Suimei was headed.

“It was the fortress to the northeast of here. But how will you get

through the demons?”

“I don’t have any intention of struggling my way through that mess.”

As Suimei said that, he nodded in the direction Selphy had pointed.

They could faintly see more demons gathering in the distance. They were

taking up a formation like they intended to defend. Getting through them