“So the hero from the Alliance that was just in the parade...”

“Is Suimei-dono’s acquaintance?!”

Lefille and Felmenia’s shocked voices resounded throughout the room.

After the hero’s victory parade, Suimei and the others gathered in the guild

master’s office at the Twilight Pavilion. Suimei was now seated on the sofa

with a profoundly grim expression on his face.

“There’s no mistaking that that girl was my childhood friend Kuchiba

Hatsumi. To think that she got summoned too...”

Suimei answered the girls with a heavy sigh. Felmenia and the others

were all completely astonished at the uncanny coincidence that Suimei was

suggesting: he knew the Alliance hero from his own world.

“So not only did you get swallowed into your best friend’s summoning,

but now your childhood friend’s been summoned here too? You’ve really

gotten tangled in some hapless fate here, haven’t you?”

Unsure whether it was just dumb luck or the influence of the stars,

Rumeya simply stared at Suimei in wonder with one eye shut as she puffed

on her pipe. It really was just as she said. Suimei could think of no better

way to describe it than “hapless fate.” There had to be something binding

the people who’d been summoned to this world together—that’s what

Suimei’s gut was now telling him. Pondering all this, Lefille recalled

Suimei’s earlier actions.

“So that’s why you were yelling like that?”

“Yeah. I was trying to get her attention, but... I don’t get it. She didn’t

react at all.”

“Could it be that it’s not really her, just someone who looks like her?”

“No. I mean, if it were just her looks, I might think that, but the clothes

she’s wearing are a dead giveaway. Not to mention she has the same name.”

“Hatsumi Kuchiba, right? It’s true that the names match...”

“Yeah...”

Suimei was groaning at his wits’ end. Liliana then put her doubt into

words.

“Couldn’t it simply be... that she didn’t hear you?”

“Maybe, but I swear our eyes met. She looked right at me. I find it hard

to believe she didn’t recognize me then.”

“But it’s possible... there were just so many people... that she just

overlooked you... right?”

“You think so? Maybe that’s all it was...”

Suimei nodded as if to convince himself. Just as Liliana said, there had

been so many on the street earlier that it was genuinely possible she hadn’t

been able to pick him out of the crowd. And nothing was going to be gained

by fretting about it.

“I’m going to have to meet with her and see for myself.”

Hearing Suimei’s declaration, Rumeya managed to guess what was

coming next.

“And that’s why you came to talk to me, right?”

“Yes. As a guild master, I thought you might be able to arrange a

meeting with the hero.”

Even if Suimei was an old friend of hers, to the people of the Alliance,

he was a nobody. It was difficult to imagine that they’d let just any civilian

have an audience with the hero. That’s why he’d chosen to come to

Rumeya, someone of importance in the community. He thought they might

be able to get somewhere with her title. But contrary to his hopes, Rumeya

shook her head sullenly.

“Sorry, that would be a little difficult.”

“Difficult... how?”

“Well, you see... According to the royal family, the hero doesn’t like to

go out much. It hasn’t been all that long since she was summoned, so it

seems she’s still rather unused to this world. The royal family doesn’t want

her to get overwhelmed, so audiences with her have been prohibited.”

“I see... So is that why you haven’t met her yet either, Rumeya-dono?”

“You guessed it. The royal family of Miazen is quite high-strung about

anything and everything concerning the hero. Even if I pulled all the strings

I could and threw around my weight, I doubt they’d let us see her.”

“That seems strange after letting her fight and making her participate in

a parade.”

“Doesn’t it? I honestly don’t know what they’re thinking either.”

Rumeya completely agreed with Suimei. It seemed she had her own

suspicions on the matter, and continued to puff away on her pipe with a

dissatisfied expression. It was Felmenia who timidly spoke up next.

“So the hero from the Alliance is your, um... good friend, right, Suimei-

dono? Does that mean she’s... on your mind?”

“Well, yeah.”

When Suimei smiled, Rumeya flashed a wicked grin.

“Oh? Goodness me, what a ladykiller. You’re already practically

drowning in beautiful women, yet you’re still on the prowl for a new catch?

You’re a bad boy, aren’t you?” she said, twirling her pipe around the end of

her finger.

“Wha...? N-No! That’s really not...”

Naturally, Suimei had no such intentions and readily denied her

accusation, but Felmenia and Lefille weren’t so convinced. Felmenia leaped

towards him while Lefille cast a cold, terrifying look his way.

“S-Suimei-dono, is that true?! Are those really your intentions?!”

“Suimei-kun, it seems you and I need to have a long, long talk.”

“Calm down, Menia! I just— Wait, Lefille... why are you looking at me

like that?”

Suimei was reeling at the sudden change in their attitudes. Rumeya got a

hearty laugh out of it.

“Well, all joking aside...”

“After throwing me under the bus like that? You got some nerve...”

Suimei glared at Rumeya, the resentment obvious in his eyes. But she

merely returned a foxy smile, as though she’d found some new toy to play

with.

“Suimei, it’s quite amusing to tease you, you know? Surely people did

this to you, even in the world you hail from.”

“Urgh...”

“Hahaha! That must mean I hit the bullseye! Seems that’s just your lot in

life, my dear.”

Rumeya continued laughing, thoroughly amused with Suimei. As he

lamented in his heart that he’d made yet another enemy, the smile suddenly

disappeared from her face as she regained her composure and looked at him

seriously.

“So, she’s on your mind because she’s your friend?”

“Yes. I’ve known her since I was very young. That’s why I want to

check on her. I don’t know for sure that she isn’t being forced to fight

against her will, after all.”

“Hmm...”

It seemed Rumeya hadn’t considered that possibility. The people of this

world by and large took for granted that the heroes came to save them. Of

course they would be willing to fight. The idea that that might not be the

case never even crossed most of their minds. For Suimei, however, it was a

natural enough worry.

Moreover, he still couldn’t quite get his head around why Reiji and

Elliot had taken up such a baffling stance on this hero business. It made no

sense to him, and he didn’t think he’d get to the bottom of it until he took a

serious look into it for himself. Talking to Hatsumi might prove to be a

good start. After calming down a bit, Felmenia cocked her head to the side

and raised a question as to how exactly he’d go about doing that.

“But what will you do, Suimei-dono? If we cannot make an appointment

with her directly, do you have some other way to reach her?”

“Well, if it comes to that, I do have a card up my sleeve...”

While stroking his chin, Suimei shifted his focus to the window. Night—

the magician’s day—was just about to fall. If Suimei couldn’t get in touch

with Hatsumi by normal means, he’d have to get creative.

★

Kuchiba Hatsumi suddenly felt a jolt run through her body.

“Hmm...?”

She slowly stirred from a deep slumber, and when she opened her eyes,

she saw her companion Selphy Fittney leaning over her.

“Please wake up, Hatsumi. It’s already nighttime.”

“Evening...?”

While rubbing her sleepy eyes, she straightened herself up and looked

around. She was on top of a bed in the private room that had been set aside

for her on the fourth floor of Miazen’s palace. The furnishings were kept to

a bare minimum, with only the bed and a dresser for clothing. A dark carpet

spread across the floor, and a wide courtyard could be seen from the

window. These were the frugal lodgings the royal family had allotted her.

Her face concealed by her hood, Selphy quietly continued to speak to

Hatsumi.

“Indeed, Hatsumi. You worked hard today.”

“...I fell asleep?”

“Yes, you were out like a light. You must have been having a good

dream, though. Your sleeping face was very peaceful.”

“Augh...”

Hatsumi couldn’t hide her bashfulness at the thought of someone seeing

her sleeping face. Her cheeks turned bright red, but rather than trying to

embarrass her, Selphy was being somewhat affectionate. Hatsumi couldn’t

see her face due to the shadow, but she felt like Selphy was smiling

underneath that hood of hers.

“What kind of dream were you having? Do you remember?”

“My dream...?”

She tried to recall its contents. And sure enough...

“...I dreamt I was a small child. In a place different from here. I was

racing a boy and horsing around with him.”

“The same dream as always, then?”

Hatsumi nodded towards Selphy’s gentle voice. She had no memories or

her previous life, but it was a dream she had often. In it, she was a small

child, and she was with a boy about her age. They would play around and

swing swords together. She had no evidence to prove it, but she thought it

must be a fragment of her past.

But then...

But then partway through, it shifted to a strange dream. There was a

stray dog. She was running from it, but fell and hurt herself. The boy chased

it off for her. Then he recited a good luck charm to heal her wounds. And at

last, he said...

“Whenever you’re in danger, I’ll come save you.”

The boy’s face was completely hazy in her mind. She couldn’t

remember it clearly. But when she recalled those words of his, there was a

faint ache in her chest. It felt like the pang of loneliness that came after

losing something.

Setting the matter of the dream aside, Hatsumi was surprised at herself.

She’d only intended to take a quick nap, but she’d completely passed out.

Somewhat disoriented, she turned to her companion.

“Selphy, just how long was I asleep?”

“I told you it’s nighttime already. You were out for quite a while.”

“Man, I really slept that much...? We were supposed to have that

strategic meeting this evening, weren’t we?”

“Indeed we were.”

“Aw man...”

After Hatsumi and her companions had dinner after the parade, they

decided to take a short break before meeting to discuss how they should

proceed in regards to the demon subjugation. Hatsumi, as the leader, had

suggested they reconvene in an hour for said meeting, but looking out the

window now, it was pitch black outside. Her little post-dinner nap had

lasted for well over two hours.

“The hour has gotten quite late, so I came to wake you.”

“It would’ve been fine if you’d done so earlier.”

“No, you seemed quite tired, so I thought it would be best to let you

rest.”

“Thank you, Selphy. So, where are Gaius and Weitzer?”

“They’re waiting in the next room over.”

“I see. Then let’s hurry—”

Before Hatsumi could finish her sentence, she could hear antsy footsteps

from the hallway. It was Gaius; he must have sensed that she had woken up.

And just as Hatsumi realized who was approaching, the door to her room

burst open without so much as a knock.

“Yoohoo! Is the little sleepyhead hero awake yet?”

That door must have been nothing but a single sheet of veneer to him.

As it banged open like it had been punched, a burly, musclebound man with

an affable smile came marching in and plunked right down on a chair like it

belonged to him. Selphy’s eyes glinted reproachfully from under her hood.