particular as she mumbled to herself with an anxious look in her eyes. “I’m

going to go support her. The lot from the guild all know a thing or two

about tactics, so you can command them as you like, Your Highness.”

With that, Rumeya ran off towards Lefille. Meanwhile, Felmenia and

Liliana were elsewhere on the battlefield dealing with a different group of

demons.

“It is about time we made a big move ourselves. Lily, please take care of

the demons who get close.”

“Understood.”

With that, Felmenia carefully began to fire off magicka while avoiding

the Alliance soldiers who were fighting. Unlike the right flank where Lefille

and the others had the demons completely overwhelmed, the left flank was

losing ground. The far left side had collapsed altogether. The plan, then,

was to pierce through the demons’ flank and take care of the ones who were

pinning down the soldiers on the front.

Naturally, Felmenia was using her signature magicka. Just as she burned

down the demons before, she wrapped them up in a brilliant flash of white

fire. The soldiers were surprised at the powerful support they were

receiving from behind. Felmenia glanced over her shoulder at Selphy.

“It was Fittney-dono, correct?”

“Y-Yes.”

After watching the mysterious white flame, Selphy’s eyes were open

wide. It was a spell she had never seen before this day. She was still gripped

by both surprise and admiration. Felmenia then gave her instructions.

“When you next use your magic, please add on the words I am about to

say to the end of your normal chant. Eva—no—Olgo, Luciula, Ragua,

Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron.”

“Olgo, Luciula...?”

Selphy made a puzzled expression like she didn’t really understand.

Liliana then questioned Felmenia’s decision.

“Felmenia, is it okay... to teach her?”

“There should be no problem. More importantly, it is essential that we

defeat the demons before us. As such, it would be regrettable to leave

Fittney-dono’s power unused.”

In the current situation where the demons had the upper hand, even the

power of a single mage might make the difference between life and death.

And a talented mage was a particularly welcome boon. Selphy raised a

timid voice, still completely perplexed.

“Um, just what are those words...?”

“They are called savage names. It is a supplementary chant that

increases the effects of magic. If you add it on to the end of your regular

chant, it will drastically increase the destructive power of that particular

spell.”

“That kind of thing exists?!”

“Yes. It is just as you saw with my magic just now.”

Selphy looked between Felmenia’s face and the demons who were still

being burned by her white flame. Liliana then lightly tugged on Selphy’s

robe.

“It’s... Olgo, Luciula, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron. But you

can’t... teach these words... to anyone else.”

The reason they didn’t share the same savage names Suimei and

Felmenia used was because they were difficult for the people of this world

to pronounce correctly without practicing. But, excited at the prospect of

these words increasing the power of her magic, Selphy held her breath.

From her tense expression, Felmenia and Liliana could tell that she was still

somewhat skeptical, but she began to chant the spell for her snowstorm

regardless.

“Oh Wind. Thou art the evil gale that carries the kiss of the frozen

glacier. Blow violently, grow strong, and trap my enemy within your superb

cage. No one and nothing escapes your icy prison, a baptism of the

snowstorm. Olgo, Luciula, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron!

Ephemeral Razing!”

After her keyword, her magic activated without a problem. However,

due to the unexpected amount of mana and force it unleashed, for a short

time, Selphy was unable to control it well and it began to run wild.

However, as expected of a titled mage, she quickly regained control of it

and focused its destructive power on the demons. The scale of the storm of

snow and ice could not even be compared to the version she’d used on

Suimei. This was a blizzard of pure death.

“A-Amazing...”

It did not reach the destructive power of Felmenia’s magicka, but it was

still more potent than any single spell a mage could ordinarily conjure. It

was a splendid performance. Continuing to get such powerful support from

the rear, the soldiers at the front fought bravely and without worry for the

flank. Seeing the power of the magic from her own hands, however, Selphy

stood there dumbfounded for a short while. Felmenia flashed a bit of a

smile.

“That was amazing, but...”

“If it were Suimei...” added Liliana. “He could fire off that much...

without savage names... and with both eyes closed.”

Selphy hung her head.

“As expected, it’s best to leave it to him for now, huh...?”

The depressed groan she let out sounded like frustration.

“Are you worried about the hero?” Felmenia asked curiously.

“Yes. Though it is presumptuous, I think of Hatsumi like a little sister.”

“Is that so...?”

Felmenia and Liliana were unaware of it, but just as Selphy said, she and

Hatsumi were close. After being summoned to this world, Hatsumi hadn’t

known right from left or even the first thing about herself. Selphy was the

one who’d taken care of her and helped her acclimate, so she felt a strong

bond with Hatsumi.

“Besides, because of my failure, Hatsumi’s memories...”

That also weighed heavily on her. Selphy felt that her ineptitude as a

summoner was the reason Hatsumi had lost her memories. She felt

responsible. Felmenia was able to sympathize there.

“Fittney-dono, I understand your feelings. When I did the hero

summoning ritual in Astel, Suimei-dono and Mizuki-dono... I ended up

summoning over people who never should have been involved.”

“Then... that was the accident that happened during Astel’s

summoning?”

“Yes.”

Felmenia looked down as she replied, but soon looked back up with a

determined gaze.

“I am sure you are worried about your hero, but you can count on

Suimei-dono.”

“If it’s him... he’ll bring back the hero... very soon.”

Felmenia and Liliana both reassured Selphy, which helped put her a

little at ease. She redirected her feelings into her staff, and began using her

magic to support the soldiers again. Seeing her newfound resolution,

Felmenia muttered to no one in particular.

“I must do my best too.”

“Felmenia?”

“I am still quite inadequate. If I am to be of use to Suimei-dono, I must

be diligent.”

With that, Felmenia once more began chanting her spells too.