★

Currently, Suimei and the others were gathering for a light meal at a

restaurant that was something like a tea house, but not everyone was

present. It was only Suimei, Felmenia, and Lefille so far. Liliana was

running late and hadn’t made it yet.

“So, how are things going on your end?” Suimei asked, turning to

Felmenia who was sitting next to him.

“There... wasn’t any particularly useful information,” she replied

meekly.

“Figured as much. I wasn’t really expecting anything to crop up after

just a couple of days...”

Hearing this, Lefille knit her brow and joined the conversation.

“I also didn’t hear anything about a trespasser infiltrating the palace.

They all want to talk about the hero, but it’s the same old thing.”

The day after Suimei snuck into Calnus Palace, he’d asked Felmenia and

the others help him with gathering information regarding not just Hatsumi,

but also affairs in Miazen more generally. To confirm Hatsumi’s situation,

Suimei knew he’d have to sneak back into the palace, but he wanted to

learn as much as he could before then.

The night he’d seen Hatsumi, she mentioned that she had amnesia. So

one of the first things he tried to investigate was how that might have

happened and if was indeed really amnesia. He and the girls had spent two

or three days now trying to get to the bottom of it, but in the end, they

hadn’t come up with anything useful in their scouring. It was almost like

there was a gag order surrounding information involving the hero. Everyone

they talked to about her would only say that she was beautiful, talented with

a sword, or some other generic fact; none of it was useful. Hearing that

Felmenia and Lefille had come to the same dead end he had, Suimei limply

put his chin on the table and sighed.

“To think we wouldn’t hear anything at all...”

“Indeed. Usually there’s at least someone with gossip...”

It was strange. To the people of this world, heroes were like celebrities.

There was a great deal of interest about them, and under normal

circumstances, the people would be clamoring to get the latest scoop on

their local hero. But just as Felmenia said, there wasn’t even gossip about

Hatsumi.

It was the same regarding news of the palace infiltration. It seemed the

matter was being kept hush-hush. The people of the city were apparently

none the wiser about it. But that much was to be expected. After all, a

stranger had not only infiltrated the palace, but had gotten away. Of course

the palace wouldn’t want word of that spreading. It was no coincidence,

however, that the number of guards patrolling the city had increased over

the past couple of days.

While Suimei and the girls were in the middle of talking about all this,

the teahouse doorbell jingled. The three of them all turned towards the

entrance, but there was no one there. At least, it didn’t look like it. But there

was an unmistakable presence that had entered the building. Just as they

tried to focus on it, Liliana pulled out a chair at the table and sat down.

“You made it.”

“Yes, just now. Also... the notebook you gave me was very useful.”

The emotions showing on her face were faint, but Liliana was both

surprised and impressed. Before they’d split up to gather information,

Suimei had given each of them a notebook filled with white paper. It

seemed it had come in handy.

“How was it for you three?” Liliana asked.

“I failed to produce anything of merit. In the end, today’s search was

fruitless as well.”

“Same for me.”

“I did get some people to talk to me, but... it was mostly nothing but

rumors with poor credibility and stories that were erratically dramatized.

Getting information from the Church of Salvation was my last resort, but it

seems they don’t really know anything either. I had to give up there.”

No one really had anything to show for themselves. Except for Liliana.

It seemed she’d at least gotten a taste of something.

“I also didn’t hear too much... but I did get a little something.”

“Really?” asked Suimei.

“Yes. I have it all here,” she replied with a nod.

Liliana then pulled out her notebook and began relaying what she’d

learned to her companions.

“There isn’t much information going around town about the hero

Hatsumi Kuchiba, which it seems you all experienced firsthand.”

“It’s strange, isn’t it?” Suimei asked.

“It is. The lack of information on the hero is outright baffling. It’s

possible that the citizens have information, but are unwilling to share. But

it’s particularly unusual that the Church of Salvation seems to know

nothing. In general, most heroes have an attendant from the church in their

retinue. At the very least, they have a contact within the church that they

report to. This is largely why the church is so well-informed in regards to

the heroes and their exploits. There are exceptions like Reiji-sama,

however. And I believe in this case that the royal family of Miazen is

monopolizing information on Hatsumi Kuchiba.”

“So it’s the state?”

“It’s probable that they don’t want the church to interfere while they use

the hero to earn glory as quickly as possible. Fairly transparent, don’t you

think?”

If what Liliana was suggesting was true, it would explain why Felmenia,

who usually brought back solid information, had turned up emptyhanded.

But as a completely separate matter entirely, Suimei couldn’t help but

notice Liliana was speaking more smoothly than usual today. Normally she

spoke at a tottering pace, but perhaps this was normal when she was giving

a work-related report.

“Now, moving on to Hatsumi Kuchiba herself, it seems she is unable to

use magic. Though I believe Suimei already knows this, she is apparently

quite skilled with a blade. Her sword style is called... the Phantom Sword of

the Kuru-ri-ku-kara Dhara... rarara?”

Having trouble making heads or tails of it, Liliana was frowning as she

tilted her head from side to side.

“The Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani,” said Suimei.

“Yes, that’s it. Also, as you mentioned before, Hatsumi Kuchiba may

have amnesia.”

“Did you find out any of the details?”

“It seems that the soldiers who fought alongside her often heard her

express concern over her lost memories to her companions. At the very

least, it seems certain her memory has been compromised in some way. As

you suggested before, Suimei, it may be wise to look into the possibility

that she is being brainwashed... though it is difficult to imagine someone

being able to do that to a hero under the Goddess’s protection.”

“Yeah. It’d be pretty hard to magically influence someone who’s

protected by a power of a higher-order than magic, if you think about it.”

Liliana nodded. Looking at her, a certain doubt crossed Suimei’s mind.

“At any rate, I’m surprised the soldiers talked to you.”

“I heard the heroic tales the soldiers were telling about how they

defeated the demons. Men like that are all around. And once they start

getting heated up talking about it, their lips loosen on other subjects as

well.”

“I see. So they just need a little riling, huh?”

“They’re also less guarded around people my age. Though I had to

tolerate them reeking of liquor,” she declared flatly.

To use her own physical appearance in such a way... It seemed she was

indeed a first-rate spy, even at her age. She was quite a terrifying little girl.

Having heard enough on that point, however, he urged her to continue.

“Then, next is the information I obtained regarding Hatsumi Kuchiba’s

companions. First off is the martial artist from Larsheem, Gaius Forvan. It

seems he was a well-known man to begin with, and I’ll leave his abilities

for later. Apparently when the demons invaded Larsheem not all that long

ago, he came to Miazen to appeal to the king directly. The king was

apparently unable to send troops right away, but Hatsumi Kuchiba offered

her support, and that was the beginning of their relationship. Then there’s

the mage named Selphy Fittney. She is a mysterious figure, but she was the

mage brought over from the self-governed state to summon Hatsumi

Kuchiba. Her specialties are wind and ice magic, earning her the title of

‘Snowstorm.’ This is just speculation on my part, but on the fragments of

information I procured, I believe she may be a half-elf. The way I

distinguish between an elf and a half-elf is entirely based on the Colonel’s

style, but again, I’m not completely certain on this point.”

Suimei was a bit stunned. Liliana had exaggerated a bit when she said

she’d gotten “a little something.” She’d practically turned into a fountain of

information. Felmenia and Lefille were both listening in astonishment as

well.

“Her third and final companion is Weitzer Ryerzen, the crown prince of

Miazen. He is one of the Seven Swords who is also known by his title:

‘Cloud of Death.’ At last year’s Seven Sword Kings festival, he earned a

reputation for defeating Princess Titania Root Astel in a fierce battle.

According to the rumors, he was charmed by Hatsumi Kuchiba’s skill with

a blade and has been following her around like an attendant.”

Suimei was impressed Liliana had gone as far as investigating Hatsumi’s

companions.

“...So you even investigated them too, huh?”

“I believed it to be necessary.”

He should have known better. This really was about what he should have

expected from a former intelligence agency operative. Suimei was belatedly

beginning to understand how she’d earned her place in the Elite Twelve.

“That’s about it, right...?”

“Sound like it.”

Suimei and Felmenia assumed that had to be the end of the intelligence

she’d gathered and went to move the conversation forward, but Liliana

shyly spoke up again.

“No, um, there’s still more...”

“Oh, really? What else did you get?”

“Well, it’s about the state of affairs regarding palace’s security.”

“What...?”

“WUH?!”

Felmenia was surprised, but Suimei could only make some strange noise

to express his shock. Lefille simply sat there in silence, stunned. She could

hardly believe what Liliana had accomplished.

“L-Lily, you even gathered that kind of information?”

“Yes. That’s the most critical information... isn’t it?”

“Y-You... You’re certainly right.”

Lefille couldn’t argue there. But she, just like Suimei and Felmenia,

didn’t know what else to say. They all assumed that it would be impossible

to get any substantial intelligence on the palace. But lo and behold, Liliana

had done it.

“As expected, after Suimei infiltrated the other day, security was

tightened. During the day, the guard has increased twofold. And at night,

threefold with frequent shift changes. It’s a countermeasure to prevent any

suspicious persons from mixing in with the guards. The patrols around the

palace have also increased across the board. At night, it also seems they’re

employing a number of skilled swordsmen and mages. Though I don’t think

any of them would be much of a threat for you, Suimei...”

“Well, I’ll manage one way or other on that front.”

“I’m sure. Now, regarding Hatsumi Kuchiba’s personal security... Ever

since the incident, it seems she is escorted everywhere.”

Both Felmenia and Lefille nodded, as this was pretty much on par with

what they’d expected. It was fairly predictable that they’d double up on

guards and such after what had happened.

“So it’ll all be a pain now...”

“So it seems...”

Suimei let out a groan, and Felmenia nodded. If Hatsumi always had a

bodyguard now, it would be much harder to get to her. All Suimei wanted to

do was talk, but if the other side considered him an enemy, he very well

may be attacked on sight. And since he really didn’t want to fight anyone,

the difficulty of just having a conversation with Hatsumi had gone up

considerably. And then, as if to emphasize her next point, Liliana narrowed

her amber left eye before speaking again.

“However... I don’t know the reason for it, but for some time now, it

seems that Hatsumi Kuchiba goes out on her own late at night.”

“Is that seriously true?”

“At least from what I’ve heard. And with that, would it not be possible

to meet her without anyone else around?”

“It just might...”