“Bastard, you seem quite frightened. I can’t approve of a man who can’t

at least bluff before his enemy.”

“Sh-Shut up! This is a normal reaction!”

“However, I don’t have any business with a scared weakling. Sorry, but

I’ll have you vanish.”

As if concluding that Suimei was boring, the man pierced him with a

cold gaze. And then he slightly opened his mouth, and began sucking in air.

A dragon’s roar.

The moment Suimei sensed it, the tension that was binding his body and

the trembling that shook him vanished. The only thing occupying his mind

was evading the menace before him. Hatsumi had no clue what was about

to happen, and stepped forward with her sword at the ready as if to protect

him. And Suimei strongly grabbed her shoulder.

“Hatsumi! Come here!”

“Huh?”

“Behind me! Quickly! You’ll get swallowed by the dragon’s roar!”

“Dragon’s r... Kyah?!”

Suimei pulled the bewildered Hatsumi behind him forcefully, and thrust

both his hands forwards as he began chanting.

“Mea aegis non est aegis. Prae omni oppugnatione est solida. Prae omni

impetu est invicta. Invincibilis, immobilis, immortalis. Id est ardens aureum

castrum ut colligit spiritus astorum. Eius nomen est—”

[My shield is not a shield. It is sturdy before any and all offense. It is

unshakable before any and all attacks. Invincible, immobile, imperishable.

It is the shining golden castle which collects the breath of the stars. Its

name is—]

Along with the mana Suimei was letting out, many golden magicka

circles were deploying around the two of them. The magicka circles to the

front were revolving, the large magicka circle at their feet had a needle

etched in which was counting the seconds like a clock. As Suimei’s six-

verse chant came to an end, all of the magicka circles stabilized.

“Mea firma aegis! Speciosum aureum magnale!”

[My firm shield! The brilliant golden fortress!]

As Suimei let out his keyword, the man with horns released a high

pitched grating sound from his mouth which shook the air. Just as the wave

of oscillations spread into their surroundings, the ground was astir like it

was boiling, and fissures resembling red lightning were flickering in the air.

The air was electrified as the molecules were agitated. Within that illusion

of the world being thrown into a bright red plasma ball, everything was

transformed into a red hot mass.

Between the flickering flashes, everything in their vision was dyed red,

and eventually the earth, the darkwood trees, the corpses of the demons, the

summoning ruins, anything and everything was equally swallowed up in an

explosion.

That thunderous roar and the whirlwind of incandescence could be

mistaken for a small scale solar flare. The still night had fallen into a

burning hell. If the dust explosion Suimei created could be described as

dynamite, this was more like a nuclear explosion.

Eventually, the flames settled down, and the scenery around them

completely changed.

“This... is...”

Hatsumi was gazing around in wonderment. She wasn’t even able to

grasp what had just happened. The darkwood trees and the ruins were

completely blown away together with the ashes. All that remained was the

upturned dirt on the ground and a slew of burning embers.

On the other hand, the man with horns, for some reason, opened his

mouth wide completely unexpectedly. For a while, he only looked at Suimei

in a complete daze. As Suimei wondered what he was up to, the man with

horns suddenly began laughing like a fire had been ignited in him.

“Pfft, AHAHAHAHAHA! Ha... to think you would endure that head on!

I always thought it was something that a mere human could never defend

against, but my goodness, what a fool I was! Bravo! Bravo!”

He certainly sounded happy. After laughing for a while, he gazed at

Suimei fanatically. In spite of focusing entirely on the hero before, he didn’t

spare her even a glance now. He was only staring at Suimei like he was

scrutinizing a sword of the finest quality. And then...

“Man in black. Bastard— No, I take back calling you a weakling.

Calling a man who steps forward to protect a woman a weakling, whatever

the case may be, is simply not the truth. Besides, you endured that without a

single scratch too, the reason for your trembling was not simple fear was

it?”

This time, the man smiled as he bared his fangs. It was just like a

starving beast who had finally found its prey—a terrifying and ferocious

smile. Just his joy from anticipating that meal conjured Suimei’s fear again.

Now that he was once more reduced to quivering, Hatsumi questioned the

man again.

“You’re...”

“Hmm? Ooh! That’s right. I completely forgot. My goodness, to think I

have a duty to perform after finding such a superb trophy. The whims of the

world are truly something. However—”

He was speaking as if he just remembered what he was doing. No, that

man seriously may have completely forgotten about Hatsumi.

“I am the dragonnewt Eanru. Hero of the Alliance, Hatsumi, regardless

of whether you consent or not, I will have you come with me this evening.”

Eanru flashed his draconic fangs in the moonlight.

Afterword

Everybody, it has been a long time. This is Gamei Hitsuji.

The story this time around is the Saadias Alliance arc. From the Empire,

Suimei’s party has now gone into Alliance territory to decipher the magicka

circle behind the hero summoning ritual. Meanwhile, we meet the third hero

—the hero of Miazen!

As luck would have it, this is Suimei’s childhood friend Hatsumi-chan’s

debut. The story is gradually moving forwards, so I do hope that you enjoy

it. Suimei-kun’s journey that just won’t go his way at all is the main focus

of the battle this time around. And then, in the end...

I would love it if you enjoy this volume.

Allow me to once more thank each and every one of you who helped

bring volume 5 out into the world. To the chief editor S-sama; the illustrator

himesuz-sama; the designer Horiehideaki-sama; and the proofreading

company Oraido-sama, truly, thank you very much.

-Gamei Hitsuji

Table of Contents

Cover

Color Illustrations