By Kuchiba Hatsumi’s hand, Vuishta was severed from his right collar

to his left thigh, and from his left flank to his right armpit. The Hazy Cross

of the Phantom Sword of the Kurikara Dharani. If he remembered correctly,

it was supposed to be a phantom strike that cut from the collar to the waist,

and then a physical strike that transformed into one from the waist to the

collar. And Vuishta ate both of them. In other words, even if one could see

the sword technique, there was a high probability of a target taking at least

one of the slashes.

“With that, the moon hunt was completely unneeded meddling, huh?”

“Seriously. But there’s no doubting the fact that I was able to take him

down with absolute certainty thanks to your help.”

Hatsumi replied as she let out a long sigh. The moonlight that revealed

her sword’s movements would become like a heat haze when she used her

technique—hard to discern at best. She concluded that Vuishta would be

unable to read it. It was an ingenious hand for her to play, and may have

been the single strike she was confident would bring about certain death. It

may have been a decision she made that would bring about an end to the

fight, but...

“If you have amnesia, how can you do that kinda thing?”

“I don’t want to hear it from you. Even if you were alone, you could

have defeated him while laughing scornfully all the while, no?”

“That’s overestimating me a bit too much. I had a vanguard, so that

made things easy on me. If I was on my own, it wouldn’t have gone like

that.”

“I wonder about that. Rather, from the very beginning of the fight,

frankly speaking, you were quite shady.”

“Occupational hazard.”

In response to being called shady, Suimei gave a rather gracious reply.

Magicians were fundamentally suspicious people. They’d act foolish,

shady, and mysterious. In that sense, they were terrible. However, Hatsumi

didn’t care about any of that. She just looked at him suspiciously with half-

closed eyes.

“If you came up in a story of heroes, then you would be the type who

showed up as an ally but was actually the secret boss.”

“The kind that you can’t beat without getting dragged along by them,

huh? Certainly, I fit the mold of the shady guy who appears perfect at first.”

Suimei shrugged his shoulders as he laughed, and Hatsumi gave him an

exasperated smile.

“You sure are composed.”

“Well, thanks to you.”

Hatsumi seemed to have relaxed quite a bit. And in the midst of their

frank exchange, she spoke up like she suddenly remembered something.

“Now that I think about it, you said something about it earlier, but you

fought a man like him once?”

“Well... Yeah. It was a guy who used magicka in a similar way to make

the location of his real body ambiguous. Actually, it was too similar...”

Suimei’s face clouded over as he trailed off. He was remembering an

unpleasant battle. One that reminded him of his own worthlessness.

“Hmm. Could it be that guy is also here?”

“Don’t be stupid. That’s impossible.”

“That’s what I thought about you at first. I don’t think you can outright

deny it without thinking about it...”

“Nope, that can’t be. It really can’t.”

As he repeatedly denied her, Hatsumi grew a bit irritated, but she calmed

down after seeing Suimei’s expression. His face as he kept saying it wasn’t

possible was grim and filled with anxiety. He then looked up at the moon

and said something unexpected.

“The Greed of Ten, Kudrack the Ghosthide. That’s the name of the man

who used that magicka.”

It was quite some time ago Suimei had fought him. It was after

Hydemary became his assistant and after he became acquainted with Isrina.

He was using modern magicka, living for the ideals of the Society... And

Kudrack was the man who’d betrayed all that.

He was a magician who killed others, and did not loathe making the

mysteries known to the entire world. But because those who were released

from death could not be stopped by anyone, his criminal record piled up

completely unchallenged over the span of a half century. But he began

planning something. Something far too nefarious. And so several

organizations of magicians sent in agents to subjugate him. Suimei was one

of them.

“I was the one who obliterated him. Even if he was a lich, he can’t exist

after having his roots severed. But even if I screwed up and he survived,

just who would have summoned that man here? Besides, I can’t see any

reason for that man to team up with the demons. He was an extreme asshole

who thought that all living creatures would find the best salvation by dying

and returning to the earth, you know? That kinda asshole...”

There’s no way he’d survived. But just the thought of it sent

goosebumps down Suimei’s skin. He wasn’t sure how Hatsumi had taken

what he said, but she made a strangely convincing statement.

“If everything is destroyed by the demons, it may end up like that.”

“I’m begging you, don’t say that again... It’ll seriously turn into reality.”

“Was he that strong?”

“Only about a million times stronger than the guy we just beat up.

Maybe even ten million. If we had to go up against him, it would be simpler

to take on all the demons, demon generals and the Demon Lord all at once.

Aaah, I feel like puking.”

She wasn’t sure if he was fooling around, but Suimei went pale as he

slumped his shoulders. Not knowing the circumstances at all, Hatsumi

spoke like it wasn’t a problem in the least.

“But you defeated him, right?”

“I did. It’s ’cause the world’s number one shittiest enemy was an ally at

the time. If that wasn’t the case, I would’ve been cut into mincemeat by

those phase blades.”

At the time, the man who was his ally for the moment was the man

who’d laughed at his dreams. Then same one he’d mentioned when saving

Lefille.

“I don’t wanna go through it a second time. If that guy is alive, before

the demons could annihilate humanity, he’d do it with pleasure.”

Hatsumi then questioned him in a puzzled tone.

“Is our world... that dangerous a place?”

“Not at all. It’s so peaceful it’ll bore you to death.”

“Then why is it...?”

“Who knows? The reason the balance between danger and peace became

so weird just shows how far into the end of days we are. I don’t know if

we’re racing towards the end because we’re trying to fight it or because

that’s just the natural course of things, but I really can’t laugh about the

possibility of the world ending before we even make it back.”

“It’s not really the time to be saving another world, huh?”

“Even if you say that, no matter what we do, when it ends, it ends. We’re

not heroes in our world. About all we can do is tremble in our houses as we

count out our remaining days.”

After letting out a sigh like this was no laughing matter, Suimei

mimicked the movements of a soldier doing a complete about face

accurately and turned towards the ruins.

“Well, setting that aside, I’m going to go ahead and continue my

investigation.”

Putting all of his concerns aside for the time, he seemed completely

refreshed. Suimei happily walked back over to the remains of the stones

where the magicka circle was drawn. Hatsumi followed after him with light

steps. But before she reached him she stopped in her tracks. She sensed

something terrible.

“Hey, Yakagi...”

“So it isn’t over yet?”

As if replying to Hatsumi’s warning, Suimei sighed like it was getting

tedious. Just how much more was he supposed to put off his investigation?

That presence that was wriggling about within the darkness of the forest

was, without a doubt, the remnants of the demons.

The two of them faced the direction the demons would likely be coming

from and waited. Between the darkwood trees in front of them, they could

see the darkness opening up. Anticipating that they would be the point of

attack, Hatsumi shouldered her sword and Suimei prepared his magicka.

Before long, the demons showed themselves. In the darkness, one figure

followed another in a long line. They didn’t quite number as much as they

did when they were surrounded earlier, but they were in position to charge

in all at once and were brimming with bloodlust.

“It’ll be a series of battles. You think you can manage?”

“Don’t be stupid. I won’t lose to some small fries.”

Though he spoke in a lighthearted manner, Suimei was not smiling.

Even though she didn’t think that Suimei’s manner of speaking was

haughty, he looked deadly serious. But in the moment it came down to

attack or be attacked, a shadow suddenly fell down from directly above the

demons.

They didn’t have any time to wonder what had just appeared. Only

Hatsumi’s puzzled gasp rang out in the clearing, for the demons had been

struck down in an instant from above by a shockwave. They, along with the

ground and trees, were blown away.

A few trailing at the very end of the line remained, but they were some

distance from Suimei and Hatsumi. Riding the shockwave, huge rocks and

splinters of trees were sailing at them.

“Wh-What is this?”

“...”

While gripped by confusion, Hatsumi held her sword forward while

Suimei used magicka to repel the debris that was flying towards them at a

murderous speed. As the thunderous roar settled, a man with silver horns

growing out of his head, wearing clothing similar to traditional Japanese

attire appeared. With his fist planted in the ground in the center of the dead

demons, he announced himself with a complaint.

“How fragile. To think these pests worse than shit could threaten all that

live under the Goddess. I don’t know who said it, but it’s such a bad joke it

sends shivers running down my spine.”

It was almost like he was talking to himself. Perhaps he was only

spitting at the demons at his feet. Eventually, the other demons noticed the

unexpected visitor, and lunged at the horned man from the sides. However,

he brushed them away with the back of his fist, and the demons were

smashed up along with the darkwood trees they flew into.

Suimei and Hatsumi were at a loss for words at this overwhelming

display of power.

It was fine that he was blowing away the demons. It wasn’t like they

couldn’t have done it themselves. But this man moved like he was just

swatting away a fly. It was incomprehensible that even the sturdy darkwood

trees could be smashed to pieces like that. The man shook his hand like he

had just touched something dirty, and suddenly, his gaze was fixed on

Suimei.

“...Ugh!”

Suimei’s heart leaped with a single strong thud. His body was seized

with fear. It was because he’d seen such overwhelming strength. No, it

wasn’t the man’s strength. It was his mere existence. His very gaze.

Unexpectedly, one of Suimei’s feet took a step back in retreat. He was

moving on sheer instinct.

Ever since coming to this world, Suimei hadn’t experienced anything

like this. On the other hand, Hatsumi remained unaware of the crisis that

was approaching them. Perhaps she judged that an ally had appeared. She

was only looking at the man with silver horns in wonder.

“The hero and... Oh? Are you one of her companions?”

Suimei was unable to answer his question. Alarm bells were clanging

nonstop inside his head. Other than the internal screams telling him to run

away, he could barely hear anything. Meanwhile, Hatsumi stepped forward

to answer him.

“Just who are you? Why do you know that I’m here? An ally?”

“I wonder. That depends on you.”

“What do you mean?”

Those intentionally perplexing words, Hatsumi’s puzzled voice... Suimei

heard none of it. Then it finally set in on him just what he was standing

before.

“Are you... a dragon?”

Perhaps because Suimei’s trembling question was on the mark, the

man’s mouth warped into a smile. Sensing the change that had come over

Suimei, Hatsumi gave him a quizzical look.

“Yakagi...?”

“As I thought...”