A black sea was once again washing over the horizon. A black sea that

was really a swarm of living beings. They were the enemies of humanity,

the embodiment of evil devoted to the destruction of anything and

everything. They were demons.

The wasteland below of dirt and sparse greenery was trampled by the

black power that clad the demons. Like a piece of cloth as it slowly soaked

in dye, they seeped ever forward. Standing atop a hill with an unbroken

view at the south end of the Norfolk wastelands of the Alliance, the

Alliance’s hero, Kuchiba Hatsumi, was observing this situation.

Once in a while, a refreshing, dry breeze would blow in gently from the

north, typical for the area. What was carried on the wind, however, was a

sensation that felt like it pierced and numbed one’s skin. The reason for it

was undoubtedly the demons’ bloodthirst and impatience. It was like a sea

breeze of their desperation.

They were left in an unfavorable position after their last battle. They

were practically cornered now. After being abandoned by the rest of their

forces, the writing was on the wall for them. And so, in order to regain their

honor, they were trying to even the score a little by rushing in while gripped

by the madness of inevitable death.

Keenly sensing that battle was steadily approaching, Hatsumi looked

over her shoulder. Behind her, as if hiding themselves within the forest,

were the companions she’d made when she was summoned over, as well as

the soldiers of the Alliance. To her right was the martial artist from the

Alliance country of Larsheem, Gaius Forvan. To her left was the female

mage from the self-governed state, Selphy Fittney. And right behind her,

kneeling down like he was calmly meditating, was the swordsman who

served as the prince of the Alliance’s sovereign state of Miazen, Weitzer

Ryerzen.

These three names were known far and wide across the northern

continent, for they were all valorous warriors who possessed skills the

people praised. Skills that were already well proven. They had engaged in

battle with the demons four times so far. And each and every time, they had

entrusted their lives to each other and cooperated perfectly.

After Hatsumi nodded to the three of them as if signaling them, Gaius

returned a hearty smile as he struck his chest, Selphy quietly nodded back,

and Weitzer stood up with a stalwart air about him. After confirming their

determination one last time, Hatsumi leaped off the top of the hill.

She spoke no words to signal the beginning. She said nothing to rally

her soldiers like a commander would. There was no need. She simply

dashed straight towards the demons, and even without a single word

exchanged, her companions followed her. As fellow followers of the sword,

their wills were all as one.

Thus, she ran down the hill without even looking behind her. She was

plunging downwards head-first. The steeply inclined slope that would

normally make anyone uneasy to run along was a mere trifle before her

body, blessed by the divine protection from the hero summoning. Darting

forward at a tremendous speed, she blazed down the hillside. The

companions and soldiers behind her saw her as the vanguard, and followed

in her fervor. That was why there was not a single person among them who

felt uneasy, anxious, or apprehensive.

While maintaining her speed, she came down at the demon army spread

out over the wastelands and cut right into the center of their formation.

Taking a surprise assault from an unexpected direction, their reaction was

delayed and chaotic.

Kuchiba Hatsumi drew her sword. The weapon in her right hand was

something she’d received from a dwarven blacksmith. Made of the

materials of legends, it was a rare beauty forged with techniques of fancy

and fantasy—an uchigatana. It was a long, mithril sword with a blade nigh

120 centimeters long.

With Hatsumi’s talent in wielding the silver luster of the blade, the

demons before her were just like thin sheets of paper. Whether iron or flesh,

anything that stood against her was so swiftly and cleanly split in two that it

left no grease or blood on her blade.

She just had to swing it. By moving her body, her sword and arm were

as one. Once she gave herself over to it, there was no way she would ever

lose. And swing her sword was exactly what she did in the midst of the

panicked demon army. The demon standing before her was cleaved right in

two. And then following the flow of the strike, she rotated her body and

sent the head of another demon flying.

Weitzer and Gaius swooped down on the demons on either side of her.

The martial artist’s fist and the swordsman’s slash annihilated several of

them. Soon, after cutting down all the nearby demons and clearing an

opening in the black sea, they raised a battle cry. Though belated, the unit

parted to the left and right. The swordsmen cut into the stretched-out flank

of the demons. The demons were completely divided. Seeing this happen,

magic support came pouring down from the rear.

The mage unit commanded by Selphy was dealing the finishing blow to

the divided demons just as planned. Before long, the demons, who’d had

their formation completely destroyed, were bitterly crushed according to

plan by Hatsumi and her troops. When the initial strike went well, all that

was left was to follow through.

Perhaps because the demons’ formation had been destroyed, or perhaps

because they weren’t exactly team players to begin with, they no longer

cooperated as they fought. The demons lashed out with their own strength.

Things quickly devolved into a melee, with each demon fighting for

themselves. Such grandstanding while fighting would prove to be a fatal

mistake.

All Hatsumi and her companions had left to do from here was to cut out

the source of the infection. Unlike the demons, the hero’s team stood firm

like a rock. And it didn’t take long for the problem to come to them. A

demon whose status was an order of magnitude higher than the others

approached Hatsumi. It was the demon general. Holding a sword clad in

mana in one hand, it appeared to be a skinny demon swordsman wearing an

overcoat. If she remembered correctly, his name was Mauhario. Calling

himself the Violent Flickering Wind, he’d allegedly beheaded many of the

Alliance’s soldiers with his sword skills.

“Hero of the Alliance!”

The demon’s roaring, thunderous voice—far more than what anyone

would expect from his slender frame—washed over them. Shaking the

wastelands, it kicked up and blew away the sand in the area. Just at the

sound of his voice, the movements of the Alliance soldiers became dull. It

must have affected morale. Realizing the strength hidden within this

monster, their spirits faltered. The only ones who were unfazed by the

demon’s roar were several of the commanders, Hatsumi, and her

companions. Mere moments after his shout, Mauhario closed the distance to

Hatsumi in a flash. He wasted no time in unleashing a slash accompanied

by a devilish storm.

“Take thaaat!”

“Hyaaah!”

Matching him, Hatsumi swung her own sword. As her blade cut through

the air, it made a sharp whistling sound and repelled the incoming blow. His

attack deflected, Mauhario regained the distance between them in an

instant. And then, in the blink of an eye, he snaked around to her left and

brought his sword to task.

Raising her mithril sword to defend, the harsh sound of metal clashing

against metal rang through the air. Not relenting, the demon who was taller

than Hatsumi pushed down on his blade and brought the fight to a deadlock.

She only had the muscles of a mere young girl, but she was able to push

back against the demon thanks to the power of the blessing from the hero

summoning.

“Hero of the Alliance! Today will be the day I defeat you and offer your

damn head to Nakshatra-sama!”

“Ugh... Sorry, but I don’t have any intention of dying here.”

Finding his angry roar from close proximity to be rather annoying,

Hatsumi slipped past Mauhario’s sword as she pushed it to the side. But

then, as she went to slash at him, contrary to her expectations, Mauhario

sensed the danger and broke away in the opposite direction.

Mauhario corrected his stance once he’d safely escaped the range of her

blade. His movements were terrifyingly fast. So much so that they were

almost incomprehensible. This demon swordsman was the type whose

primary strength was speed. He always kept out of his enemy’s range. For

he could leap in, close the distance, and strike in an instant. It gave him the

upper hand. Indeed, it seemed that Hatsumi should be at a disadvantage like

this.

Yet she offered not a word of complaint. Slightly opening up her stance,

she rotated her left ankle towards her right heel and dropped her posture.

Her sword was hidden behind her neck as she held it over her right

shoulder. Along with the breeze in the air, she could feel its cold metal

against her skin.

She estimated there were about eight meters between her and the demon

general who held his sword at the ready. Her sword was just over a meter

long. For such a demon who specialized in speed and charging power, this

was likely the ideal distance. Seeing her prepared to attack at any moment,

a scornful and joyous expression floated up on Mauhario’s face.

He judged that Hatsumi was gambling to launch herself at him, hedging

her bets in a game of kill or be killed. The expression that had come over

his face revealed his confidence in the outcome of this sort of match. Based

on Hatsumi’s estimates, if she held her blade out in front of her, she still had

six meters between her and her opponent. It was a distance that her blade

could never reach. But this was a trivial problem for her. On the other hand,

for the demon general who didn’t know any better, it was a fatal problem.

“DIIIIIIIIIIIE!”

The demon general let out a ferocious and violent scream, an expression

of his fighting spirit. It rang through the area like a herald of his killing

intent, yet Hatsumi’s heart was as calm as a perfectly still pool. All the

sensory information coming to her right now registered as trivial. In that

moment, not the demon general’s howl, not the screams of the soldiers, and

not her companions’ panicked cries caused a single ripple in her heart.

Then it was time for her to play her hand—The Phantom Sword of the

Kurikara Dharani, the Longsword of the Absolute Blade.

In the instant she abruptly opened her eyes wide, she exhaled with

purpose and brandished the sword on her shoulder as if she intended to

clear away every single demon on the other end of it.

In the distance behind the demon general, there was the rumbling sound

of rushing wind. To the tremendous surprise of each and every being

present, when Hatsumi swung her sword, the demon general’s lower half

tumbled gruesomely over in the blink of an eye. Debris, wind, his upper

half, and a smattering of blood were blown jumbled in the opposite

direction.

Without even taking a single step forward, Mauhario had tasted defeat.

All that was left was silence. At least for a moment. Immediately following

that were the cheers of joy raised by the soldiers. They’d witnessed and

were celebrating the demon’s defeat. The demons they were fighting, on the

other hand, were stunned. Not only were they violently confronted with the

reality that someone much stronger than them had been defeated, but first

and foremost, they were completely bewildered as to how, exactly, he’d

been defeated.

Having yet to actually die, Mauhario looked up at Hatsumi from the

ground in surprise.

“Im... possible. The range of your sword... was surely...” he said, blood

spewing from his mouth.

It was true the tip of her sword never touched the demon general’s body.

But just as Hatsumi had thought, that was a trivial matter. Looking down

coldly at the body of the demon general who would never get up again, she

flicked her sword as if removing blood from it, and replied to him.

“I thought you were a swordsman yourself. You should know better. A

swordsman who can only cut things within their sword’s range is, at best,

second rate, no?”

Her cold declaration would send shivers down the spines of all who

stood against her. But the true target of it, the demon general, was numb to

the sensation. He perished then and there.

Eventually, the skirmish between the demons and humans came to an

end. The Alliance claimed victory that day. The cheers of joy from the

human swordsmen and mages alike could be heard from a great distance. It

was proof that the fighting was over. A particular young man dressed like a

knight emerged from the crowd of celebrating soldiers.

It was the prince of the Alliance’s sovereign state of Miazen, one of the

Seven Swords, Weitzer Ryerzen. He knelt at Hatsumi’s feet when he

reached her.

“Your fighting style is magnificent, Hero-dono.”