“I thought I told you to stop calling me a hero already, Weitzer.”

Kuchiba Hatsumi let out a disconcerted sigh upon hearing the overly

serious and stubborn young man’s flattery. However, he paid it no mind and

took her hand in an attempt to kiss it. Perhaps it was ceremonious. Hatsumi

didn’t frown on the gesture itself, but for some reason, today she also pulled

away her hand like it was fleeing. As Weitzer looked up at her, his shrewd

expression became slightly disappointed.

“Hero-dono...”

“Like I just said, Weitzer...”

And then, from the opposite direction, Hatsumi’s companion Selphy

Fittney called out to them.

“I’m afraid there’s no helping it, Hatsumi. You are, in fact, a hero after

all.”

“You too, Selphy...?”

“Even if such a thing bothers you, you cannot change the truth.”

“Ugh...”

As Selphy drew her conclusion in a taciturn tone, Hatsumi let out a

groan. Selphy was wearing a pale green robe with the hood pulled over her

eyes. She truly looked like a mage. But from under that hood, stifled

laughter was beginning to leak out. Hatsumi then noticed that at some point,

a large shadow had appeared behind Weitzer.

“So you were rejected again today, huh, prince?”

An awfully lively and loud voice came pouring down on Weitzer. The

one standing behind him who looked the part of the brawny muscle-bound

giant of the group was Gaius Forvan. He slapped Weitzer’s shoulder with

his hand that had an old scar carved into it. Hatsumi thought that even

though they were companions, he should hold back a bit when interacting

with a prince. But setting that matter aside, it seemed that he’d

misinterpreted Weitzer’s flattery. Weitzer looked back at Gaius with a sharp

gaze and bitterly narrowed his eyes.

“...It’s not that I was outright rejected.”

“Oh? From what I’ve seen, I think that’s exactly what’s going on.”

“Ugh...”

As Gaius tried to play innocent, Weitzer’s eyes revealed just a little bit

of irritation.

“I-It’s not like I hate Weitzer, you know?” Hatsumi defended him. “It’s

just that I’m not used to being treated that way. It’s not that I dislike it, per

se...”

“I gotta say, you certainly looked like someone who disliked it.”

“Gaius, will you be quiet? Hero-dono, I behave this way because I

genuinely respect you...”

“Both of you, don’t go troubling Hatsumi like that.”

Selphy candidly offered an end to the conversation. However, the two

men looked like they still had plenty to say. But with dissatisfied

expressions, they nodded and acquiesced.

“Well... At any rate, good work everyone.”

Hatsumi changed the subject and voiced her appreciation. She raised her

hand to say that no reply was necessary, and her three companions nodded.

“But... it’s surprising that there weren’t as many as we thought there

would be.”

Hatsumi furrowed her brow as she spoke. It was Selphy who answered

her concern.

“That’s because only one of the three armies of demons showed up this

time.”

“As I suspected, the demon army we defeated just now was nothing but

a sacrificial pawn.”

Right now, there were three demon armies assaulting the Alliance. They

had just defeated one of them, but there were still two remaining armies that

were significantly larger than the one they’d just fought.

“It’s fine, isn’t it? Today’s fight bodes well.”

“The enemy you defeated just now was a demon general, Hero-dono.

Asking for a greater military accomplishment than that would simply be

aiming too high.”

“But...”

“Hatsumi, leave it at that. If you say any more, then we’ll all be left

ashamed of what we accomplished before you came along.”

“Yeah. Before you showed up, a single demon army was enough to push

back the Alliance army. But as soon as you set foot on the battlefield, not

only could we stand up to them, we could drive them back. And today...”

“We crushed one of their three armies and killed one of their generals.

All because of your power, Hero-dono.”

“What? All because of that? What about the ones I defeated?”

“The fact that we were able to crush the demon army, that we were able

to slay the demon general, and that you were able to defeat the other

demons, Gaius, is all thanks to Hero-dono.”

Hearing Weitzer’s curt manner of speaking, Gaius’s eyes flashed fire.

Seeing that that this was probably going to turn into another fight, Hatsumi

let out a sigh and tried to diffuse the situation.

“Weitzer, we only won because we prepared sufficient forces for the

battle. That isn’t just all thanks to me, right? Besides, the hard part is yet to

come.”

“...That’s right, isn’t it?”

The only one who spoke up in agreement was Selphy. The demons they

defeated this time were led by a demon general who was the type that was

confident in his own strength. He wasn’t much of a commander, and mostly

left his subordinates to their own devices on the battlefield. All in all, that

made him a relatively easy opponent to deal with.

When Hatsumi first faced him, she was easily able to get the upper hand.

But when demonic reinforcements arrived, it brought the situation back to

an equilibrium. The general leading the troops who arrived was one who

laid out proper plans, which made the fight much harder. If not for that, the

Alliance would have reclaimed its territory much sooner. Seeing the pensive

look on Hatsumi’s face as she reflected on the battle, Weitzer spoke to her

as if to say such a thing was unnecessary.

“As long as you’re here, Hero-dono, the likes of a demon army is

nothing to fear.”

“Yeah. And don’t forget about me.”

Brimming with confidence, Gaius powerfully struck his chest like he

always did. This time, not just Weitzer, but Selphy too rolled their eyes at

him. In contrast to her comrades’ high spirits, Hatsumi appeared slightly

gloomy.

“...Hey, what do you guys think I am?” she asked before remembering

an important detail. “Ah, and you can’t say a hero, okay?”

Her three companions exchanged glances with each other, and then each

gave their reply.

“The hero part aside, you’re an extraordinarily beautiful swordswoman.”

“As for race, saying you’re a human would suffice.”

After Gaius and Selphy gave their answers, Weitzer put his fist to his

heart with an extremely serious expression and looked at Hatsumi.

“You are our princess, Hero-dono.”

“Wha...?! Weitzer, that kind of thing is super embarrassing.”

“Oho? What’s this? It doesn’t sound like you hated him saying it, little

princeeeeess!”

“Come on, Gaius!”

Having such embarrassing things said right to her face, Hatsumi’s

cheeks turned as red as the setting sun. She then immediately hung her head

like she was somehow dispirited.

That wasn’t what she had wanted to hear. Selphy approached and leaned

in to look up at her eyes. Eyes that were racked with anxiety.

“Does not having memories make you anxious after all?”

“...Isn’t it obvious? I can only remember my name and the way of the

sword, you know... There’s no way I wouldn’t be anxious.”

The hero summoned by the Alliance, Kuchiba Hatsumi, had no memory

of her life before appearing in the Alliance. In other words, she had no

recollection of her time before being a hero. In short, she had amnesia. She

had no idea what she’d done with her life, or what she wanted to do with it

in the future. The only two things that remained with her were her name,

Kuchiba Hatsumi, and the sword techniques that she used. The anxiety that

produced in her made her feel distant. Faraway. Like her feet weren’t

touching the ground. Gaius then walked up to her and slapped her shoulder

in a friendly manner.

“We’re here for you. Got that?”

“Yes... but...”

“Hero-dono, if you have no memories, then you can just make some

together with us.”

“Weitzer...”

Yet even with Weitzer’s kind words and gentle smile, she could not

shake her anxiety. Then, as if to make a public announcement, Gaius

cupped both his hands around his mouth.

“Oooooh, here we go again! Weitzer’s corny speech is starting!”

Weitzer stood behind him and quietly drew his sword from its sheath.

After glancing briefly around at her companions who were still in a

celebratory mood after their victory, Hatsumi looked up at the sky.

“...”

She had lost her memories. But every once in a while, she would see

something in her dreams that she believed was from her life before she

came to this world. The dream was always the same—it was a world full of

things that didn’t exist here, and the same person was always there. But

when she woke up, the dream was always vague. This only fanned her

anxiety more.

There was something she must never forget, something extremely

important. That feeling stabbed at her heart like a buried needle.