“Just us three? Then where will you and the others stay...?”
“There is no need to worry about us, my lady. Our top priorities are you,
the hero, and the princess.”
Backing up Roffrey, Luka added her two cents. But even then, Reiji had
a hard time accepting it.
“Hmm... Maybe it would be best to just grin and bear it, and go to the
church after all.”
As the group was putting their heads together and racking their brains
about what to do next, they were suddenly interrupted by the screams of a
young girl from nearby.
“Stop! Don’t come any closer!”
Everyone looked up and glanced at each other.
“Reiji-sama...”
“It sounded close. Let’s go take a look.”

Taking the lead, Reiji headed towards the sound of the voice. He caught
a whiff of danger in the air. Turning the corner into the alley, he saw a
strange man cornering a little girl.
“R-Reiji-kun, that...”
“Yeah, I got it.”
Reiji judged what was going on in an instant, and went to stop the man.
Watching Reiji run off with a dignified expression, Titania’s face flushed
red.
“As expected of Reiji-sama... Mizuki, did you see it? That gallant face
that brooks no evil?”
“I’m used to seeing that part of Reiji-kun.”
Mizuki stuck her chest out with a proud smile. Titania bitterly pursed her
lips, the jealousy written on her face.
“How unfair...”
Meanwhile, Reiji had already cut in between the man and the little girl.
“Wh-What’s with you?!”
“You don’t need to know anything about me. That’s none of your
concern. Get away from this child right now. If you don’t...”
As he spoke, Reiji sharpened his gaze and overpoweringly stared down
the man in front of him. He let out a pitiful squeal, but just to be doubly
sure, Reiji began to draw his sword from its sheathe.
“E-EEEEEK!”
Before Reiji, who had fought both demons and monsters in this world,
there was no way this man who seemed to be planning to kidnap a small
girl would be able to make a stand. With incredible speed, he turned tail and
ran as fast as his legs would carry him.
“Good grief. For an adult to do such things...”
Reiji let out a sigh as he lamented the man’s behavior. When he turned
around, the little girl bowed to him.
“Thank you for saving me.”
“Don’t mention it. It was nothing. But are you alright? Did he do
anything to you?”
“I’m fine. After I screamed, you came right away.”
Reiji had a brief exchange with the little girl. Her appearance was
striking. She had beautiful, neatly combed back red hair, and two moles
lined up under her eye. She was cute enough that Reiji could almost

understand why the man wanted to kidnap her. However, upon taking a
closer look, her bearing and demeanor gave off a very dignified impression.
While Reiji was thinking of such things, the girl casually looked off in the
direction the man had run.
“I’m glad that you saved me and all, but was the manner in which you
drove him away not a little too aggressive?”
“I’ll go ahead and entertain your strange problem: when things become
that odd, being a little aggressive is the best option.”
“I see... That’s true, isn’t it?”
She seemed to be convinced. People like that weren’t worth wasting
words on. Trying to resolve things peacefully might even make the situation
worse. As they talked, Mizuki and the others then finally caught up to Reiji
and approached from behind.
“Those kinds of people exist everywhere, huh...?”
“In this world, they are what we call pedophiles. Do they exist in your
world as well?”
“Yeah, you hear about them in the news every now and then after
they’ve been arrested.”
Reiji could hear Mizuki and Titania discussing the details behind him.
But his attention was focused on the girl in front of him, who then politely
introduced herself.
“My name is Lefille Grakis. Allow me to thank you once more. If it’s
alright with you, might I know your name?”
“I’m not really someone worth remembering... would be a little
pompous to say, huh? My name is Reiji Shana.”
When Reiji named himself, Lefille knit her brows together.
“Sir Reiji, right? You wouldn’t happen to be... the one Suimei-kun
knows, would you?”
“Huh?”
“What?”
“Suimei, as in... You know Suimei?!”
Lefille nodded at Reiji’s question. The two girls who’d also heard her
question poked their heads out from behind either side of Reiji.
★

After the dangerous encounter with the pervert, Lefille was now headed
back to base with Reiji and company in tow. After finding out that they
were Suimei’s acquaintances, she was guiding them back to their house.
“So you came to the Empire together with Suimei, Lefille-chan?”
“Hmph... I’m not very happy about having ‘-chan’ applied to my name,
but... Well, whatever. Yes, that’s how it happened.”
“Huh? But Lefille-chan, weren’t there a lot of demons in the area at the
time?”
Faced with Mizuki’s suspicions, Lefille was forced to come up with a
plausible story.
“Y-Yes, well, we got lucky in slipping past them. After escaping past
Kurant City, we came to Nelferia.”
“I see. We might have just nearly missed each other somewhere, huh?”
“Indeed, we never thought of checking the visitor registry there. We all
thought that Suimei hadn’t made it to Kurant City yet. What a blind spot.”
Titania was troubled at their oversight. In contrast, Mizuki—now that
the major anxiety she’d been carrying with her all this time had been blown
away—was smiling brightly and breathed a sigh of relief.
“But thank god Suimei-kun is safe.”
“Yeah, really. As usual, he has the devil’s luck in getting out of whatever
trouble he gets himself into...”
“Seriously, though... After all that ‘I don’t want anything to do with
danger’ stuff, what is he doing?”
“But isn’t that how he always is? He always complains at first, but one
way or another, he always ends up sticking his neck into it.”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Reiji and Mizuki were cheerfully chatting away about their friend, who
they were both truly grateful to hear was alright. Lefille smiled, as she had a
very good understanding of what they were talking about.
“From what I’ve heard, I imagined you were all very close friends. It
seems I was right.”
“I’ve known Suimei-kun for about four years, but for Reiji-kun, it’s been
five or six, right?”
It was only a couple years’ difference. Both of them were close enough
to call childhood friends. As they continued to talk about Suimei—how
much of a softhearted tsundere he was, how he was always acting cool, how

he always ended up the comedian, and all manner of other things—they
finally arrived at their destination.
“Here we are. This is it.”
As they came around the corner, a familiar back-alley dead end came
into view for Lefille. It used to be a filthy place polluted by an ever-present
stink in the air. But after Suimei used some incomprehensible cleaning
method, it was neat and clean now.
“So he’s living in a place like this, huh? Coming down this alleyway, I
must say I was expecting something musty. This is a pleasant surprise.”
“How pretty. I was dead sure it would have a much more quaint and
boring vibe, you know?”
Titania and Mizuki were both wide-eyed at the obvious disparity in the
scenery compared to other places in the area. The dark, gloomy, dirty
atmosphere had taken a sudden change for the bright. Part of it was because
Suimei had put a thick, fresh coat of plaster on everything. He kept saying
that all the houses in the area were too filthy, that it kept him from being in
a good mood. It seemed he’d even cast magicka on the tables and chairs
that were left outside so that they wouldn’t get moldy. He was of the belief
that the place he called home would have to be taken care of the way he
wanted, or else he wouldn’t be satisfied. And it was this place that they
approached now. Lefille walked up to it and opened the front door.
“I’m back.”
As she did, an apron-wearing Felmenia came over to greet her.
“Lefille, welcome back—Oh?”
The expression on her face was exactly what one would expect from
someone who’d just been thoroughly surprised. As she looked at each and
every person behind Lefille, she froze on the spot. Reiji and the others felt
much the same way. After an unnatural pause, it was Titania who raised her
voice.
“White Flame-dono?!”
“Y-Your Highness and Hero-dono and Mizuki-dono?! Why are you...”
Just as she was about to question what was going on, Felmenia suddenly
came to her senses. “Oh crap” was all that flashed through her mind. She
immediately took the apron she was wearing and tossed it aside violently.
Without verifying where it flew off to behind her, she turned to the full-
length mirror installed in the entranceway. She checked her hair, the braids

draped down beside her ears, her face, and all manner of other things with
quick and agile movements. After taking up the same serious and cool
expression she always had at Camellia, she bowed to the guests.
“I mean... It has been too long, everyone.”
After bowing deeply and long enough to properly show her respect to
her superiors, Felmenia raised her head and met Lefille’s gaze.
“Lefille, why are you together with Her Royal Highness’s party?”
“They saved me after I got into a quarrel with a strange man. When I
asked for their names, I thought they sounded familiar... And now here we
are.”
A coincidence. And a rather remarkable one at that. Felmenia still
looked quite surprised. Reiji then turned the question on her.
“Sensei, why are you here? I thought you were acting under the direct
orders of King Almadious?”
“Um... That is true. Let us talk about the finer details inside.”
As she urged them to enter, a listless voice called from inside.
“Hey, do we have a guest?”
Suimei’s figure then appeared in the entranceway. When he spotted Reiji
and the others behind Felmenia, he scowled with an expression like he’d
seen a ghost.
“Huh...?”
The three of them called out to him as he stood there in his own world.
“Long time no see, Suimei.”
“Heyo, Suimei-kun!”
“It has been quite some time, Suimei.”
“HUUUUUUUUUUH?!”
★
With the surprise reunion with Reiji’s group, Suimei invited them all to
the living room after he collected himself. Considering the number of
people, however, not all of them could comfortably fit around the table.
Reiji, Mizuki, and Titania took their places at the table while the knights sat
on chairs behind them. Since Titania was there, Felmenia hesitated to sit at
the same table as the princess, and instead chose to stand behind Suimei.
Lefille was uneasy about the arrival of so many people and was hiding next

to her. As for Liliana, she was sitting on the sofa. Suimei was still
completely baffled at this sudden visit, and looked at everyone one by one
before speaking up.
“Man, to think that Reiji would save Lefi...”