enchantment magicka was nice and concise, and its power was
considerable. But it was all somewhat dull in that it was quite expected.
“The shield and armor are different defensive spells. On top of that,
there’s the physical reinforcement spell and the attack magicka he’s using.
It’s the perfect combination, is it not?”
“It’s praiseworthy, sure. He has both close quarters combat and ranged
magicka battles covered. Furthermore, it’s reliable. However...”
Considering the amount of mana used, the speed of spells, and their
effects, Graziella was superior in all aspects. Elliot only had his lightning
magicka, but Graziella was invoking new earth magic left and right while
engaging in hand-to-hand combat.
“I had it in my head that the mages of this world didn’t use hand-to-hand
fighting techniques.”
“Her Imperial Highness Graziella is a special case. People who have
talent as mages and are still able to engage in hand-to-hand combat like this
are very rare indeed.”
As Suimei and Felmenia were having this conversation, it seemed that
the fighting had reached a stalemate. Graziella and Elliot put some distance
between each other and were staring each other down. Graziella then began
speaking.
“That’s it. I’ve seen enough.”
“...Of what?”

“That damned armor and shield. They both consist of physical
substances, but the shield is used to defend against magic while the armor is
used to defend against all other attacks, no?”
Graziella wore a self-satisfied grin, but Elliot remained dead silent. Just
what kind of face was he making underneath that helmet?
“Suimei-dono, was that right?”
“Yeah. It’s just as that woman said. There’s no mistake about it.”
While Suimei and Felmenia were talking, Christa let out a scream.
“Elliot-sama!”
Elliot’s shield was sent flying by Graziella’s powerful fist. She then
stepped between him and the shield to prevent him from picking it back up.
Elliot had no choice but to step back, away from her and his shield.
“Suimei-dono, the hero’s shield isn’t vanishing...”
“The spell must be made so that it won’t vanish until he dispels it. If it
were something that required him to constantly pour mana into it, there
would be the possibility of him being stripped of protection anytime he let it
slip, after all.”
“I see. That’s certainly true.”
Felmenia seemed thoroughly convinced by Suimei’s explanation, but
she had more questions for him.
“Suimei-dono, between Princess Graziella and the hero, who do you
think will win?”
“I can’t say for certain. But the princess has the advantage. As long as
they’re even in close combat, she has the upper hand with magicka. If he
doesn’t have something to turn the tables, then that’ll be the end of him.”
“Something to turn the tables...”
“He’s still got mana stored up. Is he not planning on using it, or can he
not use it here...?”
Suimei believed that Elliot was still holding something back. His
fighting style still left power in reserve, after all. And he was up against
Graziella, whose overwhelming combat abilities were a considerable force
to be reckoned with. Watching them fight, Suimei couldn’t help but wonder
why this world needed to summon heroes if it had people who were as
strong as she was.
In the middle of their exchange, the lightning snaking around Elliot’s
sword vanished. It seemed that the effective time of the spell had expired.

Just as Elliot was about to invoke the lightning once more...
“Oh Earth! Thou art the crystallization of my tyranny! Take hold of
unyielding power and smash my foes to pieces! Become a monument that
shall extol glorious death! Crystal Raid!”
Graziella called forth her endgame move. It was a grand spell. As the
crystals that pierced up through the bricks on the ground surrounded
Graziella, she flung her arm to the side. The crystals rushed forward. Elliot,
who was now without a shield, didn’t have time to defend with magicka.
Christa’s screams rang out.
“Suimei-dono!”
“So it’s settled, huh...”
A cloud of dust filled the air. It obscured everyone’s vision, but it was
still plain to see who’d won.
★
The cloud of dust was eventually blown away by the wind. As it cleared
the area, it revealed Elliot on his knees and gasping for breath. And then
there was Graziella, who was looking down on him with an expression that
conveyed even more zeal and curiosity than before. She had been the victor,
just as Suimei expected. Graziella then swept her hair back and folded her
arms.
“...S-So that would about sum it up. Your fighting techniques are quality,
but when it comes to spirit, Astel’s hero seems better.”
With a triumphant look on her face, she was comparing her encounter
with Elliot to the time she’d fought alongside Reiji in Astel. Seeing her
tower over him with her arms folded like that, Elliot must have felt
humiliated. He was still wearing his armor, but the shaking of his fists was
quite visible. After gulping down a drink brought to her by her attendant,
Graziella turned back towards Elliot.
“A deal’s a deal. Until the incident is resolved, I will have you obey my
commands.”
“Ugh...”
“Or what? After all this, will the hero of all people refuse?”
“...No.”
Graziella’s way of speaking was quite provocative, but Elliot accepted

her words. His face indicated it brought him no pleasure to do so, however.
He looked disgusted. He then dispelled his armor and shield, and stood
back up. Christa rushed over to his side and was about to try and dissuade
him, but it seemed that once Elliot decided on something, there was no
going back. He simply shook his head at Christa. Graziella then turned to
Suimei. She narrowed her eyes into thin slits as she stared at him.
“Now then, you’re next.”
Suimei wouldn’t kowtow in a situation like this. He met her gaze head
on.
“I’d like to refuse getting involved in any fighting, however.”
“You have no say in the matter, bastard. You will either submit to me, or
fight me.”
Suimei’s request was flatly denied by her haughty words. Felmenia then
shouted at Graziella.
“Your Highness, please wait! No matter how you put it, is this not too
high-handed?!”
“And who, exactly, would you complain to about that?”
“Th-That...!”
“What? There’s no need to worry, I assure you. We’ll just have a little go
at each other.”
Graziella’s penchant for getting her way by dominating everything was
amazing in its own right. It was entirely possible for Felmenia to lodge a
complaint with Almadious, but the princess didn’t seem to care one bit. As
she and Suimei stared each other down, he stepped forward.
“Menia, get back.”
“Suimei-dono, you’re...!”
“She won’t listen no matter what we say. The hunger in her eyes says
that much.”
Suimei nodded in Graziella’s direction, suggesting Felmenia take a look
for herself. Following his lead, she turned to the princess.
“In her eyes...? A hunger...?”
Felmenia sounded puzzled. It seemed she couldn’t understand it;
however, reflected within those blue eyes was certainly a hunger. They were
the eyes of someone who pursued conflict. Or rather, of someone who
desired the thrill of a good fight. Suimei recognized that, yet he approached
her anyway. Graziella put on an arrogant smile like she was tired of waiting.

“It seems you’ve finally gotten motivated.”
“Against my will, mind you.”
Graziella’s excitement was brushed off by Suimei’s exasperation. Elliot,
who had stepped back together with Christa, was looking at Suimei rather
dubiously.
“Hey, aren’t you still...”
He was asking about Suimei’s unhealed injuries. And in answer to that
incomplete question, Suimei confirmed the truth in a bitter voice.
“There was your case and then this one... My goodness, I’ve had nothing
but bad luck since coming here.”
While making light of the situation, Suimei got into position. Graziella
was already prepared for battle and was letting her ferocious presence run
wild. Observing Suimei, she turned a critical eye on him.
“It’s dull.”
“What is?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Your face.”
It was a transparent taunt. And when Suimei’s expression stiffened,
Graziella let out a thrilled chuckle.
“Ohoho, don’t be so offended. You’re no gem, but I’ve judged that a
bastard like you is not one to be underestimated... According to the stories,
you may just be on par with the Elite Twelve.”
She laughed, but then her tone turned sharp and she gave Suimei a
piercing stare. It seemed she was indeed taking him seriously. Liliana was
one of the Elite Twelve, so if Graziella assumed that she was the culprit that
Suimei had fought during the incident, she had every reason to be on her
guard with him.
“I’m a little late in asking, but you were the one who drove the culprit
into a corner, correct?”
“Who knows? I don’t know who told you such a thing, but I have no
memory of doing it.”
“I’m talking about Liliana Zandyke.”
“She was certainly present at the time, but there’s no proof of whether or
not she’s the culprit.”
“No proof, you say? You bastard, were you not at the scene? Did you not
fight with her for that reason?”
Graziella came down hard on Suimei’s vague, nonchalant replies and

intensely questioned him. It felt like the air itself had become heavy. But
Suimei paid none of this any mind.
“I wonder... My memories of that night are awfully vague.”
“Do you intend to play dumb to the end?”
“...Hmph.”
“Oh...?”
“Isn’t it about time you shut the fuck up, you stupid brat?”
Suimei had had enough of her little interrogation. He blew her
pretentiously considerate attitude right out of the water. He could hear the
angry voices of people around him, but it was nothing that concerned him.
While he was holding on to Liliana’s secret, such inquiries were a hindrance
and an annoyance. But since she was trying to get information out of him, it
meant that they still hadn’t grasped Liliana’s whereabouts. The reason they
were to strong-arm Suimei under their command was basically because they
had gotten impatient. But upon hearing Suimei’s rudeness, Graziella let out
an oppressive laugh.
“Hmph, so that is your true character? That kind of disrespectful speech
can get you charged with slander against the crown, you know?”
“Like I care! If you think you can arrest me, just give it a try!”
“Ha! You sure can talk!”
Graziella’s very words were filled with energy as she rushed fiercely at
Suimei. Unlike her fight with Elliot, she intended to start things off in close
quarters. Suimei evaded her fist and blocked her high kick with his arm.
Twisting on the spot, he aimed a roundhouse kick at Graziella’s head. As
she raised her gauntlet and blocked it, Suimei jumped backwards. Graziella
immediately gave chase with her fist.
“Ugh!”
“What’s wrong? Your movements are dull.”
Suimei was annoyed, but just as she said, his body was not moving
fluidly. Due to the damage to his astral body, even though his physical body
was unharmed, it still didn’t quite move the way he wanted it to. It took