and the user becomes unable to grasp the technique itself. These are the two

negatives. However, in general, it is a largely convenient formula. So next,
dark magic draws out the deep resentment mixed in within that wide
concept as power.”
Liliana knit her brow at this crazy conversation.
“Please... wait. Why is that kind of thing... mixed in within the
Elements?”
“I’m also having trouble understanding this. Suimei-kun just said that
magic is something used by communicating with the Elements. So how
does that kind of thing end up being related to magic?”
“With regards to that, it was the intent of the people who created this
magic system in the first place. I’ll start by answering Liliana’s question.”
The two girls nodded.
“In short, that thing known as hatred... As long as there are humans, it
will exist. It’s something that never disappears. No matter who it is, they
cannot completely cast aside hatred and jealousy. Obviously, as the number
of humans increase, so too do those feelings. Just like that, it simply
multiplies without end, and eventually, it will completely fill up the shell
known as the world.”
“Just what happens when that occurs?”
“What happens, huh...? In my world, it has already happened. As science
and medical technology remarkably advanced, the number of people
increased far too quickly. That pent-up resentment that could not be held on
to accumulated all over the world. It all turned into occurrences of nothing
but ridiculous phenomena. To put it simply, when that kind of thing
accumulates, the world will become strange.”
Suimei looked at the girls and punctuated his statement by adding,
“That’s how it is.”
The girls waited patiently for the rest of his explanation, still trying to
decipher his words.
“Removing the abnormalities in one’s body is something anybody wants
to do. That applies even to the larger concept known as a world. That’s why
the world is always ejecting it outwards. I figure that what gets ejected ends
up stopping in the place where the things known as the Elements reside, and
begins to accumulate.”
“However, Suimei-dono, I believe that in that case, would it not be a
similar power to the Elements?”

“But magic exists even without the Elements. As long as one follows the
proper process, they can create the technique that is the origin of its power.”
“Ah...”
“When the very first person created the notion of magic in this world,
just how did they have knowledge about the Elements? We’ll exclude that
from the explanation from here. That unknown person first carefully split
the wide concept known as the Elements one by one into smaller concepts
like fire, water, and wind. If it was something like that, I believe that the
limited power that could possibly be hailed is the reason why there are not
many complex processes to using magic here. And then, while in the middle
of splitting the concept up into categories, they found the thing that they
called the power of darkness. That was hatred and resentment. When it
manifested as power, it was black and repulsive. That kind of thing is often
associated with the darkness of the night. Surely that person also thought
the same and connected the two. I don’t know whether or not they were
seized by the charm of such a strong power, but there’s no real doubt that
they touched upon it.”
“...So what you’re saying, Suimei-kun, is that because the first person to
give birth to magic here mistook the power of hatred and resentment as the
Elements, dark magic was created?”
“That’s about it.”
“That is the true form... of the power I’ve been using?”
Liliana spoke with downcast eyes, but Suimei replied with an
affirmative nod. Her eyes then seemed to waver.
“Then, that ominous being... What was it?”
She was gripping the covers on the bed tightly with a frightened face as
she recalled the strange creature they’d seen that night.
“The sinful figure, right? It was something mysticology refers to as a
sinister being. It’s a coagulation of refined malice. At the time that it
reaches the density of an astrosus, the concept called the faceless in the
astral plane is then projected into the world as the sinful figure, and it
manifests like that.”
On that evening, when Liliana’s dark magic went berserk, her pent-up
resentment had become quite pronounced. So much so that it manifested. At
that time, when Liliana was no longer able to move, it was because of the
sinful figure. Commonly referred to as spirits of the deceased, these wicked

spirits take one of three forms. The most common, well known case was the
possession of the target. The second was half-possession, like when Suimei
used the sacred guardian angel when striking Rajas with abracadabra. And
the third was the kind that tormented Liliana on that evening, the state
known as obsession that brought the mystical being into the physical world.
When exposed to the effects of an evil existence in the physical world, the
spirit will weaken. Suimei explained up to this point, but...
“...Somehow, suddenly, it’s become quite difficult to understand.”
“...When Suimei-dono starts passionately explaining something, he
starts using many difficult words, after all.”
“...When he first starts, he explains everything simply with easy to
understand comparisons though. Once he gets like this, it’s hopeless.”
Suimei was so absorbed in his explanation that he didn’t even hear the
three of them whispering to each other. And before long, he’d finished his
entire mini-lesson from start to end.
“That’s how it is.”
“Somehow or other, I understand.”
Suimei nodded like he was satisfied, and after a short pause, looked over
at Liliana. It was an earnest gaze without a single hint of joking around. In
response to that, Liliana straightened out her posture and faced him.
“If I teach you the foundations of magicka, you’ll be able to learn
techniques to not get taken by the darkness. If you learn that, the portions of
your body and heart that are suffering from the darkness will also get better.
How about it?”
As she heard his question, Liliana unconsciously opened her mouth. She
was likely about to ask, “Why would you go so far for me?” But then she
gave up, recalling that Suimei said he was a busybody.
“Understood. I’ll be... in your care.”
Liliana once more took Suimei’s outstretched hand into her own. And
that was how Suimei’s party gained another new companion.