either have to be broken down with offensive magicka, decelerated and
stopped, or repelled altogether. There were many approaches to defending
against the physical variety, but treating it like a mystical object was not
one of them.
And the magic Graziella had used fell into that category. The massive
rock was placed onto a magic circle beforehand, and using a spell, she
connected that magic circle to the space before her. Doing so teleported the
rock to her, and she could then use it to attack her opponent. The means
behind the attack were actually extremely simple, but it could not be
criticized by saying it was lacking in sophistication or that it was a mere
warp spell. She had easily transferred something weighing hundreds of tons
without compressing its size. The dangerous potential of such a spell was
plain to see.
Suimei’s rampart had the power to stop a tank shell with far more
destructive power than her boulder. However, that was possible because he
only had to stop something roughly the size of a bullet. For something that
massive, even if its destructive power was inferior, it wasn’t something he
could stop completely. Of course, there were other approaches to handling
the situation, so he wasn’t too concerned, but...
“No, wait. If that is teleportation magic, then weren’t the preparations to
use it lacking?”
“That’s why I said it was the embroidery in the lining. It has the same
spell as the magicka circle inscribed in it. The compiled spell doesn’t
require much of a chant, and it’s also probable that magicka circle where
the rock was stored has some sort of setup to it as well.”
“Even so, it doesn’t all seem to add up...”
“That’s just how strange summoning magicka is... But at the time of the

teleportation, the lining has to be exposed.”
“I see, so that’s what gave you a hint...”
With that, Elliot turned to Graziella with an unpleasant expression on his
face. He then groaned and spoke with a palpable bitterness.
“So when you were fighting me, you had yet to get serious...”
Graziella’s expression remained completely transparent as she replied.
“It seems the two of you have quite a dynamic going when you talk, I
see.”
“That’s news to me...”
Suimei looked at Elliot with a puzzled expression like he’d just realized
it himself. Graziella then astonishedly acknowledged that Suimei had
guessed the truth behind her magic.
“There were a bunch of nonsensical words mixed in your explanation,
but it is certain that you have seen through it.”
After Graziella let out a snort, she sharpened her gaze considerably and
glared at Suimei.
“However, I’m surprised that there is someone who could grasp the
technique created by gathering the best technology in all the Empire after
only seeing it once. Bastard, just who are you?”
“That isn’t something that you need to know.”
“Hmph, that’s fine. I thought it was strange that White Flame-dono was
with you, but that must mean you have something or other to do with the
man who defeated that Demon General Rajas and his army, right?”
“What’s that? Wasn’t the one who defeated the demon general the hero
from Astel?”
“Quit it. You’ve probably heard the truth from White Flame-dono
already. Besides, that man is still far too green—”
Graziella’s mana began expanding before she cut herself off. This likely
meant she was going to go full throttle from here. She mostly used common
magics of the Elements, but she also had that skill which allowed her to
accelerate her body as well as the teleportation magic she could form in the
air.
“Using a fighting style like a damn Taoist...”
“Again, I don’t understand what you’re saying, but it seems you have
more of a backbone than that hero. Though it is a little late, I will hear your
name.”

“It’s Suimei Yakagi.”
“Oh? What an unusual name.”
“Yeah, sue me.”
Stifling his impatience, Suimei stuck out his tongue like a petulant brat.
This was a tough battle. If he were in better shape, there would be an untold
number of ways he could respond. But with his astral body still damaged,
even a two verse chant was a strain on him. Even the simple trick of relying
on magicka to transform into gas would be fairly dangerous due to the
ambiguous state of Suimei’s mind.
But all else aside, Suimei knew that teleportation magic she was using
couldn’t be invoked more than three times in a short span of time.
Regardless of the practitioner’s abilities, the laws of magicka would not
allow it. But even armed with that knowledge, the current Suimei couldn’t
—
Once more, a region of space in the air became hazy. Another massive
rock was about to fall down. Suimei evaded to the side, but was unable to
get away cleanly.
“Gah!”
“S-Suimei-dono!”
While the shock wave was still rattling his brain, Graziella began her
next move. Suimei didn’t even have time to correct his posture.
“There’s still more!”
Graziella shattered the massive rock with a fist and shot the stone
shrapnel at Suimei. It was a barrage of sharp rocks. But she wasn’t done
there. The next thing Suimei knew, the ground was rising and his body was
completely racked with pain. Witnessing all this unfold, Felmenia’s face
went deathly pale.
“A-Aah...”
Unable to bear it anymore, she screamed at Graziella.
“Your Highness! Please stop this already!”
But Graziella had no intention of listening. Intent on bringing things to
an end, she struck the ground with her spell. The ground rose further and
transformed into a spire and thrust at Suimei. The earthen blast blanketed
the area in a curtain of dust. Graziella took a single glance at her handiwork
and had but one thing to say.
“It’s over.”

But it was a premature declaration. As the curtain of dust drew back, she
could see Suimei standing there breathing heavily. Felmenia looked
relieved and delighted.
“Tch, don’t just arbitrarily... call the match on your own, damn it...”
“You still haven’t fallen over, huh? No matter. You won’t be able to fight
any more in that condition. Give up and cooperate with me.”
Perhaps because she was exasperated by his stubbornness, Suimei
bothered to listen to her. But what he heard was not a taunt. No, what she
said was a plainspoken request without any of her usual abusive language.
“Give up? Me? Ha... haha...”
Suimei’s eerie, sardonic laughter between his ragged breaths resounded
throughout the plaza. Graziella’s gaze grew sharp as she looked at Suimei,
who ignorantly seemed to be provoking her.
“What’s so funny?”
“I won’t be able to fight; that’s what you said, right? Just who do you
think I am?”
“I don’t know how you can be that confident. Is it not obvious that—”
It happened as Graziella was in the middle of speaking. Before she could
even finish putting her thoughts into words, the air began to tremble.
“Is this earth attribute magic? No...”
Graziella hazarded a guess, but it was incorrect. The real answer was
magicka. It was a phenomenon caused by magicka, and not just any regular
phenomenon. And the trembling gradually strengthened with Suimei’s
power. The abnormal oscillation was caused by nothing other than the
enormous amount of mana that was taking shape, causing space itself to
shake with its mystical power.
Within the shaking space that showed no signs of calming down,
Suimei’s mana was swelling up in proportion to the strength of the
vibrations. The effect was akin to a nuclear reactor’s enormous energy
overflowing, but it had appeared in an instant and had already caused a
vortex covering five hundred meters in all directions. Pulled by the
manifested power, the bricks on the ground were lifted in the air and
shattered. Many small, blue lightning bolts danced in the air like an electric
current. Their crackling echoed ominously.
Suimei steeled himself. If he kept fighting while heeding the limits of
his body, only a dead end lay before him. He was smack in the middle of

the plaza right now. There was nowhere to run. And if there was no way of
winning by using all of his strength, there was no other choice but to strike
with his entire soul.
Archiatius Overload.
Those words that Suimei had ready in the back of his throat never left
his mouth. He’d finished all preparations for unleashing them and was
standing at the border where his mana furnace would be released. What
stopped Suimei, who had a crimson fire burning in his eyes, was Felmenia,
who jumped at his back with all her might.
“Suimei-dono!”
As Felmenia clung to his torso, Suimei turned his head slightly to look
over his shoulder at her.
“Menia?! What are—”
“You cannot, Suimei-dono! Please restrain yourself! You cannot let out
this kind of power in the middle of the city!”
“But...”
“Suimei-dono! Please calm down! Just unleashing your mana is one
thing, but if you use magicka like this, not a single building... No, not a
single human would...!”
“Tch...”
It was true everything and everyone in a certain radius wouldn’t be
getting off lightly. Felmenia was clinging desperately to him through the
raging wind created by his mana to try and prevent exactly that. Suimei
abandoned his plans to ignite his mana furnace when she begged him. It
was just as she said. In this situation where he didn’t have the leisure of
holding back to defeat Graziella, he naturally resorted to using his magicka
at full strength. But if he went all out, the damage wouldn’t be limited to
only the plaza. While grinding his teeth at the pain in his body and his
frustration, Suimei decelerated the rotation of his mana furnace. When it
turned off, a great lethargy assaulted Suimei’s body. Unable to put up a fight
against his strength draining from him, Suimei collapsed into Felmenia’s
arms.
“Ugh... Menia...”
“Come! It must be painful, but please hold on to me tightly!”
Judging that Suimei’s condition was quite bad, Felmenia attempted to
carry him away. She’d reinforced her physical strength before jumping at

Suimei, and now went to apply the instant movement magicka she’d
learned from Suimei. As she did, a wrathful voice chased after her.
“Did you think I’d just let you run?”
“Even if it is impossible, I will force my way through!”
With that, Felmenia began weaving her spell.
“Just as the eternal wind conveys, send the shining and swaying flames
to His side! Hear my voice! Thou art the Ishim dyed in white! Hear my
voice! Thou art the Ishim that shakes off all calamity!”
Light was running wild in the air. It traced the shape of a circle and
began drawing letters and symbols within it. A magicka circle had taken
form. The completed circle poured out an intense heat that one could
scarcely imagine from seeing her previous magic.
“Ugh!”
When Graziella saw this, she fell back in a panic. Just as her feet
touched the ground after leaping backward, Felmenia unleashed her
keywords.
“Truth Flare!”
[White Flame Hyacinth!]
Like a blooming flower, the whistling white flames stretched out into
thick belts and charged at Graziella as if to mow her down. In response,
Graziella raised the ground before her like a shield and took a defensive
stance. Eventually the white flame had died down to the point where they
could only burn hair, but they’d already accomplished their purpose.
Felmenia and Suimei were both outside the plaza now and had escaped the