If they just left Hadorious to his own devices, there was no telling what
he would do. It seemed it was necessary to find a chance to make contact
with him. Hearing Suimei’s statement, Reiji’s expression grew serious.
“Suimei, Duke Hadorious is strong. He was able to catch and stop my
fist.”
“So what? What am I supposed to make of that?”
“Do you think you could stop my punch as I am now, Suimei?”
As Suimei was poking fun at Reiji, Reiji grinned and formed a fist like
he was going to send him flying along with his joke. In response, Suimei
raised both his hands.
“I’m a pacifist. I’m against violence.”
“...You sure can talk. Despite the fact that you’re surprisingly
merciless.”
Reiji’s unamused gaze pierced through Suimei’s shamelessness.
Shrugging his shoulders as if he didn’t know what Reiji was talking about,

he let out one more exasperated sigh. Moving on, Suimei turned serious as
he closed his eyes and began thinking.
“At any rate... Graziella, huh? Just why would some bigshot noble force
you to do something like that?”
“With regards to that, we’re pretty in the dark ourselves.”
Reiji shook his head. The doleful look on his face told Suimei just how
much distress this put him through on their journey. Seeing it, Suimei put
together what he’d heard of the story and gave his assessment without any
prompting.
“Somehow, it feels like he wanted you to head towards the imperial
capital.”
“Wanted me to head to the imperial capital? But there shouldn’t be any
demons in the Empire...”
“That’s exactly why. This kind of place has nothing to do with the hero’s
job. On top of that, it’s not like you’re here to raise the spirits of the citizens
of an allied country. There should be no reason to make a hero come here,
right? If he’s as remarkable as you say he is, he should have as many
subordinates and spies as he wants to send over. And if he was really that
curious, they would already be here. From what I’ve heard, it sounds like
this Hadorious guy was going out of his way to get you to come to this
country by any means possible.”
“Why, though?”
Suimei shut his eyes as he listened to Mizuki’s frank question.
“Well... If he’s taken a hostage and made threats, it must be something
big, huh?”
“But Duke Hadorious only told us to check up on Princess Graziella’s
movements. He didn’t tell us to do anything else....”
Reiji’s expression became quite grim as he sank deeper into thought
about what could possibly be going on. If it was just as Reiji said and
Hadorious really only wanted Reiji to stalk Graziella, then Suimei could
just deem Hadorious woefully incompetent. If this was only about checking
up on her, then it wasn’t worth incurring Reiji’s enmity just to send him
over to the Empire and make him take care of the job.
“Certainly, it is just as Duke Hadorious says. Lately Her Imperial
Highness Graziella has been quite busy. Using her authority in the military,
she’s been taking very firm political measures towards neighboring

countries, and quite often at that. As far as Astel is concerned, it’s not a very
good situation.”
No one was about to tell Titania she was wrong, but Suimei couldn’t just
leave it at that. From the flow of the conversation, he couldn’t shake the
feeling that there was something being implied in a roundabout way by
Hadorious’s actions.
“But when Princess Graziella invaded the border, Duke Hadorious
didn’t really have anything in particular to say about it then, right?”
“Aha, that’s it!”
As if the answer had swooped down on him, Suimei snapped his fingers.
The last fragment had fallen into place with Reiji’s candid question.
“What do you mean, Suimei?”
“You said at the time that woman invaded the border, right? The
imperial princess... How did she get to where you guys were?”
“How did she get there? Not the reason why she was there?”
“That’s right. I’m talking about the way she physically got there.”
“That’s... She said she took her troops and forcibly broke through.”
“So she broke through that fortress on the national border without any
trouble at all?”
Rather than Reiji, it was Felmenia who answered his question.
“Surely. From what I have seen of Her Imperial Highness and the troops
under her command, it did not look like they had suffered any damage.”
Felmenia was ruminating over her own words. After saying it, she
seemed to be recalling the events in her head. As she thought it over, Lefille
flashed a quizzical expression.
“That’s certainly strange... When I was there with Suimei-kun, the
fortress on the national border to Astel didn’t look so frail that it could be
overrun so easily.”
“No, it certainly didn’t, did it?”
Titania was of the same opinion. A flustered expression floated up on
her face as she realized she hadn’t thought about this before. The fortress on
the national border was well built and well defended. Not only was there
the ravine, but the fortress boasted an incredible iron gate. The times at
which it opened and closed were predetermined, so it wasn’t a simple
matter to pass through forcefully. But taking Graziella’s abilities into
consideration, she was more than capable of bulldozing her way through. It

wasn’t hard to imagine her doing it. But if she had used her magic to do so,
it was inevitable that it would have turned into a major uproar. There would
have been serious damage to show for it, too. Yet no one had seen or heard
anything.
“Besides, her timing was too good. I heard her arrival coincided exactly
with the time the army from Kurant City was closing in on the demons,
right?”
“Certainly, now that you mention it, that was the case, but... It’s not an
impossible coincidence, right?”
Reiji uttered those words of denial like his self-confidence was faltering.
But Suimei shook his head and continued.
“At the point in time when the demons arrived in the country, the only
ones who knew about it were the higher-ups in Astel and Gregory-san, who
guided you guys away from them. And from what I’ve heard, the only ones
who’ve encountered any demons were you guys, the lot from the trade
corps, and us. The citizens of Astel were not made aware of the presence of
demons. So as far as the people of Astel are concerned, there are only
demons outside the country. So in spite of all of that, how did someone
from another country get their hands on that kind of information so easily?”
“Maybe they captured a demon within imperial territory and made it
talk?”
“Impossible. Demons would never cooperate. They aren’t that kind of
being.”
Lefille drew her conclusion in no time at all. She knew more about
demons than anyone else; there was no way she was wrong about their
behavior. And from what Suimei could remember of his encounters with
them, he too knew that they were not the kind of beings who would reveal
any information even if they were tortured. In fact, he wouldn’t be surprised
if they self-destructed the moment they were captured. In that case, if
Suimei had to guess...
“Hey, perhaps this Hadorious guy...”
Perhaps. That vague silhouette in Suimei’s mind gradually began to take
shape. Before his answer became clear enough that he could put it into
words, Titania took a stab at it.
“...Leaked the information, allowed Her Imperial Highness Graziella
into the country, and schemed with the guards at the national border?

Suimei, is this what you are implying?”
Suimei answered her with a nod. The tension in the air bound everyone
in silence. Lagging behind a beat, Mizuki threw out a flustered question in a
panic.
“B-But what does he have to gain from doing that kind of thing? Duke
Hadorious is a noble of Astel, you know? Are you saying he’s connected to
Princess Graziella behind the scenes?”
“Who knows? I don’t know whether they’re connected or whether he
simply leaked the information yet... Well, if it’s that’s the case, then it
would be an easy excuse to start a war. That dangerous woman aggressively
crossed the national border without permission, after all. If there was
someone important in Astel who was holding a grudge against the Empire,
it would be quite easy for them to prey on that. And then he immediately
sent Reiji over after that.”
“Do you think they’re also being provoked?”
Reiji’s expression had become quite strained. Suimei replied as though
the answer was no surprise to him.
“He said himself it was only to check up on things, after all.”
Certainly, Graziella’s actions in pushing through the border into Astel’s
territory may have been reasonable considering the situation. However, it
would naturally make the leaders of Astel nervous. And if, right after it
happened, Reiji made an unexpected visit to the Empire, that nervousness
would double instantly.
“However, Suimei, there should be no reason right now for Astel to
declare war on the Empire.”
“Right? That’s also the point I don’t quite get.”
That was where Suimei had to throw his hands up in the air with a
troubled groan. With demons invading human territories, there was no
benefit to be wrought from causing a falling out between nations. Felmenia
and Titania were also both in agreement on this matter.
“Even if we’re talking about Duke Hadorious, he should fully
understand the menace of the demon threat. Besides, just from leaking
information on them, it would be uncertain that the leaders of the Empire
would make a move.”
“That’s true. There are too many variables for it to be that kind of
scheme, huh...?”

As they were discussing this, Reiji began to stir.
“But...”
“Is there something on your mind, Reiji?”
“No, it’s just... If it’s as Suimei suspects, I was just thinking that Duke
Hadorious’s attitude at that time might make sense.”
“You mean about how quiet he was?”
“Yeah. If Princess Graziella’s arrival was actually some setup by Duke
Hadorious, then his silence at the time regarding her trespassing wraps itself
up nicely. With his personality, he would have at least let fly one brutally
honest remark under such circumstances... But, all in all, I don’t think we’re
going to make any more progress on this topic.”
“That’s certainly true.”
There wasn’t enough material for them to make a proper judgment.
There would be nothing better than quickly getting on top of whatever
scheme was afoot while they could, but that was impossible under the
current circumstances. All they could determine right now was that they
needed to be vigilant in regards to Hadorious.
“So, switching gears, what are you guys going to do from here on?”
“Oh my gosh, Suimei-kun, listen to this! We couldn’t even find an inn!”
“Well, there’s that parade and all.”
Mizuki looked at Suimei imploringly, as if for advice or a solution, but
he only looked back at her as if the present situation should have been a
given. The inns were probably overbooked before they even arrived. Suimei
leaned back in his chair as he pondering this.
“...Wanna stay here? With this many people, it’ll be pretty cramped
though.”
“Suimei, is that really alright?”
“We don’t have enough beds for everyone, so the guys will have to sleep
together in the living room.”
Reiji didn’t seem to have any objections. As he looked around the room
to see if it was alright with everyone else, the female knight Luka spoke up.
“If that is the case, we will once more look for some lodgings. Even if
we’re only able to secure a few rooms, we would be able to split up
between the inns and Suimei-dono’s house.”
As Reiji acknowledged this, the knights all agreed and headed towards
the front door. Reiji and Mizuki went to see them off, perhaps to once more