“Oh...? The culprit behind the coma incidents, you say? Then certainly
you know that girl you brought along is rumored to be the criminal.”
“Publicly, at least. However, the truth is that there was someone behind
even that. A mastermind who used magic on Liliana and manipulated her.”
“My goodness... But this is the library, you know?”
Romeon pretended to look around the area as he spoke as if to imply
there was no way such a person was there. But Suimei didn’t falter and
didn’t back down.
“Exactly. And the mastermind is right here.”
“Right here? Whatever do you mean?”
“If it’s just us and you standing here, then there’s only one answer,
right?”
Hearing those words, Romeon flashed an astonished expression before
bursting into laughter like he’d heard a bad joke.

“You couldn’t possibly be saying that I’m the criminal, right?”
“Unfortunately, that’s exactly what I’m saying.”
“No way, Yakagi-kun. Think about it. There is no way I would do
something so outrageous, is there?”
“When the bad guy says that kind of thing, it doesn’t really hold a lot of
water, you know?”
A troubled smile floated on Romeon’s face as Suimei asserted himself.
He then reined himself in and pushed his glasses up as he adjusted their
position on his nose. He was as calm as ever, but the friendly demeanor
he’d had up until now vanished.
“Hmph... You sound quite confident. What basis do you have to believe
that I am the criminal?”
“I have plenty of reasons.”
“If you do, may I ask what they are?”
“What first tipped me off was that time I came here with Menia,” Suimei
began.
“...You mean the time I talked with you about dark magic? Treating me
like a criminal just from that is what we call imprudence.”
Before Suimei could finish explaining, Romeon took a guess as to what
Suimei was implying and, with a tedious sigh, began defending himself.
“Is it not hasty to decide that I am the criminal just because I know
about dark magic? There are people all over the world who know of the
existence of dark magic, you know?”
“Listen, I wouldn’t treat you like a criminal just because you know a
thing or two about dark magic. Like you said, there are plenty of people in
this world who do.”
“Then...”
“But that wasn’t all you talked with us about that day.”
“Then you mean something else?”
Romeon made a puzzled face like he had no idea what Suimei was
talking about.
“Those words used to strengthen dark magic.”
“...Now that I think about, I do remember mentioning something like
that. The words the criminal appended to the end of their spells were savage
names, right? But what of it? Do you find me suspicious just because I
know of savage names?”

“That’s right. After talking with Liliana about it, it seems they’re
something she learned from the real mastermind behind the incidents.”
“So just because I know savage names too, I must be the criminal? Is
that any different from judging someone on the basis that they know dark
magic?” Romeon said with a grand sigh. “Yakagi-kun, will you stop this
already? If you do, I will forget all about this.”
As he spoke, Romeon’s voice returned to its usual amicable tone and he
put on a troubled smile once more. The man proposing to ignore everything
as nonsense certainly did appear to be harmless.
“Okay, Mr. Librarian, there’s just a teensy little thing that I’d like to
confirm. How did you explain it to us at that time? That’s all I want to
know. Could you remind me once more?”
Astonished at Suimei’s question, Romeon again sighed in an irritated
fashion and answered ambiguously.
“Savage names are words used in this world since ancient times to
strengthen dark magic. They have been long lost, but they amplify the
power of darkness. Needless to say, anyone struck by such strengthened
dark magic would suffer serious harm. What—”
“It’s that. That’s the part that’s strange.”
“...”
As Suimei suddenly identified what was bothering him, Romeon went
quiet before pointing a sharp gaze at Suimei and questioning the source of
his doubt.
“I do not understand what you’re trying to say, Yakagi-kun. What about
what I said is strange? Surely this isn’t because of some turn of phrase...”
“Before we go any further, let me just come out and say that I’m not
from this world. I was a bonus that came with the hero who was summoned
in Astel.”
Hearing Suimei’s declaration, a bit of surprise flashed across Romeon’s
face. But he then nodded in acknowledgment.
“Now that you mention it, there were rumors of an accident around the
time of the hero summoning in Astel. However, I believe that has no
bearing on our conversation, does it?”
“That’s not quite true. It has a surprising connection to what we’re
talking about.”
“A connection...?”

“That’s right. Those words are one of the mystical figures of speech
from our world.”
Hearing Suimei’s explanation, Romeon’s composure vanished and his
expression turned grim.
“I don’t know what conclusion you’re drawing from all that, but it’s not
a given that they’re something that only exists in your world, is it? Just as
different worlds can have the same technologies, those savage names could
be born in different worlds.”
“That’s true. It isn’t all that unlikely that the same concept was born in
this world. However, unfortunately, that doesn’t seem to be the case.”
“On what grounds? You couldn’t possibly be saying that you found the
origin of savage names in this world, could you?”
“Nope, I don’t need to go to all that trouble.”
Romeon’s irritation was piling up counter to Suimei’s mounting insight.
He was starting to get restless. While dusting a nearby chair with his finger,
his tone turned sharp.
“Why is that?”
Suimei let out a laugh, knowing Romeon already knew the answer to the
question he was asking.
“I mean, for a while now, you’ve been saying ‘nomina barbara, nomina
barbara’ repeatedly using the language from our world.”
“...”
Hearing those words, Romeon’s expression grew even more grim. He
began to open his mouth like he had an objection, but Suimei ignored him
and continued cutting forward with his words.
“Normally, the people brought to this world by the magicka circle used
for hero summoning hear the language of this world in their own native
language. But it’s not like you people are actually speaking our language.
You’re still speaking in your own native tongue. So if what you said was
true and the concept of savage names existed in this world natively, the
words I heard you say should have been magically translated into Japanese
and the way your mouth moved when you said it should have been new to
me. But I remember thinking there was something odd about it. Something
familiar. Which leads me to believe only one thing.”
“Ah... That’s why at that time... you asked me if I heard ‘nomina
barbara,’ right?”

Liliana spoke up as she came to an understanding. Suimei had
specifically asked her about that while they were discussing the mastermind
behind the incidents. All this time he had been referring to savage names in
Japanese, but he wanted to confirm he got the same results when saying it
in Latin.
“That’s right. And because it’s something from my world and not here, I
was actually hearing what you were saying rather than a translation. Which
means that it’s rather strange for you to know about it, doesn’t it?”
Confronted with this, Romeon replied by pointing out that there were
holes in Suimei’s logic.
“Even so, that doesn’t implicitly mean that I am the criminal, does it?
Heroes have been summoned to this world since ancient times. It is not
impossible to think that a hero came from your world long ago and passed
on the knowledge of savage names, leading to its usage here, right?”
Suimei listlessly scratched the back of his head as he heard this.
“Yeah, about that... I have something I’d like to ask you. Exactly how
long ago was the last time a hero was summoned to this world?”
“...”
“I don’t know if you actually know or not, but if you don’t want to say
it, I’ll tell you myself. Based on my and Menia’s investigations, the last
time a hero was summoned seems to have been over one hundred years ago.
Of course, anything related to hero summoning is strictly controlled by the
Church of Salvation and Mage’s Guild, so there’s no such thing as an off-
the-record summoning.”
Romeon remained silent as Suimei spoke, and Suimei moved into his
endgame with this conversation.
“Savage names first became a thing in our world during an age called
the Crowley era. That was approximately one hundred years ago. But the
first time it took a form that could actually be used was when Kenneth
Grant fully established the concept fifty years or so ago. See? With that,
your little theory is out the window.” Suimei then shrugged his shoulders
like he was stumped by something. “There remains the question of why
savage names are even in this world, but... Well, whatever. The important
thing right now is that someone aside from myself and Liliana who knows
of a concept that shouldn’t exist in this world is present in the imperial
capital.”

“...”
Romeon cast his eyes downward. Just what emotions was he hiding
behind those glasses? Suimei had no idea what he was thinking without
being able to see his face. However, deciding it was too soon to back off,
Suimei continued chasing Romeon into a corner.
“It’s about time you stop playing dumb, Mr. Librarian. From what I’ve
heard, you came to the imperial capital just as the coma incidents began,
didn’t you? Isn’t that a bit of an extraordinary coincidence?”
Romeon still didn’t capitulate.
“Do you have any proof?”
“Not at all. Before I could put the last nail in the coffin, I was forced to
make my move.”
Suimei confessed that he was one move away from perfection. But even
without that, he wasn’t at a disadvantage. After all...
“Well, I’m not a detective. I don’t have any evidence that strongly points
to you. All I have is just speculation. And it’s easy enough to point out the
problems with that, which won’t do. However, even though I’m not a
detective, I’m a magician. In my world, there are techniques to forcefully
extract another person’s memories, you see. So...”
In the blink of an eye, Suimei donned his black suit—his battle uniform.
Highlighting that he was no ordinary person, his crimson eyes lit ablaze.
“If we cut out the talking, that way would be much faster.”
With the circumstantial evidence mounting against him, even without
definitive proof, there was no mistaking that this elf was the criminal. All
that was necessary to confirm it would be to see if he was the one that
manipulated Liliana.
After a while, Suimei could hear clapping. With his gaze still cast
downward, Romeon was putting his hands together for Suimei like he was
praising him for finding the criminal. Grasping this as a form of admittance,
Liliana regarded Romeon with a bewildered expression.
“Mr. Librarian... you’re...”
“My goodness, to think that Yakagi-kun was someone summoned from
another world... That was completely outside my expectations.”
“That time you told us about savage names here in the library, and that
time you came to warn us in the alley... You did all that to try and keep us
away from the incident, right?”
