“I could say the same. I never imagined that Lefille-chan would be your
acquaintance.”
“I bet, huh? Fate is a mysterious thing, you know.”
As Mizuki cut in, Suimei’s lips curled into an impish smirk.
“What? Not, ‘Oh, this must be the guidance of the stars’?”
“Jeez! How can you be so mean right after we get here?!”
Mizuki infuriatedly puffed out her cheeks over Suimei intentionally
bringing up her past. Suimei and Reiji both smiled at her charming reaction.
Of course, all of this was either meaningless, incomprehensible, or simply
strange to everyone else. Titania, who was sitting next to Reiji, turned to
Felmenia who was still standing behind Suimei.
“I was concerned about what happened to you after you departed Kurant
City, but it seems your duty concerned Suimei. Is that so, White Flame-
dono?”
“Yes. On His Majesty’s orders, I have entrusted my humble abilities to
Suimei-dono.”
“As expected, White Flame-dono has a strong sense of responsibility, I
see.”
“What? Ah, no, it’s nothing so...”
“Again with the humility. In order to take responsibility for summoning
Suimei, did my father not request that the White Flame herself support him?
If that was not the case, you would not have traveled through danger all the
way to the Empire, now would you?”
As Titania came to her conclusion, Reiji nodded in agreement. He
looked proud of his teacher and her dedication, but surely he was reading
too much into it and overreacting.
“At the time, I was certain that you were on your way to meet the man
who destroyed that army of demons, but... It seems my prediction was
inaccurate.”
That wasn’t true. But there was no way anyone could tell her that.
Catching a glimpse of Titania’s keen intuition, however, Felmenia and
Lefille both looked a little nervous.

“Why are you in the Empire anyway, Suimei?”
“I’m looking for a way to return. So I went on a journey of my own.”
“I see. So that’s why you left the castle. What happened from there?”
“I believe you already know, but I traveled together with Lefi and a trade
corps. Partway here, we ended up in a little bit of trouble with the guys in
the trade corps and split up with them, but we cut through the forest and
came out at Kurant City.”
“Then... the demons?”
“Well, we came across them a little. One thing led to another, and we
ended up living together...”
Just like that, with a shady smile and a strangely self-satisfied air of
confidence, Suimei laid out a plausible story. Reiji and the others listening
seemed like they bought it, too. However, Mizuki didn’t miss her chance to
throw in a quip.
“One thing led to another and you ended up living together with a cute
little girl? What does that even mean, Suimei-kun?”
“Oh, and that’s when Menia showed up and started teaching me magic.”
“Suimei-kun just casually ignored me...”
Pretending not to see Mizuki shooting daggers at him, Suimei glibly
lined up his story. Felmenia and Lefille, who were listening in on the
conversation behind him, both made somewhat disgusted expressions as
they whispered to each other in secret.
“He really can just calmly spout such lies...”
“You could seriously say he’s become just a little evil. And that’s not a
compliment.”
Naturally, they were in awe, and not particularly in a pleasant way.
Without the slightest hint on his face, Suimei was casually feeding his
friends lies like it was all a matter of fact. Of course they were astonished.
Knowing the circumstances, they could only see it as shameless, though his
friends believed him unhesitatingly. They had to wonder if this was its own
kind of magicka. But as their conversation came to an end, Reiji shifted his
attention to Liliana, who was quietly sitting on the sofa on the other side of
the room.
“Now that I think about, who is that kid over there?”
Suimei turned his head around like he was worried.
“That’s... Well, there were special circumstances.”

It was hard to talk about it, but he had tell them. It was quite the
dilemma. As all eyes fell on her, Liliana stood up and humbly lowered her
head.
“My name is Liliana Zandyke.”
“Liliana-chan, hmm? Wait, isn’t Liliana Zandyke...”
It seemed that Reiji had heard her name before. He looked up the ceiling
and began to poke around his memories to try and recall where. Even in the
noisy conversational melting pot of the city streets, talk of the manhunt still
seemed to be fluttering around. Perhaps as one would expect, Titania also
knew the famous name.
“One of the Empire’s Elite Twelve. Right now, she should be on the
city’s wanted list.”
“That’s it! Now that I think of it, didn’t we hear that she was the culprit
behind some kind of incident?!”
“...Didn’t I just say that there were special circumstances?”
Suimei let out a sigh as he exaggeratedly shrugged his shoulders, and
then began to give Reiji and the others a summary of what had happened.
★
“I see...”
“That’s pretty complicated, huh?”
Hearing Suimei’s rundown of the incidents and Liliana’s circumstances,
Reiji and Mizuki looked at her full of pity at first, but ultimately ended up
sighing by the end of the story. Suimei looked at Lefille cuddling up to
Liliana and gently stroking her hair as he quietly nodded his head. Perhaps
because of her parting with Rogue, Lefille had been trying to cheer Liliana
up ever since she came to the house. Suimei didn’t want to do or say
anything that would weigh too heavily on her heart, but he’d had to explain.
And as his story came to an end, Reiji looked at him with a very serious
expression.
“So what do you plan to do with Liliana-chan?”
“Hmm? Oh, I’ll be sheltering her here.”
“But that won’t resolve anything, will it?”
“That’s right. That’s why our other goal is to find the real culprit and
apprehend them. After that, we can just explain the situation and hand them

over.”
“That may be so, but won’t the people of the Empire demand you hand
over Liliana-chan too?”
“Odds are eight or nine out of ten, yeah.”
Suimei agreed with Reiji’s assessment. Even if she’d been controlled, it
did not change the fact that she had performed the act. It wasn’t difficult to
imagine that the people demanding Liliana be handed over was in their
future. But as long as he was taking care of her, there was no way Suimei
would do so quietly.
“Well, if it comes to that, should we all just flee to a different country?”
In this world, if they made it past the border, it was likely no one from
the Empire would be able to pursue them. It made fleeing to a different
country a viable option. As he suggested it, Suimei smiled at both Lefille
and Felmenia. Felmenia quietly nodded. And after a brief pause of surprise,
Lefille flashed a daring smile.
“You really are an impulsive person.”
Liliana then stood up, her face paling.
“B-But, that’s...”
She bore an anxious expression, one that indicated she had no wish to
cause trouble for others. But before she could finish raising an objection,
Suimei let out a cheerful laugh.
“I don’t mind at all, you know. But if everyone is against it, I’ll think of
another hand to play.”
“I am here for the sake of supporting Suimei-dono. I will abide by
whatever intentions Suimei-dono has.”
“Same for me. Life in the Empire is good, but I will accompany Suimei-
kun wherever he goes.”
“See? Not a problem.”
Even as Suimei smiled at Liliana, telling her that she needn’t worry, it
did nothing to abate her melancholy. However, it was already decided. She
had no choice but to resign herself. As they came to that conclusion, Suimei
turned his head.
“So that’s how it is.”
“Duly noted.”
Reiji closed his eyes and nodded. Mizuki smiled wryly like she was
watching over a troublesome best friend.

“You’re just as softhearted as Reiji-kun, aren’t you, Suimei-kun?”
“What? Don’t put me in the same category as this guy, Mizuki. I’m not
really softhearted or anything...”
“Oh yeah? Despite saying you shunned the idea of danger and refusing
to come along with us, who’s the young imbecile that’s sticking his neck
out for all this mess, huh?”
“G-Gee, I wonder...”
Even though he played dumb, everyone’s eyes were focused on him.
“Okay, fine! Yeah, it’s me! Sorry ’bout that!”
The fact that he was caught between bashfulness and anger was courtesy
of the attack coming at him from all sides. Suimei raised his voice in a
modest attempt to hide his embarrassment. It was meager resistance, but it
was all he could offer against Mizuki’s pinpoint counterattack. For Suimei,
this was the first time he’d ever found himself in a situation like lying on a
bed of nails. Clearing his throat in an attempt to clear the air, he changed the
topic.
“Aaanyways, what are you guys doing in the imperial capital? If I
remember correctly, you said you were headed to the self-governed state,
right?”
“...Regarding that, we have some special circumstances of our own.”
Reiji smiled bitterly. As if being weighed down by his anguish, the
atmosphere around him was heavy. Titania continued in his stead.
“Suimei, do you know about Duke Hadorious?”
“Yeah, I heard about him from Menia.”
“About how he’s the man who ensnared us, you mean?” Lefille asked in
a sharp tone.
As expected, the flames of rage were still burning brightly deep within
that small body of hers. Her indignant voice made no concessions on the
subject. As Titania bowed down to apologize, Suimei stopped her with his
hand and shook his head. Everyone was likely thinking the same thing—it
wasn’t her fault.
“We were told by His Grace to come to the imperial capital and check
up on Her Imperial Highness Graziella’s movement.”
Hearing that name from Reiji’s mouth, one of Suimei’s eyebrows shot
up.
“You mean Graziella, as in... her?”

“Suimei-kun, you know her?”
Suimei answered Mizuki’s question with something of a bitter
expression.
“Weeeeell, a little... Anyways, setting that aside, why do you have to
listen to what this duke guy tells you to do? As a hero, can’t you just veto
it?”
At Castle Camellia, even King Almadious treated Reiji with respect.
And when Graziella had been rude to Elliot, Graziella’s attendant had
looked mortified. It seemed the prestige and authority of the hero was far
beyond that of any single noble.
“He took a family member hostage and threatened us.”
“Family member?”
Suimei was wondering just who that referred to. It was impossible that
they’d gotten their hands on Reiji’s family. They were in another world,
after all. As Suimei was making a puzzled frown, one of the knights who
had been sitting behind Reiji and the others, Gregory, stood up from his seat
and bowed down his head apologetically. Grasping the situation from that,
Suimei leaned slackly back into his chair and spoke up in astonishment.
“What’s with that? That guy really is an unbelievable asshole, isn’t he?
Good grief... Looks like I’ll have to go and slug him sooner rather than
later, huh?”