The military policeman once more politely asked Suimei to comply.
Lefille, who was standing behind Suimei, tugged at the cuff of his sleeve.
As he leaned down towards her, she gave voice to the anxiety she was
feeling deep down inside.
“Suimei-kun, I have a bad feeling about this...”
“Yeah, me too. But I think I don’t really have a choice other than going
along here.”
“Is that okay?”
“I want to get a better handle on what’s going on anyway.”
Suimei wanted to determine more than just Liliana’s location. Currently
he had Felmenia gathering information for him, however he was still in the
dark on how the government’s investigation was going. He was just
planning how to make his move, so the timing of all this was actually quite
opportune. But even after telling Lefille that, the sour frown on her face
said she wasn’t entirely convinced. The one who tried to change her mind
was Felmenia. Trying to put on a brave, trustworthy front, she boldly
stepped forward.
“Lefille, I will go along with them. That way there is no need to worry.”
“Okay... I’ll leave Suimei-kun to you.”
Lefille squeezed out a few dejected words of assent. It seemed worry for
Suimei wasn’t the only thing on her mind. Lefille was impatient with the
current situation. After shrinking, she had to resign herself from taking part
in any conflict. She was unable to properly do things that she once did with
ease, including defend herself. Suimei glanced over his shoulder at her and
could see the mounting frustration in her tiny face. Still gripped by the
image of her lonely figure, Suimei left the house with Felmenia.
★
Suimei and Felmenia were now walking down the street, escorted by
several military policemen. The officers were positioned both in front of
and behind them. It very much so looked like they were being taken into
custody, but they were neither suspects nor criminals. In truth, they were
being handled very courteously by the police.

According to Felmenia, the soldiers and military police of the Empire
were very strict in terms of discipline. Thanks to that, their behavior on the
whole was quite exemplary. Suimei recalled hearing something similar
when he arrived in the country with Lefille. Since the Empire’s army was so
strictly disciplined, it was well known even among the other nations for its
caliber. It sounded somewhat analogous to the German army’s strict
discipline. It was entirely possible that, much like Germany had once in the
past, the Empire was progressing down the path of modernization as a
militaristic nation.
The design of the streets and residential areas in the imperial capital of
Filas Philia differed from those of the royal capital of Astel in that it was
more modern. From what Suimei had heard, this was something else that
stood out in the Empire over the other nations. If things continued here like
they had in Suimei’s world and Nelferia developed enough that it could
recreate the first and second Industrial Revolutions, it was entirely possible
that they would repeat the same failures of Suimei’s world as well. Nature
and mystery were still in harmony here, but there was no way of knowing if
that would remain true forever.
“Suimei-dono, it’s been quite a while since you got some fresh air,
hasn’t it?”
“Hmm? Yeah, you’re right.”
Just as she said, it had been several days since Suimei had stepped
outside. Due to the damage to his astral body, he’d been bedridden all this
time. He didn’t even have the leisure of taking a relaxing stroll. And
perhaps because he hasn’t been outside in a while, the scenery of the city
looked a bit restless to him.
The citizens of the imperial capital appeared to be agitated. Suimei stole
glances at the people they passed by, and it was like they were all on high
alert for some unseen danger. Even the children who were running around
outside seemed fearful and didn’t appear to be enjoying themselves. As
Suimei was about to put this impression into words, Felmenia guessed his
thoughts.
“While you were convalescing, Liliana Zandyke was put on the wanted
list. The imperial capital has been in this kind of state ever since.”
“I expected this to an extent, but it’s become quite a stink, huh?”
“It is because the identity behind the culprit has been made known. The

people must feel like the danger is at hand.”
“But we’re talking about a local soldier. This level of fear is a little...”
“Liliana Zandyke was always someone with a reputation for using
strange, powerful magic. She holds a title as part of the Elite Twelve and
was appointed a special position within the military; she has always been
recognized as a symbol of fear within the country. Thinking of it that way,
this attitude in regards to her seems quite natural.”
“To the regular citizens, that’s all this looks like, huh?”
Felmenia gave a nod, but Suimei could only let out a sigh at the
situation.
“Even though she’s just a child... No, because she’s a child.”
Normally, acquiring strength took a number of years of dedication.
However, defying all expectation, Liliana was a genius mage even at her
young age. The fact that she held the strength despite being merely a child
was something that frightened a great many people. On top of that, there
was the strange way she spoke and carried herself, which only intensified
that impression.
Liliana had plenty of enemies to begin with, but in light of recent
developments, it seemed the entire city had turned against her. She wouldn’t
be able to show her face anywhere. There was no telling what would
happen to her if she did in a world like this.
There was the possibility that the tall shadow was harboring her, but she
wouldn’t necessarily be any better off that way. What the shadow had said
to Liliana that night sounded very much like words of temptation. Thinking
about the way they were using her, Suimei didn’t have a hard time
imagining that they wouldn’t hesitate to cut her off and cast her aside.
While Suimei was staring off into space thinking of such things,
Felmenia suddenly began speaking to him while casting magicka. There
was no change in what Suimei heard of her voice, but it was absolutely
silent to everyone else. She was speaking to him in a magickal whisper.
“You’re quite concerned about that girl, aren’t you, Suimei-dono? I have
heard you only spoke to Liliana Zandyke on a few occasions, so why would
you go so far for her?”
“Is that weird?”
“What? No, that’s not really what I meant, but...”
“It’s fine. Even I know it’s a little strange.” Suimei flashed an awkward

smile and began staring off into the distance. “How do I put it? There are
times in this world where the only solution is to quietly give up, right? I
hate that. Happiness lies ahead for those who refuse to give up, so being
forced to do it is a terrible thing, you know?”
“Suimei-dono...”
That was truly how he felt. Suimei simply couldn’t bring himself to
accept that resignation was the right answer. He couldn’t abide the idea that
people were left to drown in a sea of tears with no hope of salvation. That
was how sorrow multiplied. And that girl was drowning even now. Suimei
recalled what she’d said that night.
“Nobody needs me for anything but fighting.”
Those words that came directly from Liliana’s mouth were nothing more
than a lamentation, a sign of grief over her own misfortune. She was
perpetually ostracized. And those were words of someone who was dearly
clinging to their place in the world to establish their own existence. That
was why Suimei was unable to look the other way. He couldn’t leave things
like this. And while Suimei was pondering her whereabouts, Felmenia
asked him a question.
“The reason you want to return to your world, if I’m correct, is because
even there, you have something to fight for?”
“Well... Yeah.”
While giving his short and vague reply, Suimei looked at his
surroundings. He then realized something.
“Now that I think about it, did they not impose martial law?”
The atmosphere in the city was different, but there were still people
walking around. It was clear no limitations had been placed on the citizens
or their movements. In a dense, walled city like this, the likelihood of
bumping into criminals was fairly high. Normally, until the criminal was
caught, there would be restrictions placed on the citizenry to prevent any
unnecessary moving around outside. But contrary to what Suimei expected,
the streets seemed to be as busy as they ever were. The tradespeople and
dwarves were all still going about their business as usual.
“With regards to that, the hero from the Church of Salvation... Elliot-
dono’s parade is coming up. The scheduled date is approaching quickly, so
it seems enforcing any such restrictions would pose quite the problem.”
“I see...”

If they invoked martial law it would certainly affect the upcoming
parade. Martial law could be a demoralizing thing for the public, which
would inevitably undercut the celebration for the hero and any attempts the
government was making to inspire the people. There were masses of
foreigners pouring into the capital to see the parade too, so it would be quite
a blow to the imperial capital’s tourism revenue if they imposed something
like a curfew. So with little other recourse, the government was forced to
allow people’s lives to continue as they normally did. Now having a grasp
of the situation at hand, Suimei turned to the military policemen.
“Excuse me, but isn’t it about time that you inform us of our
destination?”
“We are accompanying the two of you to the south plaza of Filas Philia.”
“The south plaza?”
Suimei knit his brows together upon hearing that answer. He was sure
they were taking him to a station for questioning, so hearing they were
headed to a plaza was a bit puzzling. Thinking about it, the military police,
being taken away, a plaza... Adding altogether, the image of a guillotine
popped into Suimei’s mind, however unlikely that was under the current
circumstances.
“Why a plaza?”
“Her Imperial Highness Graziella is waiting for us there.”
Suimei raised an eyebrow at receiving a second unexpected answer. This
little mystery was only growing more mystifying. There was no way for
him to intuit what was going on. If she was waiting for them, it had to mean
that she was the one to summon them. But Suimei had no memory of
getting involved with the nobility of this country. Why would a princess be
waiting for him? As Suimei was mulling over his suspicions, Felmenia
leaned in.
“Her Imperial Highness Graziella is the Nelferian emperor’s third heir. It
is said that she once split the ground beneath her enemies on the battlefield
and swallowed them. She is a master of the earth attribute of such renown
that she was given the title of Geo Malifex. She is called the strongest mage
in the Empire.”
“Huh... But still, why is that strongest mage in the Empire summoning
me?”
Suimei couldn’t connect the dots between this strange series of

incidents. He knew it couldn’t all be completely unrelated, but he still didn’t
really have a clue as to why he was being summoned. He articulated this,
but even the military police wouldn’t answer him. Was it that they didn’t
know either, or that they couldn’t say? Suimei wasn’t sure, but they
appeared to be troubled as well.
“Her Imperial Highness has something she would like to speak with you
about.”
“What’s that?”
“I’m afraid I couldn’t tell you...”
It seemed more and more likely that they didn’t know. There probably
wasn’t a need to tell mere escorts anything. Suimei gave up on trying to get
anything out of them and used magicka to whisper to Felmenia.
“Menia, what kind of woman is that imperial princess?”
“Just as I said before, she is the strongest mage in the Empire. She has
an intense personality, and is the type to calmly do impossible things.”
“...Now that I think about it, you said she was there when Reiji defeated
Rajas, right?”
“Yes, I was also present at the time and we had exchanged a few words.
She seems to be the determined type. Please bear in mind that she is not