shrine maiden too!”
As Lefille thrust the tip of her sword into the ground, the panicking
soldiers all cowered in fear at the sound alone. A few of them fell to their
butts. Looking down at them, Lefille once more began speaking.
“If you do not wish to become rust upon my sword at the hands of
spirits, make way!”
As Lefille’s thunderous voice rang through the air once more, the
soldiers opened a path for her like they had no choice in the matter. It was
as though they were scrambling for their lives. A few of them even fell to
their knees and began praying to the Goddess. Those who didn’t get out of
the way in time were sent flying ruthlessly by another sudden gust created
by Lefille. She cast a cold stare at the remaining men. When she turned to
the left, all the soldiers on that side cringed in fear. When she turned to the
right, all the soldiers on that side began to tremble.
“Oh Goddess... Oh Goddess...”
“S-Spare us! Please, please have mercy...”
“We were ordered to... We had no choice...”
The soldiers were already defeated. The only ones still conscious were
praying or begging Lefille for mercy. Witnessing the state her troops had
fallen into, Graziella spoke up.
“Ridiculous... To think even the Shrine Maiden of Noshias was his ally...
Did I misread him?”
“Of course. There’s no way that Suimei-kun would make that kind of
mistake in his plan.”
Graziella ground her teeth at this completely unexpected outcome.
Before her, Lefille proudly boasted like she was talking about her own
family. Her behavior towards Graziella was quite disrespectful, but she was
in a position that permitted it.
“It has been a long time, Princess Graziella. It has been two years since

we last saw each other, but it seems you haven’t changed at all.”
“To just shamelessly greet me like nothing happened after all that...
Surely you did not come to renew the old friendship between Noshias and
Nelferia.”
“If you understand that, then there’s no reason to put on airs. The reason
I am here today... is to strike you down with my own hand.”
“What...?!”
“Oh Red Gale of mine...”
With her spiritual request, Lefille’s right arm was clad in a red wind.
And then, with a voice filled with anger...
“This is for putting Suimei-kun through so much trouble when he was
already injured. Resign yourself and accept it!”
Lefille’s fist flew forward like a heavenly wind and struck Graziella
right in the abdomen.
“Gwah!”
Graziella was sent flying splendidly like a thrown rubber ball. Even after
she hit the ground and tried to get up, she was shaky and unable to move
like she wanted to. Tossing only a single glance her way, Lefille then turned
to Reiji and the others. After looking at each one of their faces, she revealed
a slight smile.
“It seems you’re all safe.”
Lefille was one of their acquaintances, but naturally Reiji and the others
had no idea who she was. On behalf of everyone’s bewilderment, Reiji
replied to her.
“I’m sorry. You speak like we’ve met somewhere before, but you are...?”
“...How upsetting. Have we not been living together the past few days?”
Based on those words, her appearance, and her tone, Reiji finally figured
it out. With an astonished expression plastered on his face, he articulated his
guess.
“C-Could you be Lefille-chan?!”
“I’m a little self-conscious of having ‘-chan’ applied to my name when I
look like this, Reiji-kun.”
Following up for Reiji, Mizuki raised a surprised voice.
“B-B-But Lefille-chan was an adorable little girl!”
“Up until recently, yes. But no more. I only looked like that as the result
of some complicated circumstances; this is my original form.”

“Complicated circumstances? Just what on earth could happen to make a
person tiny...?”
“I could explain, but it would take a while. To say it like Suimei-kun, it’s
because it’s fantasy.”
Hearing that, Titania also let out an astonished sigh.
“Suimei is one thing, but surprising things just keep happening one after
the other...”
Of course, Felmenia was also surprised about Lefille.
“A-Are you really Lefille...?”
“Didn’t I tell you about this before, Lady Felmenia? About how that
small figure was not my true form? Suimei-kun said so as well, right?”
“Th-Th-There is no way I would believe that sort of thing! People do not
just suddenly become smaller! I thought you and Suimei-dono were just
having a joke of it together!”
“So you thought Suimei-kun and I were lying? How cruel,” said Lefille,
her shoulders drooping.
“But... why are you suddenly back in your original form, then?” Reiji
asked.
“A few days ago, I prepared a magic circle to make it happen. It was
completed, and I only just fully returned a moment ago.”
“I see...”
As they talked, Graziella finally got a hold of herself again.
“What are all of you doing?! Can you bastards even call yourselves
soldiers of the Empire like this?! Take up your swords!”
Her hostility still burning strong, she barked commands at the soldiers
who were still trembling in fear. As she did, Titania turned towards her with
a composed expression.
“You do not know when to give up, Your Imperial Highness. Is it not
unbecoming of you to get lost in anger and fight on past the point of
reason?”
“Silence. Even if the Shrine Maiden and a hero are here, if I use the
power of the Empire...”
Graziella cast aside her dignity and refused to accept defeat. Hearing
this, Lefille looked up at the heavens and spoke to Graziella while stifling
her laughter.
“Hmph. Can you still say such a thing after seeing that?”

“What do you mean by that...?”
Hearing what she said, everyone present looked upward. In the night sky
of the Empire, an enormous magicka circle drawn with the ultramarine light
of mana drowned out the light from the stars. Trembling, Mizuki cried out
when she saw it.
“Th-Th-Th-Th-That! What is that?! There’s a giant magic circle floating
in the sky!”
“It’s huge... Why is such a large magic circle... Not only that, but in the
sky...?”
Reiji’s eyes were wide open in shock as he spoke in partial sentences,
completely dumbfounded. But Graziella said nothing. In the midst of all
this, Christa moved over to Elliot and attempted to wake him up.
“Ugh... It seems that while I was unconscious, something outrageous has
happened,” he muttered once he came back to his senses.
“Elliot-dono is here too, huh?” said Lefille.
“My goodness, it seems an extremely familiar little girl has grown up
quite a bit.”
“Save the talk for later. It’s coming.”
Just as she finished her sentence, a wave of mana surged forth from the
center of the magic circle. Like fireflies dancing in the air, golden particles
began rising from the ground and were sucked up by the magic circle
floating in the starry sky.
It was a fantastical sight, but it wasn’t over yet. Many small magic
circles began to appear within the larger one. But they were only small in
comparison; there was no telling how large they really were from this
distance. And after a few moments, there was a pulse in the air. The
imperial capital was then engulfed in light falling from the heavens.
Felmenia was the only one who knew just what this spectacle was. It was
the same magicka Suimei used during their battle back at Royal Castle
Camellia—Starfall.
Eventually, the light receded. It appeared no one had been harmed. Reiji
turned to Lefille, who had acted like she was expecting this strange turn of
events.
“Lefille... Lefille-san, what was that?”
“That? That was something Lady Felmenia prepared.”
“What?! Is that true, Sensei?!”

“Huh? Oh... well, yes. It was a spell prepared in advance... um...
It’snotwhatitlookslike.”
Felmenia managed to keep up the act as Reiji questioned her. Then in a
somewhat forced manner, she cleared her throat and turned to Graziella.
“Your Imperial Highness, you just witnessed the power of that magic,
did you not? After seeing such incredible power for yourself, do you intend
to keep on fighting? Your Highness’s soldiers are all but devastated now.”
Felmenia indicated the assortment of men on the ground. They had no
will left to fight, especially not against Lefille. They must have thought the
light from the falling stars was the wrath of the Goddess. They were
currently all on their knees in prayer. But they didn’t know any better. There
was no way they’d ever imagine that kind of power could be drawn out by
any single person.
“Shit... Even so...”
Graziella still did not give up. Cursing, it appeared she still intended to
resist. However, the decisive blow that finally made her relent came from a
completely unexpected source. From beyond the prostrate soldiers, several
more men arrived on horseback. They came to a stop as they approached,
forming ranks in an orderly fashion. From among them emerged...
“Lyla, that is enough.”
“E-Elder brother...”
Graziella was dumbstruck. The man who rode out from the group on a
horse of his own was the Nelferian Empire’s first prince, Reanat Filas
Rieseld. He had the same long, blond hair Graziella did, wore glasses, and
was dressed luxuriously. But before saying anything else to his sister, he
first turned towards Reiji and the others.
“I apologize for addressing you from horseback. Elliot-dono, Shrine
Maiden of Noshias, Princess Titania... And you must be the hero summoned
by Astel, Reiji-dono, right?”
“Yes.”
Reiji gave a brief reply. He did not know just who Reanat was, and was
staying on his guard. Titania leaned to whisper in Reiji’s ear and fill him in.
Meanwhile, Graziella shouted at Reanat.
“Elder brother! What do you mean, ‘that’s enough?!’”
“Exactly as it sounds. Restrain yourself.”
“But...!”

“Lyla, you have caused too much of a scene. Besides, it would become
quite serious if word of a hero fighting another hero reached the ears of the
Holy State, would it not?”
“That’s... certainly true, but.”
It seemed that even Graziella was unable to put up much resistance
against the crown prince of the Empire. She clenched her fists, visibly
vexed.
“It has been a long time, Your Imperial Highness Reanat.”
“Yes, it has been a while, Princess Titania. As ever, you are quite awe-
inspiring. You are a flower who blooms on the battlefield indeed.”
“Saying ‘on the battlefield’ does not count as flattery, Your Imperial
Highness. Setting that aside, what you had said before...”
“Yes, we shall be withdrawing. However, about the criminal...”
But before Reanat could finish what he was saying...
“Oh my, it seems something amazing is happening here.”
Suimei appeared from an alley that led to the street with Liliana at his
side and dragging the ruined body that was once Romeon. Seeing them,
Reiji and Mizuki let out cries of joy.
“Suimei!”
“Suimei-kun! Liliana-chan!”
“Hmm... It seems things have concluded on your end, right?”
When Titania asked for confirmation, Suimei replied like he’d just been