words were like a revelation. I understood that I would be breaking the law,
but I did not hesitate at all and accepted... The rest is just as everyone
knows. During the night, I used dark magic to put the nobles who were
obstructing the colonel to sleep.”
“So those are the details behind the incidents, huh?” Suimei said with a
nod.
“Even though I wanted to be helpful to the colonel, now that I think
about it, I think it was extremely shallow.”
As Liliana made everything clear, after all this time, she became
despondent upon facing the gravity of what she had done. This case was not
just a violation of the laws of the Empire. No matter how underhanded her
opponents were, she had acted improperly. Suimei was sitting still silently
with his arms folded. On the other hand, Felmenia received a handkerchief
from Lefille and was wiping away her tears.
“...Well, it could also be said that it couldn’t be helped,” Suimei finally
said.
“What?”

“The things that you’ve done until now and the fact that they were
things that you shouldn’t have been doing... You properly understand—no,
you believe that, don’t you?”
As Suimei fired off this obscure question, thinking back on her
explanation, Liliana agreed. He then began tapping his index finger against
his forehead.
“Liliana, when you were causing the incidents, and when you weren’t,
you had doubts about your own actions, correct?”
“Not that much, but... the first time, somewhat.”
“At the time, and it would only be sometimes, but that tall shadow...
Didn’t you hear that guy’s voice offering you a suggestion?”
“Their voice? Now that I think about it...”
“As I thought, you seem to have some kind of clue about it, huh?”
Liliana took Suimei’s words to heart and tried remembering. Certainly,
when she first caused the incidents and also when she was running away,
she could recall that person’s words in her head. However, that should have
been Liliana herself rebuking her halfhearted self in her mind. It wasn’t
something she really heard. As she looked up at Suimei upon reaching that
conclusion, Suimei guessed what she was thinking and shook his head.
“It’s magic. At some point, without you realizing it, that shadow
hypnotized you.”
“...Magic?”
“That’s right.”
“N-No, that’s...!”
“Not in your memories, huh? That just goes to show how skilled that
guy is with magic. In reality, you heard that voice and were strongly driven
to continue the attacks, right?”
Liliana was unable to say anything back. After having the truth pointed
out to her, inside her head, she gradually began to understand. To think
she’d been used in such a way without even being aware of it was
completely unthinkable to her. Realizing she was at a loss for words,
Suimei spoke up again.
“That’s why you don’t need to worry about it. Sure, you did some things
you shouldn’t have, but that responsibility doesn’t fall squarely on you. You
were being taken advantage of.”
“I understand that, but that magic...”

“I dispelled it while you were asleep. It’s not a problem anymore.”
Telling her it was alright, Suimei shrugged his shoulders. As Liliana
bowed her head down in gratitude, he once more continued speaking.
“Did you not return to Colonel Rogue’s place?”
“No. I did not know at all... where I should have gone... Besides, the
colonel... abandoned me.”
“Abandoned you?”
“I met him while fleeing... and he said... that I could not avoid taking
responsibility...”
Liliana could not put the rest of it into words. A gloomy atmosphere
began to spread through the room. Having hostility pointed at her by Rogue
was painful. Suimei and the others seemed to grasp what she really meant,
and all their expressions darkened.
“Did you tell him about it?”
“No. Regardless of the reason... I acted in violation of the law. I
judged... that the colonel would not spare me any time... to hear me out.”
After that, Felmenia finally spoke up.
“Even though it is adoptive, is he not your father?”
“The colonel... is a very upright person. I don’t believe he would forgive
me... for staining my hands with evil deeds.”
He was just that kind of man. He would not forgive anything sinful.
That’s why Liliana became a target that he would destroy. That’s all there
was to it. It was just, at that time, Rogue’s hand as he thrust his sword
forward had faltered...
“I do not resent him... The colonel has always... protected me all this
time, after all.”
It was her own fault for lending her ear to the schemes of the tall
shadow. There was no way she could hate Rogue. A hush fell over the room
for a while there, and Suimei was the one to break the silence.
“I have one more thing that I’d like to ask about the tall shadow. Do you
know their name or any of their defining characteristics?”
“No, I don’t have any specific clues... None at all. They always wore
that black robe... with the hood up. On top of that, using some kind of
magic... their identity became hard to grasp. I have practically no
information regarding that person.”
Hearing this, Suimei closed his eyes. He must have been carefully

scrutinizing her words. It was not clear to Liliana just what kind of thoughts
were swirling around in that mind of his. Watching this, fear once more
gripped her heart.
“Um, from now on, what...”
What should I do?
As expected, she thought that she would be forced to leave. And as she
began to ask about her fate, Suimei answered her with a calm expression.
“Hmm? It’s fine. Just stay here.”
“Is that... fine? I committed a sin, you know?”
“I said before it isn’t really your fault, didn’t I? If you ask me, those
dumbass nobles got what they deserved. There’s also the fact that black
robe hypnotized you. Right now, being fully conscious of your own sins is
more than enough punishment.”
As he recklessly stated this with a single eye closed, Suimei crossed his
legs.
“Well, there is a condition for you staying here though.”
“What... should I do?”
“I called it a condition, but it’s about your dark magic. I want you to stop
using it... Or rather than that, I’d like you to learn the proper way of using
it.”
Liliana’s expression stiffened at hearing Suimei’s completely
unexpected condition.
“...Why?”
“Did you think I was going to throw out a more amazing condition?”
“No. And just... what do you mean by amazing...?”
Suimei looked exasperated as Liliana looked down. She then threw one
more of her unresolved doubts before him.
“‘The proper way to use it’... You said the same thing before... but just
what is dark magic? You were talking like you understood it.”
“I am also interested in that,” said Felmenia.
She too wanted to learn about it. She leaned forward and looked at
Suimei with a sparkle in her eyes.
“So Suimei-kun is going to start talking about difficult to understand
things again, huh...?”
On the other hand, magic seemed to be one of Lefille’s weak points, and
she looked slightly distressed at the prospect of this conversation.

★
Suimei had said that he would be explaining dark magic, but he
suddenly remembered that he had something he must ask Liliana.
“Sorry, there’s something I forgot to ask. Can I go ahead and get that out
of the way?”
“What is it?”
“When you use magic, those words you sometimes append to the end of
the chant... Did you learn them from the tall shadow?”
When Suimei asked that, Felmenia clapped her hands together as she
remembered.
“The savage names, right?”
“Do you know of them?”
“We learned a bit about them from an acquaintance.”
When Felmenia cleared that up, Liliana proceeded to explain.
“Yes. I heard that it was magic to amplify the power of darkness and was
told to proactively use it when I use magic from now on... I wasn’t fully
convinced at first... but when I did as they told and added it to the end of the
chant, the dark magic became stronger.”
“And so you used it. Hmm...”
While Suimei was deep in contemplation, he started speaking in a
murmur.
“Nomina, barbara...”
“Is something... the matter?”
“Right now, what did you hear?”
Liliana cocked her head to the side at the strange question. Surely she
was puzzled as to what meaning that question had at all. Urging her to
answer with his gaze, Liliana answered with a puzzled expression still
plastered on her face.
“I heard... savage names?”
“...That’s what it sounded like to you?”
“That’s right.”
“You too, Menia?”
“Yes, you said savage names.”
“I see.”
Hearing their answers, Suimei closed his eyes like he came to an

understanding.
“What was the meaning... of that question?”
“Don’t worry about it. It isn’t something all that important... Well then,
shall we move on to the explanation of dark magic?”
As he said this, Suimei switched tracks and dove right into explaining.
“Now then, I said before that the origin of the power behind dark magic
was resentment and hatred, remember?”
“Yes. Though at the time... it wasn’t something... I would suddenly
believe.”
“But there’s no mistaking it. I can tell from the loss to my astral body as
well as the alterations to your skin and eye.”
After Suimei explained this like a preface of things to come, he hung his
head for a short while like he was thinking of something. Perhaps he was
putting together his explanation. But before long, he began talking.
“Well, we’ll be going off track a little, but I think we’ll start by talking
about my analysis of this world’s magic. I believe the magic of this world
is, in short, something that can be used because of the concept known as the
Elements, which surrounds the world itself.”
“Surrounds... the world?”
“Yeah, try imagining the shape of this world, be it a sphere, a curved
saddle, or even a flat plane. It doesn’t really matter... A wide concept known
as the Elements exists outside of it and envelops the world. Within it are the
smaller concepts of fire, water, and the other named Elements. The mages
of this world send mana there, and receive an attribute and a part of the
spell from the Elements. It’s that kind of system—they receive a formula...
Well, I don’t think the people who use it are conscious of that though.”
“Certainly, over here it is normal. They teach you that magic is
something that is used by communicating with the Elements. There is no
detailed explanation like that.”
“Seems so, huh?”
Suimei nodded at Felmenia’s interjection. If they had gone into such
details, they should have been able to establish just what dark magic was as
common knowledge.
“The pluses and minuses aren’t something that really need to be
explored in detail at this point, but a portion of the spell becomes unknown,