Chapter 2: The Happy Dream Was
Certainly in This Place
She could hear a voice. A young voice.
“Vanish, vanish...”
The voice was screaming in rejection. It carried despair directed at all
the world and everything in it.
Lured by the echoing sorrow, she opened her eyes and looked forward.
There she saw vague figures, as if obscured by a heat haze.
“Burn. Get beaten.”
A small figure tormenting her with words was among the others. That
small figure had recognizable features. That young face was always cold.
To hide the fear they held deep in their heart, they put on a brave front. But
that same face was now shedding tears. Their eyes stricken by grief and
anguish were overflowing.
Was she being assaulted? Was she doing the assaulting...? No, she was
the one being assaulted. Abused like an insect. Scorned and stepped on, just
like that, until she was reduced to a miserable figure herself. If this girl was
meant to be granted revenge, to what end would it be? Would it not be the
impossible, to redeem fiends who spread atrocities? However, both the
screaming voice and the inquisitive voice, held back like a dam, would not
come out of her own mouth.
Like that, while just watching the shadows, the small figure’s wailing
ended. Before long, the girl began to tremble, and then the figure became
completely black. Along with black bubbles rising to the surface, it
expanded. Was the one who couldn’t be accepted... finally accepted? As it
swelled in size until its original form was but a mere shadow of its current
self, it began to swallow everything in its surroundings. The mana scattered
in the area, the figure that was tormenting the girl, even the buildings—they
all became a black mass and endlessly swelled up. It was headed to destroy
the people of the city.

What she heard then was the voice of sorrow.
“Why? Why?” she asked repeatedly with anger as she despaired at the
reply that never came. “Wait, why is it just me? Why did I end up with this
appearance?”
She questioned the heavens where the highest existence should have
been. She only desired an answer, in spite of no longer being able to return
to her original form. She only desired to fill the void deep within her chest.
A crying voice remained in her ears. That voice from her heart, which so
longed to be saved, turned inside-out and became a voice of resentment.
Why would no one save her? Why did the despair brought on by the
isolation of not having a single person to depend on have to exist in this
world?
Even if it was just, the crying voice still lingered.
That’s why... it couldn’t be forgiven.
Even if it was just, it was true that there were those who couldn’t be
saved.
That’s why... she had to rebel against it.
Even if it was just, this wind that blew in her heart would never stop.
That’s why... she could hear that voice.
“Wake up,” it said.
“Wake up and go and achieve what you must.”
The voice of temptation whispered closely into her ear.
This was a curse. A curse born from causing pain to her father and
mother that would surely never be released until the day she died.
★
After successfully escaping from the southern plaza, Felmenia, wary of
any pursuers, changed her escape route from the main streets to the
alleyways. Not long after, she was rushing down the alley that was home to
the Yakagi residence. Once there, after pushing aside some chairs, she laid
Suimei down on a table that was set up outside. As she did, Lefille—who
had been worriedly waiting outside for their return—rushed over with a
pale face.
“L-Lady Felmenia! What happened?!”
Lefille looked at both Suimei and Felmenia in a panic. Felmenia went on

to explain what had happened in the southern plaza with a troubled look on
her face. About how Elliot was there too. About how Graziella had ordered
a compulsory draft upon them to search for the culprit. And about how
Suimei had fought with Graziella in a magicka battle to try and avoid it.
After getting the gist of things from Felmenia, Lefille groaned with a grim
complexion.
“Even for Suimei-kun, fighting Princess Graziella with those wounds
was quite severe, huh...”
“I am ashamed after telling you to leave it all to me. I was absolutely
unable to cut in on Suimei-dono and Her Imperial Highness Graziella’s
fight. I could only run away...”
“No, with Princess Graziella as an opponent, you managed to run away
while carrying a single person. That’s a feat only you could accomplish,
Lady Felmenia. But that damn Graziella... She really just did whatever she
wanted.”
Was the change in her tone of voice due to anger? Lefille glared into the
distance as though at the imperial princess, and gripped her fist firmly.
“Lefille?”
“...Hmm? Oh, my, it’s nothing. Setting that aside, Lady Felmenia, how is
Suimei-kun?”
“As far as external wounds go, there does not seem to be anything that
bad. This is likely due to the expansion and dampening of his mana in an
instant. Though...”
“He’s in a considerable amount of pain.”
Suimei, who was lying down on top of the table, had his eyes closed and
was moaning in pain. It was like he was having a nightmare.
“The symptoms do not seem serious, so I believe he will be alright...”
“Then there’s nothing to do but let him rest, huh?”
During this exchange, Lefille suddenly felt a presence towards the
alleyway entrance. It may have been a pursuer. Seizing this ominous
premonition, she let out a menacing loud voice as she asked their identity.
“Who’s there?!”
Perhaps because the presence was startled by her voice, the shadow that
Lefille could just barely see jumped a bit. And then, stepping from the
alleyway...
“This is... I seem to have surprised you.”

The man who appeared apologetically was the elfin employee from the
Imperial University Library, Romeon. Felmenia, who had met him once
before, called out to him when she recognized him.
“If I remember, are you not the librarian? What brings you here?”
“You see, I just so happened to catch a glimpse of you in the streets. You
were carrying Yakagi-kun, Stingray-san, so I thought that perhaps
something had happened with that culprit and came over out of concern.”
“Is that so...?”
Romeon, who walked partway towards Felmenia and the others, then
questioned them on the matter.
“It seems that Yakagi-kun has lost consciousness, but what happened?”
“He fought with Her Imperial Highness Graziella in the southern plaza,
and, um...”
“My goodness, Geo Malifex? Just why would he do such a thing...?”
As Romeon’s surprise showed on his face, Suimei seemed to wake and
raised his head from the table while still lying down.
“Suimei-kun!”
“You’re awake!”
As Felmenia and Lefille raised joyous voices, Suimei, who was still
dazed from passing out, looked around his surroundings to get a grasp of
the current situation.
“Urgh... We’re home?”
“Yes, we are in front of the house now. I came here in a hurry, and not
that much time has passed.”
As Felmenia gave a brief report, Suimei once more showed her his
gratitude.
“Aah, sorry. You carried me here, right? Thank y—eh? Mr. Librarian,
you’re here too...?”
“Yes. I arrived just a moment ago. I saw you two in the streets and
followed you out of concern.”
“I see...”
Suimei replied with a stiff expression. As he did, Romeon turned
towards him.
“Yakagi-kun, your body seems to be in pretty bad shape. Would you
mind if I had a look at you?”
Romeon was offering up his experience as a magical doctor, and he was

looking at Suimei with quite a serious face.
“I’ll be fine. I understand my own body best, after all. I only passed out
because I let out too much of my mana at once.”
“Is that so...?”
Suimei politely turned down Romeon’s offer and got up. He then started
walking towards the exit of the alleyway, and Lefille called out to him in a
panic.
“Suimei-kun, where are you going?!”
“I’m going to search for Liliana. Now that they’re looking for her in
earnest, I need to find her quickly.”
“S-Suimei-dono? I do not think that is something you should be saying
in this situation...”
Looking at the two girls who were trying to convince him not to go on
this unreasonable errand, Romeon spoke up in a dubious tone.
“Could it be... that you mean to go search for the culprit behind the
coma incidents?”
“...Yeah.”
“Yakagi-kun, cease this. What do you intend to do with your body in this
condition? Right now, you are about to do something far too reckless. Until
you’ve properly healed, it would be better to put off your manhunt.”
“...”
Suimei came to a silent stop upon hearing Romeon’s objection. From
behind him, Felmenia and Lefille quickly joined in to try and get through to
him.
“It is just as Romeon-dono says, Suimei-dono. Please restrain yourself
here.”
“That’s it, Suimei-kun. They’re right. You shouldn’t act rashly.”
“...Got it.”
Convinced by the three of them, Suimei gave up and plunked himself
down on a chair, facing away from them. Seeing this, Romeon worriedly
called out to him.
“...Then I will be going, Yakagi-kun. Please do not do anything rash.”
Suimei raised his hand in a wave for his answer while still facing away
from the group. Romeon then bowed to Felmenia and Lefille, and returned
to the main street. After a short while...
“...Is he gone?”

Suimei looked over his shoulder and asked Felmenia about Romeon’s
whereabouts. He did so in an unusually low tone. Seeing his sharp gaze, she
lightly turned her head to look at the street.
“Huh? Yes, Romeon-dono has taken his leave.”
“I see.”
Suimei stood up from the chair upon hearing Felmenia’s reply, though
he didn’t look like he was about to go inside the house. Picking up on the
nuances of his behavior, Felmenia turned a stern expression on him.
“Suimei-dono, you couldn’t...”
“S-Suimei-kun! Didn’t we just tell you not to go?”
“I’m going to rest for a bit. But seriously, if we don’t make our move
now, things might get pretty hairy.”
“Why now? Why are you in that much of a hurry? It isn’t like you.”
“Yeah, I’m in a hurry. If it were just that dangerous woman, it would still
be fine. But there may be more than that going on. Sorry, but I’ll have to
ask the two of you to split up and search for Liliana too. Please.”
There was a certain amount of urgency in his voice... He spoke as
though he was politely trying to make a request of strangers. Hearing him
talk like that, Lefille let out a sigh.
“Hahh...”
“You won’t?”
“That’s not it. But—”
“Suimei-dono, how do I put it...? What you’re saying is odd. Back at the