“I refuse.”
As Suimei flatly refused again, Titania let out an unbecoming sneer.
“In that case, you will be labeled as a coward, you know? Even then,
will you refuse?”
“By who? You? I don’t really care what you have to say about me,
honestly... But that won’t exactly end our little talk though, will it?”
“Of course not.”
Suimei let out a deep groan as he grimaced at Titania’s declaration.
“...So what’s the deal? If it’s a fight, do you want a magic duel?”
“No, I mean this.”
With that, Titania took a sword from the bundle strapped to the horse
and brandished it.
“What? A swordfight? Tia, can you use that kinda thing?”
“To a certain extent. I am knowledgeable on the subject.”
“You heard from Reiji that I can use kenjutsu, right? It should be
obvious, but don’t I have the advantage? Wouldn’t that be unfair?”
“I do not mind. What is your reply?”
Titania was needling him with questions like she was cross-examining
him. Suimei couldn’t grasp her intentions. She lowered her head a bit,
covering her mouth and the bottom half of her face with the collar to her

overcoat. It hid the subtleties of her cold and stiff expression, and made her
impossible to read. If she used a sword, Titania should have been at a
disadvantage as a mage. But his certainty in that disappeared into the ether
when he was no longer able to read her.
Just what should he do? Suimei still didn’t want to take part in any
match, but surely she wouldn’t push him that far. If he used magicka to put
her under the effects of a hypnotic suggestion, it would be quite simple to
get through this situation, but...
“With this, the four of us are all officially good friends.”
Suimei recalled what Titania had said to him before they parted ways at
the castle. She hardly had any close friends, and surely didn’t have many a
chance to say such things. But the words she’d spoken that day undoubtedly
came from the bottom of her heart. It would be hard for him to use magicka
to control someone who considered him a good friend. Titania began to
look like she was running out of patience, and Suimei let out a troubled
sigh.
“...I’d like to refuse, but I feel like you’d just take a swing at me if I
did.”
“If you understand that, then how about a proper answer?”
As she spoke, the tone of her voice dropped considerably.
“I do not wish to fight you either. However, there are things that I must
do, and things I must take responsibility for.”
She hung her head like she was confessing that she had no other option.
She wasn’t exactly enjoying the situation she was putting Suimei in, after
all.
“I don’t really mind. I’m also doing what I have to. So even if you
summoning me was what you thought you had to do, there’s no reason for
you not to keep doing what you think you need to.”
“You are kind in the strangest ways.”
“That ‘strangest’ part was unnecessary.”
“This is what Mizuki calls being... a tsundere, right?”
“Hey, enough with that. Seriously.”
As Titania stared at him briefly in astonishment, Suimei swiftly
exchanged his disgruntled expression for a serious one.
“Let me ask one last thing. After this, you won’t trouble me in the
future, right?”

“Yes. I swear it in the name of the Goddess Alshuna. If I lose, I promise
I will not say or do a single thing in regards to Suimei’s actions henceforth.”
“Got it. So, what about my sword?”
As Suimei held out his hand, Titania tossed him the sword she’d been
holding. It seemed she had another prepared for herself. It was likely meant
to give her an advantage, but Suimei had been learning kenjutsu since he
was a child. Whatever the circumstances may be, he wasn’t about to lose to
her. Titania then took another bundle from the horse and pulled two long
swords from it.
“Oh?”
“This is my weapon of choice.”
As she said that, she drew both swords from their sheaths. They were
made of a different material than the sword Reiji carried—silver. Seeing
such a thing in this place was unexpected, but Suimei guessed it was
probably corroded silver. Seeing that she drew both blades together, he also
assumed she used a twin-wielding sword style. Contrary to common
principles for that style, however, both of her swords were long. Generally,
one of them would be dedicated to defense. So that it would be easier to
handle, a shorter sword was typically used in the wielder’s non-dominant
hand. But both of the princess’s blades were the same length. No, using his
eyes as a magician, he could tell a slight difference between them. The one
on the left appeared ever so slightly longer to him. As Suimei was assessing
her with a puzzled gaze, Titania took her stance...
“Wha—?!”
Titania hid her mouth behind her collar. And just as she crossed her
swords, Suimei’s entire body shuddered.
“As I would expect of someone who’s studied the ways of the blade.
Once I took a stance, you were able to ascertain my capabilities, right?”
Titania saw through the subtleties of Suimei’s agitation. Her words of
praise rang in Suimei’s ears like the voice of the devil. He had taken the
sword she’d given him thinking that there was no way he could lose, but
just how careless had he been? As a ferocious smile overpowered him, he
put on his own smile to conceal his panic.
“Man... I want to curse myself for not knowing until you took a stance.
What’s with this little princess? Aren’t you a mage?”
“Certainly, I also use magic. But the fundamentals of my fighting style

would be this. Ever since I was of a tender age, I have wielded a sword.”
“Seriously...?”
“With this, you understand, correct? Our match is not unfair as you had
suggested before. Indeed, I have the upper hand here in terms of skill with a
blade.”
“...My goodness, you sure reeled me in quite skillfully. You’re really
quite the stubborn, spoiled girl.”
“I will take that as a compliment.”
With that, Titania twirled the two swords in her hands like batons. The
sound of the wind they generated filled the air, and then she swiftly crossed
them in front of her once more. At the same time, she unleashed her intense
fighting spirit. With Titania as its center, a wave of power surged into the
surrounding area like a sudden spring storm. After the illusion of wind
brought on by her fighting spirit, a tense silence fell over the area. Then,
finally, her name rang over the desolate hill.
“One of the Seven Swords: Twilight, Titania Root Astel. Here I come.”
She stood at the ready to confront Suimei, who still had goosebumps
from feeling her fighting spirit. Finally realizing that he was only a step
outside of her range, he put on a bluffing smile.
“Man, you being such an expert is seriously scary...”
Suimei then took his own stance. The pressure she exuded against him
was strong and sharp. It was comparable to Lefille’s when she was fighting
the demons. The girl before him had her swords crossed in her signature
stance. Even when looking at her with his magician’s eyes, he couldn’t spot
anything resembling an opening.
There were two typical styles when it came to twin-wielding swords.
The first was where the user held both blades aloft and pressured their
opponent with the extra threat of two swords ready to strike; the second was
where both swords were held crossed in front of the user, ready for both
offense and defense. Titania’s was the latter. Holding her swords in front of
her still, her body sank towards the ground. It was a low stance, just as low
as it could go. Like a leopard. There was no doubt that she was planning to
lunge from there. In that case, what Suimei should be vigilant about was her
speed and charging power.
However, there was the matter of her two blades. Seeing how neither
was a short sword, they should be hard to handle. Under normal

circumstances, it would be something to tease one about as an amateur
swordsman, but...
No, just like her charging power and speed, this point exceeded Suimei’s
expectations. In his head, he pictured the beginning of the battle with a blue
flash followed by a double cross. He imagined that her speed was far
beyond his initial estimates. While he was pondering this, her swords drew
a curve through the air.
“Wai—?!”
Suimei hurriedly stepped back and stuck out his sword to defend. When
the silver light from her slash vanished, Suimei leaped backward outside of
her range. And then, once more looking at his own sword, he doubted his
own eyes. The blade he’d blocked with in a hurry was only half of what it
had been before. On top of that, the section where it was cut off looked like
a warm spoon scooped out some pudding, leaving behind a completely
smooth cross section.
“H-Hey! Wait a sec! What kinda technique was that?!”
“My sword techniques are unlike that of other swordsmen in that mine is
a wicked sword style. Normally, no one would be able to cut a blade
without a straightforward strike, but my blades can cut anything even if
they curve in the air.”
Her long swords once more let off an audible wind as Titania declared
this, and Suimei’s back shuddered once more. Really, it should have been
physically impossible, but Suimei knew better than anyone that there were
exceptions to everything. It was very likely that this girl who was called a
princess inhabited that territory. Suimei didn’t spend even two seconds
thinking about such things, but even in that small window, Titania had
already closed the distance on him.
“Too fast, damn it!”
Complaining, Suimei leaped to the side. However, because his evasive
action was completely sensible and predictable, Titania’s gaze didn’t stray
from him for even an instant. She immediately took a horizontal swing to
try and catch him. Suimei used his now shortened sword to ward off the
attack, but he was at an obvious disadvantage. No matter how much he
struggled, he was unable to avoid his future situation getting gradually
worse and worse.
Suddenly, Titania brandished her right sword. Sensing a strike from

overhead, Suimei reacted instinctively without thinking about it. The sword
came down on him from above as if to knock him down entirely.
“That move is too naive.”
She let out a declaration like the cold touch of a blade. The move she
mentioned, Suimei’s sudden reaction, was a single cheap strike that
wouldn’t even stop Suimei. As he began grumbling about how he was being
reeled in perfectly, both her swords promptly joined their trajectories
together. He wouldn’t be able to block it. But worse, his knees suddenly
gave in.
“What—?!”
His legs were swept out from under him. It was too late by the time he
noticed. Suimei was unable to maintain his posture and clumsily fell onto
his butt. What caught his eye next was the piercing silver light reflecting off
her blade. He was able to react, but he was in the worst possible position.
That silver light was darting right at his neck.
“You weren’t even able to put up a brave fight. So, with this, it is
decided. Suimei, I will proclaim your loss here.”
As expected, a cold verdict descended upon him. Titania’s fighting spirit
was telling him to just give in and accept her conditions as she pressed her
blade against his neck. However...
“Sorry, but I can’t really allow that.”
“The victor has already been decided, I’m afraid.”
Though Titania once more declared her verdict, Suimei adamantly shook
his head.
“Why? Why are you so obstinate on this matter?”
“I have a promise in that world that I must return to and fulfill no matter
what. Besides, I have things here that I need to accomplish as well.”
Suimei spoke as he looked up at Titania. He had to return; there was no
other option. He now also had Liliana and Lefille on his hands. He couldn’t
readily accept defeat here.
“Is that so...? Then, it is regrettable, but I will have to put you through a