someone that can be dealt with by ordinary means.”
“I see...”
As the southern plaza slowly came into view, Suimei could feel a storm
coming and stroked his chin. Just like Lefille had said earlier, he had a bad
feeling about this.
★
The park at the south end of the imperial capital of Filas Philia was often
called the Nobles’ Plaza. The vast majority of its visitors were high society.
It was situated in one of the upper class districts of the city, and since the
local nobles invested quite heavily in it, it was far more ostentatious and
pompous than the other plazas around. The brick roads and flowerbeds
throughout were well maintained, and unlike the central plaza, there were
no shops in the area. Residential buildings surrounded the park, and there
was one particularly large mansion situated in such a way that it seemed to
use the plaza as its courtyard.

The scale of the building was grand and the entire exterior was built
from palm-colored bricks. The stairs out front fanned out to greet variegated
beds of plants. It was just the kind of residence one would expect someone
in a very high position or perhaps their children to inhabit. Instead,
however, it was currently occupied by military police and soldiers who all
seemed to be bustling as if there were some emergency. Suimei wasn’t sure
about the reason behind all this, but it was likely that the nobles were
unwelcoming of any intrusion on their lifestyle and that there was some
discord between them and the military.
Amidst all this, Suimei and Felmenia arrived at their destination and
were told to wait in the corner of the plaza near a pavilion by the military
police. Assuming that Graziella would be there, they headed in the
designated direction and spotted a familiar figure from a distance. He had a
fairly effeminate silhouette, a supple figure, blond hair, and blue eyes
accentuated by long eyelashes. He was mistakable for a girl at first glance,
but this was the beautiful hero Elliot Austin. He was gracefully seated on
the red bricks surrounding a flower bed while talking to his magical priest
attendant, Christa.
“You’re...”
Suimei unintentionally let out a word of surprise. Hearing this, Elliot
stood up.
“I see. So you were also called here?”
Elliot seemed surprised as well, but only let it show for an instant before
brushing back his blond hair. He then spoke with a slight amount of
cynicism.
“Are your injuries healed already?”
“What, were you worried about me?”
“Do not joke around. There is no way that I was.”
“That’s true.”
While joking around with Elliot, Suimei felt an unpleasant gaze fall on
him. Looking for the source of it with his head cocked to the side, he spied
Christa. It seemed that she had a hard time accepting the frivolous way
Suimei was speaking to Elliot. Between the green braids that fell down on
either side of her head, she was making a severe, high-strung face. On the
other hand, when Elliot spotted Felmenia, he immediately made a pass at
her.

“Fem-san too, I see. It’s been too long.”
“Y-Yes... It’s good to see you again.”
“There is no need to be so humble. I wouldn’t mind if you were more
carefree around me. Nevertheless, that platinum blonde is as beautiful as
ever.”
Elliot flashed a kind, brilliant smile that was drastically different from
how he treated Suimei. It seemed he had mistaken Felmenia’s awkwardness
as nervousness. Obviously Felmenia was mostly feeling self-conscious
about being addressed by the fake name she’d made last time, but there was
no way for Elliot to know that. After calling out to Elliot two or three times
from the side, Christa deliberately cleared out her throat.
“Ahem, Elliot-sama!”
Christa called his name like she was threatening him, to which he
responded by looking at her with a smile.
“What is it, Christa?”
He was either that oblivious, or he was just playing dumb. She then
quite bluntly urged him to restrain himself.
“Are you not getting a little too intimate with them?”
“I’m only trying to get along with Fem-san. She may become our
comrade, after all. Isn’t that alright?”
“That...”
Christa was perplexed at receiving an actual plausible explanation.
Watching Elliot as he looked down at Christa, Suimei could see a hint of a
bully’s expression on his face.
“My, my, Christa, I forgot you were a bit of a jealous woman. Whenever
I get along with other girls, you’re always like this.”
“Wh-Wh-What are you saying, Elliot-sama?! I am not!”
“Really now?”
Elliot was now poking fun at Christa and waiting on her next move. To
anyone watching them, it only looked like two beautiful people were
flirting with each other. And forced to witness this after being dragged out
of his house while he was still recovering, Suimei was a little pissed. While
scowling at Elliot, who was trying to build himself a love triangle...
“You should just explode.”
“What’s that?”
“Shut up. It’s nothing.”

Despite saying that, Suimei continued to mumble the word “explode”
over and over to himself like some sort of curse. The other three had no idea
what he was saying, and could only cock their heads to the side. As Suimei
was making no attempts at hiding his irritation, Felmenia turned to the other
two.
“Why are the two of you here?”
“...Were you not informed?”
“No, we just came along at the request of the military police. We were
told that Her Imperial Highness Graziella would be waiting for us, but were
not told the reason.”
“Is that so? The fact is...”
Felmenia was asking, but after arriving at the plaza, Suimei had an idea
as to why they’d been summoned. If both he and Elliot were here, then
there was an eight or nine out of ten chance that it was something related to
the coma incidents. After all, that was his only connection with this man. If
they had been summoned together, that was most likely the reason. In the
middle of their conversation, Christa seemed to realize something and
leaned over to whisper to Elliot.
“Elliot-sama.”
“I see... So they’re finally here.”
Upon hearing her whisper, Elliot turned around. Following his lead,
Suimei and Felmenia turned in the same direction. They spied a single
woman emerging from the pavilion with a small entourage. She appeared to
be in her twenties, and rather than “graceful,” the term “heroic” would
better describe her majestic looks. Yet she was still quite beautiful. Her deep
burgundy outfit was far more luxurious than anything the other soldiers and
officers were wearing, and on top of it, an embroidered imperial army coat
was draped over her shoulders. Based on that alone, she appeared to be the
most important person in the whole army.
After spotting her, Felmenia cautiously exhaled her name: Princess
Graziella. This was the woman who’d called them here. The fact that she
was dressed in military garb despite being an imperial princess was likely
attributable to her position as one of the Empire’s Elite Twelve. The way
she brushed aside her long, wavy, blonde hair also gave off a rather rough
impression for a princess. But above all else, Suimei could see a
premonition of trouble in her blue eyes.

As she drew nearer, the atmosphere in the plaza gradually transformed.
The air became heavy. Was this the pressure she exuded as a princess, or as
a mage? At the very least, it was very clear she was the one in charge here.
As Suimei quickly put up his guard, Christa fell to her knees. The fact that
Elliot only bowed with a brief nod was likely owing to his status as a hero.
Reiji had done the same in Castle Camellia. Suimei and Felmenia took a
hint and both knelt down as well.
“Has everyone now gathered?”
Graziella stood before them with the rest of the plaza behind her. Her
voice somehow seemed a little languid as her thinly slit eyes moved from
one person to the next. She then began by speaking to Elliot.
“If I remember correctly, I have not seen the likes of you since the report
that you were going to take part in the investigation. Isn’t that right, bastard
hero?”
“I’m glad to see you in good spirits, Your Imperial Highness. I am
honored to be called forth by you despite your oh so busy schedule.”
Elliot responded to the princess’s polite-yet-disrespectful tone in kind.
His narrowed gaze really seemed to be saying, “How dare you drag us
here?” And the princess seemed to hear him loud and clear.
“I see you haven’t changed, bastard hero.”
As the two finished their greetings, Christa began speaking in a
deliberate tone.
“Your Imperial Highness, why have you called forth the summoned hero
without making any sort of prior arrangements with him?”
It did seem like a rather rude way to treat a hero. But if it weren’t
obvious enough from the way that she called him “bastard hero,” Graziella
didn’t care.
“Restrain yourself. Does a mere magic priest dare push her opinion on
me?”
Graziella was glaring at Christa intensely, but Christa stared right back
undauntedly. As if to mediate between the two, Elliot put his hand on
Christa’s shoulder. He seemed to be telling her she was out of her league,
and she got the message. Christa excused herself before reluctantly
withdrawing. Next, Graziella turned towards Suimei.
“So you’re the damned fool who is quarreling with the hero for some
reason?”

“Yes.”
Suimei bowed his head down. The princess confirmed his identity, but
seemed much more interested in the person beside him.
“I never would have imagined you would have White Flame-dono by
your side.”
“It is good to see you well, princess.”
Felmenia spoke respectfully and bowed to Graziella. Christa whipped
around and looked at Felmenia with surprise. She probably knew of Astel’s
White Flame, and thus realized Felmenia had given them a fake name. This
realization, unsurprisingly, came with a scowl. However, none of that really
mattered to Felmenia. She simply ignored Christa and focused on Graziella.
“Why have you, a mage from Astel, come to the Empire?”
“I believe my application to stay here was already accepted, Your
Highness.”
“I’m asking why you’re in the Empire in the first place.”
It seemed Felmenia had already prepared an answer to the irritated
question now directed at her. Something of a resigned sigh escaped her lips.
“In accordance with the guidance of the Goddess Alshuna, I have come
to serve as Suimei-dono’s aide.”
“Oh? Did you not previously say you were working under King
Almadious’s direct orders? Are you saying that was a lie?”
“After reporting this to His Majesty, he ordered me to abide the will of
the Goddess.”
“Hmph... So you say. This is the man you’re aiding?”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“I see. Well, your story is reasonable enough... The Goddess does pass
down some seemingly senseless oracles. If I remember correctly, the current
issue at hand also involves the Goddess.”
Graziella seemed convinced enough. She was still pointing a suspicious
look at Felmenia, but she was willing to drop the subject there.
“Let us get straight to the point. The reason I called you bastards here
today is to inform you that I have taken charge of the investigation into the
coma incidents that you’ve been having your match over.”
“Hmph...”
“That’s...”
Suimei had guessed it would be related to the coma incidents, but he