
hadn’t predicted this. He and Felmenia both wore stern expressions, but
Elliot and Christa seemed unperturbed by this news. Elliot glanced up at the
princess and presented her with a question.
“Your Highness, if that was all you had to say, there was no real need to
call us all the way here, correct? Would it not have been enough to simply
send a messenger?”
“No, that wouldn’t do. For the sake of closing this case expeditiously, I
will have you two bastards work under my direct command.”
“Wha—?!”
“Hey now...”
Elliot was expecting her to just commandeer the investigation, and was
at a loss for words over this development. He stared at her blankly.
Bewilderment could also be seen on Suimei’s face and heard in his voice.
Completely insensitive to their surprise, Graziella firmly demanded their
consent.
“Do you have any objections?”
“Of course I do.”
“Oh? And what might that be? I’ve even taken into consideration your
damned quarrel, you know?”
Elliot spoke up immediately, but Graziella made it quite clear that
challenging her would be futile. It seemed that resistance only riled her up
more. Her mention of “taking their quarrel into consideration” also likely
meant that if they continued with their investigations, then the church
would not have any complaints. Elliot was the one who’d objected
originally, but Christa replied in his stead.
“Your Highness, Elliot-sama and that man are investigating the incident
in accordance with Alshuna-sama’s will. To put both Elliot-sama and that
man under your command would mean getting in the way of the match.”
“And just how is that my problem? I don’t have any reason to look after
your damned match.”
“But it would be an obstruction of the will of the Goddess, and I can’t
imagine that it’s considered proper for a royal to make light of that.”
“Proper? You want to talk about propriety? Before this is your damned
problem, this is the Empire’s problem. It may be wrong to make light of
Alshuna’s will, but after all is said and done, that is but a trifle compared to
the well-being of the citizens of the imperial capital. We do not know when

or where another victim will turn up. Under these circumstance, should our
top priority not be bringing a quick resolution to the entire situation?”
When Graziella claimed her actions were for the safety of her people,
not even Christa could offer any objection. All she could do now was
unhappily keep her mouth tightly shut.
“Is nobody going to say anything after she talked to a princess like
that?” Suimei asked Felmenia quietly.
“The hero is a direct agent of the Goddess. In other words, a saint. In
this case, it is actually Princess Graziella who would be considered out of
line. After all, Christa-dono is under the hero’s protection... Besides, look
closely. You can see it written on the faces of all the mortified soldiers and
military policemen around.”
Following Felmenia’s suggestion, Suimei let his gaze wander around.
Just as she said, not only the military police and soldiers, but even
Graziella’s attendant had gone pale. Graziella then turned her attention over
to Suimei.
“And what about you?”
Naturally, Suimei refused as well.
“I will also have to take the privilege of declining. I am sure a quick
resolution is the highest priority, but I also do not have any intention of
being forced to cooperate with you people.”
“This is an official draft. You are currently living in the imperial capital,
correct? As long as you live within the Empire, it is a matter of course that
you will cooperate with us.”
“Are you implying that if I don’t, you’ll throw me into prison?”
“Hmph. That is certainly a threat we can use. However, in this case, it is
a little too oppressive.”
After a brief pause, Graziella put her hand to her chin as if she’d just
thought of a brilliant idea.
“I know. If you bastards are that intent on objecting, then how about we
impose a condition on your draft?”
“And what would that be?”
“I said that I would have you bastards under my command, but I was
thinking I should first verify your abilities. How about it? If you have a
match with me and win, then it would be fine to allow you two bastards to
freely act on your own.”

“Ugh...”
“How arrogant...”
Elliot and Christa both groaned as Graziella’s overly-aggressive attitude
gave way to her offering up another completely unreasonable solution.
Graziella was the strongest mage in the Empire. The only reason she was
suggesting this “condition” was surely because she had extreme confidence
in her abilities. Elliot, however, was perhaps unaware of this. A sparkle of
curiosity glimmered in his eye.
“You will fight yourself, Your Highness?”
“Is that strange?”
“No, not strange, but...”
What he was hesitating to say was that a task like this would normally
be left to one of her subordinates. But it seemed that was not at all what she
had in mind. As Suimei turned to look at them, Elliot and Christa were
whispering to each other. She was likely giving him information on
Graziella. After a few moments, Elliot—who seemed to discover that this
was not a trifling matter—grew tense. Seeing this, Graziella flashed a
fearless smile.
“That’s right. Let’s test your power first, bastard hero... Hmph, shall we
have a look?”
“You are quite confident in yourself, I see.”
“Confidence? When you are able to properly grasp the limits of your
own abilities, confidence comes quite naturally, wouldn’t you say?”
Graziella completely cut down Elliot’s accusation that her confidence
was an overestimation of her abilities. And with that, Elliot lowered his
stance and let his fighting spirit surge from his body.
“Elliot-sama, y-you couldn’t possibly be accepting her conditions, could
you?!”
“Yeah. It should be amusing to indulge the princess in her selfishness,
right? Besides, if we don’t accept, they won’t let us leave anytime soon.”
“Elliot-sama...”
“Now then, Christa, fall back.”
With a slightly concerned expression, Elliot urged Christa to take refuge
outside the immediate area. Suimei and the others also found a safe place
where they could observe without getting dragged into things.
“Do not bore me, bastard hero.”

With that bold statement, Graziella received a gauntlet from her
attendant and slipped her hand into it. The gauntlet’s silver sheen
complemented her white coat, and there was an inlay or material along the
knuckles that gave off a black luster. Even Suimei, who was well informed
in the way of magickally treated materials, couldn’t identify it. It didn’t
seem to be metal.
“Menia, what is that black stuff on that gauntlet?”
“It’s darkwood. It originates from trees in the north. It’s hard like steel,
but compared to metal, it’s far lighter. It’s also naturally strong against
mana, so it’s often used in protective equipment and sometimes even
weapons for mages.”
“I see...”
Suimei was quite interested in this unknown material, but not as
interested as he was in the fight between Graziella and Elliot. As the
attendants and escorts cleared out of the area, Graziella leaped down from
the top of the staircase. She knocked her fists together as if to check the fit
of her gauntlet. It sent a deep, heavy clang throughout the plaza. While still
looking up at Graziella, Elliot drew his shining orichalcos sword from its
sheath. The blade, excited with mana, was glowing as he thrust the tip into
the bricks underfoot.
“Call Arming.”
His clear voice rang out in the air like a bell, activating his first spell. A
rich amount of mana coiled around Elliot’s body. Within moments, his body
was shielded by dull silver armor. As an eye-catching great helm came into
shape, his entire body was encased in protective metal. In stark contrast to
Elliot’s usually dainty appearance, it was profoundly boorish equipment.
Though it looked like it would restrict his mobility, his armor was actually
woven together with mana from a spell. Its weight wasn’t necessarily what
it looked like.
This was a mystery from Elliot’s world. It materialized a physical
substance, but the characteristics of the spell were unfamiliar to Suimei. He
knew of spells that could produce a similar effect, but this was a system of
magicka that did not exist in his world. As his coat of arms burned into the
armor, Elliot finally materialized a shield. It was a kite shield that also bore
his coat of arms. Observing Elliot’s use of magicka, Graziella turned an
admiring expression on him.

“Oh? Is this magic from the hero’s world? It’s an amusing technique.”
“I am honored. But it will do much more than just amuse you.”
Elliot’s muffled voice emerged from inside his helmet. Then, with an air
of confidence, he lowered his stance. Seeing that he was now ready for
battle, Graziella made her move.
“We’ll start with a preliminary test, shall we? Oh Earth. Harden thy
body and become stone to smash my enemy. Stone Raid.”
It was a spell that Felmenia had used before, magic that used the earth
attribute to shoot out stones. However, Graziella’s title as the strongest
master of earth magic was not just for show. Felmenia’s handiwork couldn’t
compare to the sheer quantity and size of the stones created by Graziella in
the blink of an eye. She was suddenly surrounded by countless stones, all
tapered to sharp points. And as she fired them off, Elliot held out his shield
and took a defensive stance.
Though the stones rushed in, every one of them was repelled by Elliot’s
shield, leaving him completely unharmed. Judging that the hail had ended,
Elliot began invoking his own magicka. After letting out a chant-like
mutter, his sword was now clad in lightning and shot out an electric bolt
from its tip. Having sensed the movement of mana, Graziella evaded the
bolt safely.
“I see. You’re quite capable.”
“There’s still more to come! I present my wish in celebration before the
extolled spirit of wisdom. Answer my call, Force Grant!”
When Elliot activated his keywords, nothing physically seemed to
happen. The mana that was unleashed in the air, however, was to enhance
his physical abilities. It wrapped around his whole body.
“That magicka...”
Felmenia’s eyes were wide open in surprise as she observed Elliot’s
casting. This was likely because she’d realized that he was using multiple
magickas concurrently. It was superior to the magic theory of this world
that was limited to two spells at most. And under the continuous effect of
these magickas, Elliot’s combat ability soared. It was a popular style of
magicka for fighting, but it was practically unheard of in this world.
Graziella closed in on Elliot. It was a rare sight for mages of this world
to advance like that, and seemed to suggest that her specialty was in close-
range combat. Without showing any fear of Elliot’s heavy equipment,

Graziella moved in and thrust her fist at him. Naturally, she was using
physical reinforcement magic as well. It seemed in no way inferior to
Elliot’s. And while attacking with her fists, she was also using earth magic.
In response, Elliot used his shield and lightning-clad sword to boldly fight
her off.
“His way of fighting is splendid, don’t you think?”
“It certainly seems hero-like.”
“Do you find fault with it, Suimei-dono?”
“Well, it conforms to the basics pretty well. I think it’s a good way of
fighting.”
Suimei agreed with Felmenia’s assessment. After watching Elliot fight,
Suimei could no longer say that his confidence was all bravado. His sword
skills were obvious, and the armor he’d conjured was quite durable. The
invoking time on his physical reinforcement magicka and weapon