“What’s wrong? You won’t take it off? It can’t be... You!”
When she didn’t comply with his order, the other military policemen
sidled up. Liliana reflexively stepped back. The military police officer
judged that to be an attempt to escape, and ordered the others into action.
“Capture her!”
A magic whistle then rang in the air. Before long, military policemen
began pouring in from all over. Right in the middle of the street, Liliana
was surrounded in an instant. This sudden development got the attention of
all the nearby foot traffic. With Liliana at the center, the military police had
completely fenced her in, and they were surrounded then again by a crowd
of citizens.
The military police were being vigilant about magic and hesitated to get
any closer. However, after seeing that Liliana wasn’t chanting no matter
how much they waited, they readied their batons and charged in. Liliana
evaded their attacks with nimble footwork. She would not use magic so
lightly. Her mana was largely depleted, so she could not use it wastefully.
However, at this rate, with only a limited hand to play, all her options were
bad. Realizing that, impatience began to heat up within her body. “This is
bad” was the only phrase that came to mind to describe the situation.
Perhaps because she was gripped by such thoughts, she met with one of the
police batons.
“Kyah!”
As she was sent flying, her hood was blown off. As her face was
revealed, she could hear the military policemen who saw it gasping.
“Just as I suspected...”
Matching the commanding officer’s groan, she could hear the crowd
surrounding the military policemen stirring. Their voices were fearful.
“Hey, that’s the girl they’ve been searching for...”
“The human weapon...”
“It’s the culprit behind the incidents.”
Even the military police around her were looking at her like she was a
demon or monster. As she looked around, such gazes were being cast at her
from all directions.

“Hngh...”
Why did everyone always look at her with those eyes? Like they were
seeing something repulsive? Even though she had not even done anything.
Even though she was not born with this power because she wanted it. Even
though she’d never wished for the unhappiness of others.
“Eek!”
The crowd then collectively shrieked and turned pale. For some reason,
they had all been gripped by fear in an instant. And then, before Liliana
could determine the reason why, the answer poured in from the
surroundings.
“What’s... with that eye...?”
“M-Monster! It’s a monster’s eye!”
Screams filled the air. She realized the eyepatch that covered her right
eye had fallen to the ground. The blow from the police baton had snapped
the string that held it up, revealing her repulsive right eye altered by the
power of darkness. Liliana reflexively looked around. Everyone in sight
was staring at her in fear and surprise a shade darker than usual.
It was the same way the people of her village had looked at her when
they declared her a portent of calamity and ostracized her. Filled with dark
emotions, those eyes, those eyes, those eyes...
“A-AAAAAAAAAAAH!”
From the dark depths of her heart, suppressed memories of her past burst
through and began overflowing. They were the memories of a time that she
never wanted to remember again. From when she was determined to be the
source of all of humanity’s misfortune. And the malice that came with it.
“Wait!”
“Don’t let her get away!”
Liliana ran. The sharp voices behind her gave chase, along with a
stampede of footsteps. She’d only been able to get away because they were
all caught off guard over seeing her right eye. She dove into an alley and
ran with all her might.
“Hahh, hahh...”
Liliana had no idea where she was running. After a while, she came to a
stop in some alley to catch her breath, which had long since run out. She’d
somehow managed to give the crowd the slip. No...
There is still... someone there...

There was a presence behind her. Had one of the military policemen
caught up to her? It didn’t seem like it. The presence was extremely thin,
and that kind of stealth skill wasn’t something the military police possessed.
When she turned around, she could see a single black shadow stretching out
in the umbra of a building. It continued to stretch out, like it was creeping
out of the darkness. Before long, after the shadow had stretched out
completely, what appeared was...
“There you are, Liliana.”
“C-Colonel...?”
It was her adoptive father and superior officer, Rogue Zandyke. Seeing
his figure, she was fraught with emotion. Perhaps he had come to look for
her since she hadn’t returned home. But then why was he unsheathing the
sword at his waist?
“Liliana, you have made your resolve, haven’t you?”
“What...?”
A bewildered voice slipped out of her mouth. She couldn’t understand
what was going on at all.
“Liliana.”
“Please... wait. What do you mean... resolve?”
Just what kind of resolve did she need in this encounter with the man
who was supposed to be her father? He should have come to save her, so
why did he have that strained look on his face? No matter how long she
waited, no answer came. All she heard in response were his cold and stiff
footsteps drawing nearer.
“Colonel... What are...”
“Is it not obvious? I have come to take responsibility and uphold my
duty. For the sake of punishing you for the crimes you’ve committed.”
“Why... Colonel, why...”
She wanted to ask him why he was doing this. Liliana had only ever
committed those crimes for the man standing in front of her. Why must she
be the one to take the punishment for them?
“Colonel! I... for your sake!”
“I do not want to hear your excuses. As a soldier of the Empire, you
should be aware of your own liability.”
“N-No... That can’t... Colonel...”
The naked blade drew nearer as Liliana shrank away. Its point came

down towards her. Was she about to be killed? As this thought flashed
through her mind, Liliana’s body moved on its own.
I don’t want to die.
Her will to live acted on her behalf. Before she knew what was
happening, she’d evaded Rogue’s sword.
“...Liliana.”
Rogue muttered her name. His expression had become a shadow and
was no longer visible. No, it was that she didn’t want to see it. If even he
beheld her as something repulsive, her heart would certainly break at last.
Rogue’s slow and composed movements once more came into her field of
vision.
And once more, light glinted off his blade. Following the light that
threatened to blind her, the tip of the blade thrust forward... At this rate, she
would be killed. By the man she called Colonel, the man she idolized as a
father. By the person she held dearest in the world.
“No... NOOOOOOOO!”
Rogue’s thrust pierced the wall right next to her. Without pausing to
think that the chance before her was indeed a chance, Liliana once more
began running.
★
Liliana ran away from Rogue. Being so completely absorbed in fleeing
at full speed down these dark, narrow alleyways, just how many times had
she fallen over now? She was covered in dirt and scratches. Her clothes
were completely tattered.
Where she arrived after fleeing for her life was the city slums. It was a
gloomy place, like she’d run into darkness. She was surrounded by the tall
walls of buildings, and the cloudy sky above her that looked like it might
give way to rain at any time. There was no way daylight would reach her
here.
And on top of the gloom, the area was filled with a strong stink. It was
as if all of the imperial capital’s pollution was gathered here. But in her
flight, this was the only place she could come. After Rogue turned his back
on her, she no longer had anywhere to call home. So that no one would find
her, she’d come here to find a dark corner to hide in. She hugged her knees

while trembling.
If that man had abandoned her, the only path before her was to die in
obscurity like this.
With that thought, tears naturally began overflowing from her eyes. With
no outlet for her emotions, her anguished cries and sobbing from the depths
of her heart would never come out. Only the tears that flooded out of the
corners of her eyes and fell down her cheeks. Her entire life up to this point
had been a deception. In the end, she could only live in abject solitude. She
realized that she was completely powerless.
Thinking back on it, for as long as she’d been aware of her
surroundings, she was only ever ostracized by others. Anyone who saw her
face would claim that she never should have been born. Why did it have to
be her? Why was it only her? She’d wondered such things countless times
already. Just because she could naturally use the power of darkness, why
did she have to be so loathed by people? Even though she never intended to
do anything bad. Even though she never really wanted to hurt anybody.
Despite all that, whenever anybody first saw her, they would all look at her
the same way.
Liliana recalled the family that she saw earlier. Just casually walking
through the streets of the imperial capital, they’d all looked so very happy.
The father, mother, and child all had each other and their smiles like it was
perfectly natural.
A father, mother, and child. They were just people too; they weren’t any
different from Liliana. So why did the Goddess not share those smiles with
her? She wasn’t being selfish. Even if it was just a little—even a tiny bit
would be fine—she wanted to have a little of that warmth from the smile of
a father and mother.
The little boy had begged his father for sweets. And his father, though
troubled, complied readily. His mother was looking after them, but not in a
scolding way. There was just an undeniable warmth between all of them.
The way they were was dazzling. Liliana was envious.
She had never once, not to her mother or father or even Rogue, begged
someone for something she wanted. So just why was that young boy
allowed to do such a thing? In spite of seeming to know nothing of
hardship, pain, or sorrow?
“Ah...”

As she heard footsteps approaching, her voice leaked out. Someone else
had come crawling into this place that was like the depths of a drain. Was it
someone who had gotten lost in the labyrinthine city streets? Or perhaps a
vagrant? Was it the military police on patrol? Or was it Rogue? Liliana
turned towards them, and briefly, as the clouded light shined down on them,
their appearance became clear. That recognizable face was...
“You people... are...”
“To think that you were in this kinda place, huh? Human weapon. No,
criminal.”
“It is just as we heard. Our luck must be good.”
What reached her ears were voices overflowing with blatant,
undisguised cruelty. These were the people hired by the nobles who thought
poorly of Rogue, the same mages she had previously quarreled with, one of
which spoke rudely and the other courteously. The gloomy light revealed
their eyes, glittering with hate and malicious intent.
“What did you... come here for?”
“Ain’t it obvious? You know, that kinda thing...”
“You have made utter fools of us until now.”
“So we’re gonna make you fucking pay for all of it!”
The mages were drawing nearer. This was the last stop in Liliana’s