some advice.
“Allow me to say this: it is better if you do not let people like that do as
they please. All influential people want to make use of those who possess
strong power, after all.”
“Are you familiar with this yourself?”
“Well, to an extent.”
Elliot let out a small sigh. Judging from his behavior, he may just have
experienced such hardships in his own world.
“That’s amazing. Back in my world, I was only a student without any
sort of power. I’m always late at being able to cope with these kinds of
situations.”

As Reiji said this, Elliot looked surprised.
“...Is that so? I must say your movements look awfully well balanced to
me.”
“Really? I’d be pleased if that were true.”
With that, Reiji flashed his usual, natural smile. Elliot, who had never
witnessed it before, winced.
“—?!”
“What’s wrong?”
Paying Reiji’s question no mind, Elliot turned to Suimei and whispered
to him with his hand held up like a partition to keep Reiji from hearing.
“That... It really has a destructive impact, does it not?”
“Don’t turn red, damn it.”
Looking at Elliot’s expression, Suimei let out a sigh. He was tired of
hearing this, but he couldn’t laugh off the fact that Reiji’s smile worked on
men too. Reiji, who was completely oblivious to all this, was still indeed
Reiji.
“At any rate, Austin-san, thank you.”
“Please. In my current situation, I’m not really one to talk. Also, I do not
mind if you just call me Elliot.”
Elliot shrugged his shoulders casually like he was trying to be friendly
with Reiji. Watching the two of them from the sidelines, Suimei drew in a
breath in admiration.
“Somehow... you two really seem to get along, huh?”
“Far more than with you.”
“Shut it.”
As Suimei bluntly replied to Elliot’s cynical gaze, Elliot seemed to have
realized something and was now looking at both Suimei and Reiji’s faces.
“Now that I think about it, do you two know each other? I cannot
possibly imagine the connection, though.”
“Well, I have a bit of a bond with this guy.”
“A bond, you say...? But never mind that. Is it not rude to refer to a hero
as ‘this guy?’”
“...Is it? Are you saying you want me to speak respectfully to you, in a
roundabout way?”
“Would you stop that? If you starting talking to me respectfully, I would
have goosebumps running down my body for the rest of my life.”

“Understood. Then, though it may be presumptuous of me... My, my, if
it is not the valiant hero Elliot-sama. Would you kindly hurry along and
enjoy your goosebumps?”
“Urgh...”
Elliot dramatically grabbed his shoulders as Suimei spoke to him
politely, albeit sarcastically. Unexpectedly, he seemed to have a decent
sense of humor and could roll with the mood.
“...So, I also have something I want to ask, but why are you here?”
“It’s nothing. I just came because I heard you were in the area. I came to
see just what kind of place you were living in.”
“You sure are a whimsical guy,” Suimei said in an exasperated voice.
Then he remembered something. “But you did pull your weight last time,
didn’t you?”
“Are you being sarcastic?”
“Nope, not particularly.”
As the two of them started talking about things only known between
them, Reiji was being left behind. He decided to ask Elliot for details.
“Did something happen?”
“I confronted the culprit behind the coma incidents that have been
raising a fuss in the imperial capital. However, unfortunately, they once
more got away.”
“Oh? You didn’t actually fight them?”
“No, there was no quarrel. Just like last time, he escaped like he’s
playing around with us.”
Elliot let out a vexed sigh. During his investigations today, Suimei heard
that Elliot managed to corner the tall shadow. The citizens of the imperial
capital were praising him. But it seemed that was all a bit off the mark.
“This time, Her Imperial Highness was also present, however. It did not
end quite so easily as before.”
“I see. In other words, they’re quite the master, huh?”
“...”
Suimei then noticed that Elliot had shifted his attention to him. It felt
like he was being scanned.
“What’s wrong?”
“...It is nothing. Do you think you would be able to defeat them?”
“I don’t know why you’re asking me that kind of thing but... As long as I

don’t know that guy’s actual capabilities are, I can’t really say anything.”
As Suimei wouldn’t put up with that kind of guesswork, he unnaturally
acted like he had given up. If both Graziella and Elliot had failed at
apprehending the tall shadow, he couldn’t be careless about it. While they
were in the middle of this conversation, Suimei sensed someone else’s
presence. As he narrowed his eyes and glared off in the direction he sensed
it, the presence that realized they’d been found out looked back at him.
They drew closer, their presences thinned. After confirming the three people
before them, they quietly came out of the shadows.
“My, to think there would be two heroes gathered together.”
“Colonel Rogue?”
Just as Elliot had said, the man who emerged from the shadows was the
man with swept-back black hair with a bit of gray mixed into it—the
imperial soldier Rogue Zandyke. As per his usual, he donned a dark
military uniform and a sword hung ostentatiously from his waist. His stern
look should have impressed on Suimei that he was dangerous, but for some
reason, what stood out to Suimei was the shadow stretching out behind him.
The reason Rogue seemed so small was perhaps because of how large
his shadow cast by the setting sun appeared to be. It was like Suimei
couldn’t tell whether or not it was actually attached to his feet. Rogue
stepped forward with a strange gait. His reddish-brown eyes were thin and
sharp as he narrowed them to their limit, making his severe face appear
even more severe. Reiji quickly drew closer to Suimei to talk to him in
secret.
“Suimei, isn’t Rogue...”
“Yeah...”
Suimei had shared what he knew about this man with Reiji and the
others. As Reiji tensed up, Rogue faced Elliot and gave him a light bow.
“Elliot-dono, Her Imperial Highness Graziella is calling for you. Hurry
up and come to the plaza, she says.”
Did he come all this way just to relay that message? Hearing Graziella’s
name, Elliot let out a grand sigh.
“My goodness, that imperial princess really treats her subordinates
roughly, huh?”
“I can sympathize with that.”
“If you sympathize with it, then I would like you to trade places with

me.”
“Shoo, shoo! Go away.”
Suimei waved his hand to drive him away, but Elliot didn’t really seem
to mind at all. As he combed back his blonde hair glistening in the evening
sun, he seemed somewhat coquettish to Suimei. He did turn to go, but Reiji
called out to him as he did.
“Well, Elliot, I’ll see you again if fate permits.”
“Likewise. I’ll be in your care then, hero from Astel.”
After Elliot responded in kind to Reiji’s refreshing parting words, he left
the area. After seeing him off, Rogue turned his thin eyes on Suimei.
“Suimei Yakagi, right?”
“It has been a while.”
“Before the search for Liliana began, you seemed to have met with her,
right?”
“...That’s right.”
Suimei was still watching Elliot go and didn’t meet Rogue’s gaze.
Rogue then turned and faced Suimei properly.
“I have a fairly obvious question for you, but do you know where
Liliana is right now?”
“I haven’t a clue.”
“Is that true?”
“Yes.”
Suimei turned to face Rogue and nodded.
“Is it alright for me to ask something in return?”
“What is it?”
“You seem to be looking for that girl, but if you do find her, what do you
plan on doing?”
Rogue looked at Suimei, his eyes full of unrelenting will. After staring
for a while, Rogue replied while maintaining his stiff expression.
“I don’t think there is any reason for me to tell you that.”
“As one of the people searching for the culprit behind the coma
incidents, I would like to hear your answer.”
“...It should be obvious. I will have her take responsibility for her
actions. That is all.”
“Even if her reason for doing so was to protect you?”
“Of course.”

Rogue silently turned away. His words were exactly like his
temperament, simply stiff. He was surely the same way when he cornered
that little girl. And if that were the case, there may be nothing Suimei could
do to topple his will. But even so, Suimei had to say it or he knew he
wouldn’t be satisfied.
“It may be none of my business, but...”
“Suimei?”
Both Reiji and Rogue turned to face Suimei.
“You are that girl’s father, aren’t you? Even if you aren’t connected by
blood, as long as you decided to be her father, you should act like it. At the
very least, to the bitter end.”
“...”
“Isn’t that right? If you’re her family, then you should be the one who
believes in her, right?”
Suimei told Rogue exactly what was on his mind. But as expected,
Rogue’s stiff expression never cracked. But once Suimei got that off his
chest, he cooled down some and his voice was now quieter than before.
“A parent’s responsibilities... Hearing of such things from someone who
isn’t a parent may certainly seem impertinent. But if we’re talking about
responsibility...”
“No. I draw the line at calling her my relative. This is my responsibility
as her superior officer.”
As Rogue left him those words, he went his way without even so much
as a glance back. It was as if his figure was relaying his resoluteness to
Suimei. But even if he was set in his ways, Suimei still wanted to tell him
of the things that girl held in her heart. Yet in the end, all he could do was
watch as he walked away. Reiji wore an unusually serious expression as he
turned away from Rogue’s vanishing figure and brought his face closer to
Suimei.
“Suimei... From what I’ve heard, I think that man is awfully suspicious.”
“If this is about the culprit, there’s no way that guy is the mastermind.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah. No doubt about it. As for the real offender, I do have a clue who
it might be.”
While Suimei and Reiji were having this exchange, they suddenly
became aware of the sound of footsteps rapidly approaching. After

belatedly realizing whoever it was was headed straight for them, they heard
someone call out to them as well.
“Suimei-dono! Reiji-dono! It’s terrible!”