statesmen in the room told him to raise his head. Rogue obeyed, and lifted
his eyes to behold the young man in elegant garments that was looking
down on him. This was the first imperial prince of the Nelferian Empire,
Reanat Filas Rieseld. Even in Castle Groschler where powerful men
frequently butted heads, he was a talented individual who handled all state
affairs flawlessly whenever the emperor was absent. And before Reanat,
Rogue once more bowed down.
“It is good to see you in high spirits, Your Highness. I would like to ask
you of a trifling matter, but was His Imperial Majesty not responsible for
government affairs today?”
As the emperor of Nelferia was getting quite advanced in years, the day-
to-day affairs of the nation were split between him and the crown prince in
turns. This relieved some of the burden on the emperor, and gave Prince
Reanat a firm foundation in the business. And on this particular day, it was

supposed to be the emperor’s shift. When Rogue mentioned this, Reanat put
on a faint smile and glanced at the throne next to him where the emperor
ordinarily sat.
“His Majesty is in the Ruby Palace. It seems he will be unable to tend to
governmental affairs today, thus I have come forth. Good grief, His
Majesty’s moodiness sure is problematic... Heheheh.”
Reanat let out something of a strange laugh as Rogue bowed his head
even more deeply once again. At the mention of the emperor, who’d run off
to one of the imperial villas, the Ruby Palace, to play around with women,
the prince must have been internally sighing. Realizing as much, Rogue
waited for the prince to recollect himself.
Reanat then suddenly ceased his stifled laughter. The last few notes of it
that hung in the air were like a premonition of the change in the
atmosphere. As Rogue assumed they were moving on to the main topic, he
stiffened a bit and put himself on guard for what Reanat had to say.
Propping up his chin with his hand supported by the throne’s elegant
armrest, the prince spoke.
“So, Rogue, are you already aware of the reason that you have been
summoned here today?”
“...Though it may be presumptuous of me to say so, I believe it would be
about Liliana.”
“That is correct. This concerns the culprit behind the coma incidents,
and whether that may or may not be your daughter. She was spotted at the
scene of the crime the other day, but then fled and has yet to be found. Have
her whereabouts been determined since then?”
“No, we have exhaustively searched for her, but we have still been
unable to establish her whereabouts.”
“Has she not returned to your residence?”
“It is just as I said.”
After Rogue’s short reply, one of the elderly statesmen spoke up.
“Perhaps you’re sheltering her? She is your daughter, after all.”
“No, I would never do such a thing...”
“Oh? According to the military police, the victims of these incidents
were all particularly high-ranking nobles. It’s not impossible to conceive
that some young upstart like yourself is using their daughter to enact some
sort of scheme, is it?”

The elderly statesman’s words were roundabout. He was implying that
Rogue was making a move to improve his status by taking out the people
who would stand in his way. However, Rogue denied this.
“I have heard that not all of the victims were high-ranking individuals.”
“Shameless! The vast majority were those who regarded you with
suspicion, including those lower in status than you!”
The statesman’s aggressive and somehow contrived voice echoed
through the air. Following it were murmurs of agreement from all sides.
Suspicions against Liliana filled the room. In this situation, even the nobles
who were Rogue’s allies were unable to speak up in his defense. As the
statesmen were getting worked up, Reanat let out a deliberately loud sigh.
“...Will you cease that? It has not yet been determined that Liliana is the
criminal.”
At Reanat’s behest, the loud voices of discontent clamoring in the room
quieted down in an instant. Even the statesman who first cast blame on
Rogue withdrew immediately. It was as though they’d all been trying to
leave a bad impression of Rogue on Reanat and the other neutral nobles,
and were content to back down when they felt they’d made their point.
Rogue could sense stifled laughter in the silent room. After observing that
the atmosphere in the air had calmed down, Reanat began speaking again.
“Starting that kind of argument in this place will get us nowhere. First
we must search for Liliana, who is under suspicion, and put all of our
strength into investigating the incidents.”
“Naturally.”
The statesman who had been raising a fuss readily assented to Reanat’s
plan. But then, as if staging an ulterior motive, he immediately followed up
with his own input.
“I believe there is something that we must decide on before that,
however.”
“Something that we must decide on...?” Rogue asked skeptically.
“Responsibility, is it? In that case, you are certainly correct.”
Rogue knit his brow at the statesman’s vague declaration, but Reanat
had immediately caught on to his intent. He then directed his cold gaze at
Rogue.
“If the investigation proceeds, then your daughter will eventually be
found. If, at that time, Liliana is determined to be the criminal, what will

you do?”
“Please wait a moment, Your Highness. Hasn’t it not yet been
determined if Liliana is to blame?”
“But in the case that she is, how will you take responsibility? That is the
matter at hand right now.”
One of the statesmen summarized Reanat’s meaning for Rogue. Surely
they were being too hasty in determining a punishment so soon. As Rogue
discreetly glanced over at the statesman, he could see him laughing with a
smirk. It was obvious that they were planning on pinning false charges on
Liliana. But perhaps because Reanat held Rogue in high regards, he added
on to the statesman’s summary.
“Rogue, both you and your daughter are great assets to the Empire. I
would also like to believe she is innocent. However, you must also know
that our country has strict laws. Thus, to prepare for the worst case, this is
something that we must decide.”
One of the statesmen chimed in again there, adding, “Imperial Military
Guidelines article 12, clause number 3. A colonel like yourself wouldn’t
make light of that, would you? When the time comes, I believe that you
should also wish for a suitable punishment.”
“So, Rogue,” said the prince, “do you have some sort of answer for us?”
Rogue waited for everyone to be silent, then responded to Reanat’s
question.
“...My daughter’s failures are also my failures. I will relinquish my rank
in the army, and step down from my seat as one of the Elite Twelve.”
“Understood.”
As Reanat’s acknowledgment echoed through the room, one of the
statesmen raised his voice once more.
“That is how it should be. I believe it is appropriate for the colonel to
take responsibility for his own daughter’s actions.”
“Is that not a little severe?”
“We are talking about the one ultimately responsible for things ending
up in this state. It is only proper... Don’t you think so, colonel?”
“...I understand completely.”
Under pressure, Rogue once more bowed down. Observing all this for a
short while, Reanat then spoke up.
“The fact that a resolution to this incident has been delayed is something

His Majesty is also taking seriously. With demonic activity on the rise and a
potential invasion on the horizon, we cannot have internal turmoil in the
nation that goes unresolved.”
The noble who made the first statement eagerly agreed with the prince,
adding, “You are most right. We must earnestly dedicate ourselves to the
investigation. However, it seems that the Holy State’s hero is currently
involved as well.”
“I am aware that it will be difficult to get involved. However, it is also
true that at this rate, we will not get anywhere. Therefore, with regards to
the investigation of this case, there will be a change.”
“A change, Your Highness?”
“Indeed. Up until now, the military police and the intelligence division
have been working together on the investigation. The investigation
headquarters is integrated between the two of them. So for the time being,
command of headquarters will be entrusted to this person.”
Reanat issued a brief command for someone to be let in, and the door
opened. The one who emerged and walked to Reanat’s side was...
★
The knock of a visitor at the front door echoed throughout the Yakagi
residence in the imperial capital. Felmenia went to get it, and quickly
returned from the entranceway to report. In a sense, it was exactly as
Suimei expected.
“Suimei-dono, it’s the military police of the imperial capital.”
Felmenia delivered this news with a grave expression, and Suimei
calmly acknowledged what she said. At present, Suimei was now in much
better physical shape after wholly devoting himself to his recovery over the
last few days. He wasn’t quite back in peak condition, but he was at least
back on his feet and could manage his everyday life again.
For the time being, he wanted to make up for all the time he’d lost while
he couldn’t move and was wondering what to start with. This happened to
be one of his main considerations. The two girls, however, looked most
concerned. Lefille, who was standing next to Felmenia, was the next to
speak up.
“The military police... Suimei-kun, what do we do?”

“Let’s see... For now, let’s just meet with them.”
“But once you do...”
“I know.”
Indicating that he had properly thought it through, Suimei headed to the
entranceway where the military police were waiting. Depending on the
situation, there was the possibility that things could deteriorate quickly, but
nothing would happen at all if they just left them waiting. As he
approached, Suimei greeted the policeman who was waiting in the
entranceway, who returned a courteous bow. His uniform was extremely
neat and well kept, his conduct was lively, and his words were also very
polite.
“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am affiliated with the
Empire’s military police, Third Regiment. You are Suimei Yakagi-san,
correct?”
“Yes. What business brings you here today?”
“I will get straight to the point. I would like you to accompany us,
Yakagi-san.”
The policeman politely replied to Suimei, who was feigning ignorance.
And as his reply indicated, there were several other officers standing
outside the door. Suimei guessed that they were planning on taking him to
the station and thoroughly questioning him about the events of that night.
Suimei answered the man in a somewhat troubled voice.
“I see... My apologies, but I’m in rather poor health at the moment.
Would it not be possible to leave it for another day?”
“That... I’m afraid not.”
“Meaning?”
“In the event you do not comply with our request, the brass has ordered
us to bring you along by force.”
It was a rather violent approach. However, the military policeman who
delivered this news didn’t seem fond of the idea either. He was currently
rubbing his forehead with his fingers. This was likely because he
sympathized with Suimei’s condition and did not really want to force him.
But now that he knew force was on the table, Suimei knew that he wouldn’t
be able to get out of this. Even if he used magicka to slip by this time,
another member of the military police would simply come by and ask again
later. In the end, the situation wouldn’t change.

“We’re aware of your circumstances, but I’m afraid I must ask you to
come with me. Will you?”