everything he had to simply dodge blows in close combat.
“Your evasive maneuvers are respectable. However...”
Graziella fell back. The reason was obvious.
“Oh Earth! Thou art a stone bullet shining with evil’s brilliance! Strike
down my enemy in the blink of an eye! Stone Iridescence!”

As her words came to an end, an amorphous mineral like an opal
appeared in the air. From the sunlight and mana shining down on it, the
light refracting through it shined like a rainbow and assaulted Suimei’s
eyes. The constantly changing wavelength of light was strong; if one were
weak to the stimulus, then it would likely induce spasms due to seizure. The
mass of minerals served well as a smokescreen and could deceive a simple
opponent from the impending attack; however, Suimei was a magician.
Partially closing his eyes while enduring the dazzling light, Suimei
deployed his defensive magicka.
“Secundum moenia, expansio localis!”
[Second rampart, local expansion!]
The mass of minerals that came flying at Suimei was completely
blocked by his golden magicka circle. Unsurprisingly, Graziella’s eyes shot
wide open like she’d witnessed something strange. However, her expression
quickly returned to its usual smug state.
“...It didn’t work, huh?”
Her spell had been completely shut down, but Graziella was still quite
composed. It was like she was saying that she still had much more up her
sleeve, both in terms of mana and spells. That was probably entirely correct.
She was standing there without a single drop of sweat on her face, or any
other sign of exhaustion. She had the capacity to fire off such two verse
chants a multitude of times without any problem. She was known as the
strongest mage in the Empire for a reason.
The earth attribute of all things...
Suimei grimaced at the bitter taste in his mouth. He had learned her
specialty earlier while observing her fight with Elliot, yet he still couldn’t
stop himself from groaning over it. Out of the four or five traditional
elements, magicka of the earth variety obviously held the most mass and
hardness. It mostly used sand, earth, rocks, and minerals to defend or attack
with serious impact.
Suimei’s second rampart was a spell that defended against mana and the
spells it wove. If an earth spell was just attacking him with rocks and such,
then the physical defenses of the first rampart could block it. But even
simple magicka of the earth attribute created a large shock on impact. The
damage to the surroundings was not insignificant, and it was especially
painful for Suimei, who couldn’t move around too much in this condition.

He felt perfectly entitled to gripe about it. But if there was something he
could do, it was to simply keep up appearances with a composed face.
“Is this alright? If you keep firing off such flashy magic, the damage to
the district will be pretty serious, you know?”
“Like I care. The only ones living in this area are the rich. A little
property damage won’t empty their purses. So you shouldn’t hold back
either. Understood?”
“...It sounds like you just gave me permission to break stuff.”
“Honestly, clearing some space in the imperial capital would be quite
refreshing.”
Pretty much giving him a carte blanche to destroy an upper class
residential area wasn’t something someone of her status should be doing.
But just based off of her expression, Suimei couldn’t get a read on what she
was thinking. He couldn’t yet determine just what emotion hid behind those
words. However, he could at least tell that this was not an opponent he’d be
able to shake up with words. Graziella rushed in once more. However, in
complete contrast to her last charge, her footwork was light.
“Sh-She’s fast!” yelled Felmenia.
It seemed she was just as surprised by Graziella’s swift movements. The
mage before Suimei’s eyes was moving left and right with feints to try and
throw Suimei off. But the speed with which she was doing it was unnatural.
“Earth magic, huh?”
“That’s right. But just seeing through that much won’t earn you my
praise.”
While messing with Suimei’s sense of depth, she was probably planning
to leap in just a step away from him. But Suimei wasn’t about to let her
insult his magician’s eyes like that. After getting a rough grasp of
Graziella’s location, Suimei snapped his fingers.
“Ugh—?!”
The air in front of her burst while she was in the middle of her footwork.
She was unable to maintain her balance, and stumbled a step forward. The
effect of Suimei’s strike magicka didn’t end at just stopping her in her
tracks, however. Perhaps due to the shock to her head and body, Graziella
was staggered. Seeing his opportunity, Suimei switched to an offensive in
the blink of an eye. He repeatedly snapped his fingers at Graziella and
unleashed a constant stream of his strike magicka. At the mercy of a storm

of explosions from every direction, Graziella had no time to prepare any
sort of protective magic. She was forced to shield herself with her arms in a
defensive stance.
“Tch, you bastard! Magic without any chanting...!”
However, with just this strike magicka, Suimei was unable to put a
decisive end to this battle. He was preparing to invoke his next spell, but
because of the limitations his body placed on his mana use during his
recovery, it was slow.
Shit...
While Suimei was cursing internally, Graziella started muttering
something. Assuming it was going to be another earth spell, Suimei paid
careful attention to any changes in his surroundings. Sensing tremors
beneath him was all the omen he needed, and Suimei immediately moved to
evade. As Graziella struck the ground beneath her, it shattered to pieces and
turned into a countless number of pebbles that all sailed towards Suimei. It
was like a monsoon of bullets from all directions, but Suimei still managed
to stave off the attack.
“In that case, how about this?!”
As Graziella yelled, she turned over her military coat.
“Heed my desires. Fly in from the beyond. To the one who won’t hold
an audience with me, my hail detaches you from the world’s entangled and
inseparable laws. Become a power that surpasses all reason. Open, Devil
Connect!”
“Do you think using the same kind of magic over and over will—
Wha?!”
The end of Suimei’s taunt was cut off by his own surprised voice.
Thanks to his intuition, he had a decent grasp on the shape the spell
Graziella was invoking would take. But something was different this time.
There was no mediation on an Element in her magic. And the moment he
realized that, a region of the air became hazy. Suddenly, a giant mass of
rock appeared in that space, and Suimei brought forth his second rampart to
intercept it. However, for some reason, his defensive magicka did little in
the way of stopping it. Before the giant mass of rock, the rampart of the
golden fortress was screaming. On top of that, magickal power had been
building up above him. At this rate...
“Tch!”

“Suimei-dono!”
Suimei pulled away to dodge, but he was still struck by a portion of the
massive rock. The shock alone sent him flying. The rock sailed onward and
smashed into a corner of the plaza with a thunderous crash that kicked up
dust everywhere. Suimei, however, was forced unwillingly into low-altitude
flight. He immediately began manipulating phenomena to correct his
posture. For a magician with sufficient power, without any sort of chant or
action, they could manipulate phenomena to an extent with only an image
in their mind. It was restricted to simple things, but when it came down to a
race against time like this, it was a fairly useful skill.
The image Suimei had in his mind was one of a large hand pulling on
his body. With that, as if his body had indeed been yanked by some
invisible power, he unnaturally flew to the side and landed safely. After
finishing this gravity-defying stunt, his whole body writhed in pain.
“Ugh...”
“So you dodged it. Well, you should at least be capable of that much.”
Graziella furrowed her brow as she beheld Suimei’s peculiar
movements, though she didn’t seem particularly distracted by it. Unlike
most of the other mages Suimei had met, she was fairly accepting of
unknown mysteries. Whereas Christa and Elliot, on the other hand, could
only groan after witnessing the magic that Graziella had used.
“Ridiculous... That kind of enormous...”
“To use that kind of magic in this kind of place... Just what is she
thinking?”
They expressed it differently, but they both felt the same way. They were
equally astonished by the extreme magic they’d just witnessed. Graziella
had created a boulder so large that it was practically all they could see, and
sent it flying at her opponent. Suimei still had his golden fortress at the
ready and was racking his brain over how to deal with the next attack.
Something was odd about Graziella’s magic. The spell she’d just used
defied everything Suimei knew about magic in this world. He’d been told
that the single magic system here relied on hailing the Elements to unleash
their power. So just what had she done? She hadn’t meditated on the
Elements, and it wasn’t just a physical attack that launched rock. Yet his
rampart defense against spells had hardly done anything. Suimei carefully
thought back on what he had witnessed moments ago. The sense of

discomfort, the hazy region of space... That enormous mass of rock took
form far too quickly to have been natural. Suimei then suddenly noticed
something within his line of sight.
“I see. That magic... it uses the embroidery in the lining of that coat,
right?”
“Oh?”
As Suimei used his keen insight to identify Graziella’s magic, her gaze
sharpened.
“Interesting. Let’s hear your theory.”
Contrary to what she was saying, her face indicated she was not amused
in the least. She looked like she was demanding an explanation and would
scrutinize every word thoroughly.
“I don’t like the way you’re saying that, but... That magic, unlike typical
magic, doesn’t rely on the Elements. It’s essentially a summoning
technique, right?”
Elliot was the first to react to those words.
“Summoning technique? What are you saying? This world doesn’t have
summoning techniques, does it?”
“Doesn’t it? There’s the magic that called you here—that out-of-place
artifact ritual of the hero summoning magic.”
“Ah...”
“That magic she used just now likely uses a single part of that spell to tie
two places together. It’s teleportation magicka.”
“Tele-por-tashun magic-ah...?”
Felmenia, Graziella, and Christa didn’t seem to understand the meaning
of his words. There was one person, however, who grasped it just fine and
nodded admiringly.
“I get it. It’s a type of teleportation spell, huh? That enormous rock was
stored in a different location, and then transferred here via her magic?”
“That’s right. Otherwise, what just happened couldn’t be adequately
explained.”
“What about the possibility that it was just an illusion?”
“Not possible. Of the magicka that uses earth as an attribute, other than
spells that just move earth and rocks, the objects manifested play the role of
the earth attribute in the spell. Since the majority of said objects are
composed entirely of mystical power, a defensive wall against spells is

capable of blocking them. But what she did just now was an entirely
physical attack.”
The projectiles that were fired out by magicka of the earth attribute were
fundamentally vague existences. Whether they were a mish-mash of
substances brought together by magicka or a construction of the actual spell
itself, depending on the method used, the product was either completely
physical or completely mystical in nature. In the case of mystical
projectiles, magickal defenses to break down spells would be enough to
defend against them. However, in the case of physical one, they would