As they turned around, Felmenia was running towards them as she
gasped for breath between her shouts.
★
Within a single room inside Suimei’s base was a magicka circle he
installed letting out a mystical light. On top of it was Lefille, who was down
on one knee in prayer. Her still figure looked just like a devout follower
earnestly praying to a god while waiting for a blessing. Or rather, seeing
how she was indeed a follower of the Goddess Alshuna’s teaching and
believed in the Goddess’s existence, it wasn’t just that the scene looked like
it. That’s precisely what it was. The pure blue beam of light illuminated all
the furniture in the gloomy room in a wondrous manner. The beauty of the
light was so pristine that it would have been easy to believe no one could
invade it.
A knock reverberated in the room. As Lefille opened her thin eyes and
turned towards the door, she heard Suimei’s voice from the other side.
“Lefi, how is it?”
“Oh, considerably good. Thanks to the circle you made, I feel like I’m
getting back into my stride quite well.”
“That’s good.”
Hearing her cheerful voice, Suimei took in a small breath of relief.
“Is something the matter?”
“Yeah, seems like something happened. We’re going to all talk about it
together, so I came to get you.”
“...What could it be? I have a bad feeling.”
“Me too.”
Hearing his agreement, she could practically see him shrugging through
the door. Lefille then stood up and headed to the living room with Suimei.
When they arrived, Felmenia and Reiji’s group, including their knight
escorts had already gathered. Everyone crowded around the table and took
their seats. Felmenia then cut to the chase.
“I was outside gathering information in the streets just now, but I heard

something that worried me.”
Felmenia had a grim expression on like her blood was curdling as she
said this, and Suimei cut in to urge her on.
“What’s wrong?”
“I was eavesdropping on the soldiers who were talking in the plaza, and
they were saying that they have ascertained Liliana’s location.”
“Sensei, then...”
“So they found this place out...”
Suimei inhaled sharply. The hour had finally arrived. He knew it was
only a matter of time, but he was hoping it wouldn’t be so soon.
“White Flame-dono, is that for certain?”
“Yes, Your Highness. Using magicka... Using magic, I got the
information from deep within the headquarters in the southern plaza. I do
not believe there is any mistaking it.” After replying to Titania’s question,
Felmenia continued her report. “But that is not all. I heard a few times that
for the purpose of rounding up all those involved with Liliana, they were
going to take action this evening.”
“In other words, the Empire... Princess Graziella intends to capture all of
us.”
Lefille let out an ill-humored groan. Certainly if they’d determined her
location, it was perfectly expected that they’d also want to take into custody
the people who’d been sheltering her. However...
“So the reason that hero was loitering around the area was for this...”
“Elliot?”
“That’s probably it.”
Suimei nodded at Reiji. Elliot’s appearance and now this... The timing
was too much of a coincidence. No matter how he looked at it, Elliot had
absolutely no reason to be in Suimei’s neighborhood. It was unthinkable
that his curiosity had gotten the better of him. However, if the strategy was
going to take place this evening, him coming to do some preliminary
scouting made perfect sense. As for where they managed to get the
information on Liliana’s location... Suimei had a guess.
Next, Lefille turned to Felmenia.
“Lady Felmenia, will Princess Graziella be coming?”
“Pardon? I believe so. She would probably come herself, right?”
“Huh... Yes, of course...”

Suimei thought it was appropriate. Considering her temperament, there
was no way she wouldn’t come. However, Lefille was quite fixated on this
point for quite some time. In her smaller form, her expressions were quite
cute, but for an instant, Suimei saw something reckless and dangerous in
her face.
“Suimei-kun, what do we do?”
Before Suimei could answer Mizuki, Liliana’s trembling voice spoke up.
“Like I thought... I should surrender.”
“I won’t let you do that kinda crap. Besides, it’s too late even if you
leave now.”
“But...! At this rate, I’ll cause... everyone trouble.”
“Don’t worry about it. If I stopped to think about everything that
troubled me, I couldn’t possibly live in this damn world, you know?”
Saying that, Suimei showed Liliana a fearless smile as she hung her
head down in gratitude. Lefille turned to Suimei, seeming to share the
sentiment.
“I agree completely about Liliana, Suimei-kun. So what will we do from
here?”
“We go catch the culprit.”
As Suimei announced his plan, the room became noisy for a spell.
“In truth, I’d like to gather more information before making contact. But
that won’t fly anymore.”
“Suimei, you said before that you had a clue as to who the mastermind
was, right? Do you have any proof that whoever it is is really the culprit?”
“There’s an eight or nine out of ten chance, I’d say. I can’t imagine it
being anyone else.”
Suimei answered Reiji confidently, but Titania followed up with more
questions.
“It is fine to go and catch them, but if we do that, will everything be put
in order cleanly?”
“Perfectly cleanly would be quite difficult. But we could always skip
town in the middle of the night.”
Suimei laughed like he didn’t think anything of it, but Felmenia and
Lefille both sighed and shook their heads. But Titania wasn’t done yet.
“And so, Suimei, will we all be going to where the culprit is?”
Suimei was slightly taken aback at this rather strange question from her.

“Whazzat?”
“Why are you making that kind of idiotic face? I am asking if you have
some sort of plan, I’ll have you know.”
“So... you’re going to cooperate with me?”
As Suimei looked at her in surprise, Titania gave him a look like she
couldn’t believe he was seriously asking her that. Reiji was the one who
spoke up next, in something of an astonished voice.
“That’s completely an ‘after all this time’ kind of thing, Suimei. Isn’t it
obvious?”
“Yeah, yeah. When we’re in trouble, you’re the same, right?”
“But if you do this, things might become quite difficult for you guys
from now on...”
“It’s fine. Besides, the one who always used to cause the trouble was
me. I would say something selfish, and Suimei would follow along. That’s
the usual flow, right? So I can just think of this as returning the favor.”
After Reiji said that cheerfully, his expression changed. It became
resolute and serious.
“Besides, I can’t just turn a blind eye to this.”
Reiji’s voice resonated throughout the room. Those words he fired off
were extremely promising. But they made Suimei scratch his head like he
was resigning himself.
“Aaand there’s the famous Reiji-ism.”
“He won’t back down no matter what now, Suimei-kun.”
“Yeah... I know.”
Strung along by Mizuki’s smiling face, Suimei also put on a smile
before continuing.
“Then... yeah. If you all plan on cooperating, then I’ll take you up on
that.”
Everyone present gave Suimei an acknowledging nod. Liliana then
stood up from her chair in a fluster.
“Suimei, if you’re going to catch the culprit, please take me with you.”
“I don’t want to let you fight though.”
“But...”
As Liliana clung to him, Suimei could only remain silent. If their
opponent was the mastermind behind this case, it would without a doubt be
the same person who manipulated Liliana. Suimei didn’t really want them

coming in contact with each other. However, an earnest light shone in the
eyes of the girl in front of him. It was strong, and told him that even if she
couldn’t bring this to an end herself, she at least wanted to see it through.
And seeing that resolve, as one would expect, Suimei had no choice but to
give in.
“But I won’t let you use magic, alright?”
“I know.”
“You might go through something terrible, you know?”
“I’ve made up my mind. I do not wish... to run away.”
“And you’re really okay with this?”
“Yes.”
“...Alright then.”
With that, Suimei then moved on to talk about his plans for the
evening’s battle.
★
After finishing their meeting, Suimei called to Felmenia. She was
currently headed to the off-limits room he used as his laboratory. He’d
called her over without any explanation, and up until now, her brow had
been quite wrinkled. Using a special spell to open the door, the one who’d
summoned her was deep inside the room arranging some of his research
tools.
“Suimei-dono, it is Felmenia Stingray. I have come as requested.”
“Oh, you’re here. Just sit wherever you want.”
Without even looking over at her, Suimei ushered her in with a wave.
Doing just as he said, Felmenia sat down in a vacant chair. As she did,
Suimei finished organizing his tools and drew closer to her.
“Sorry ‘bout that.”
“No, I do not mind. So, just what is the matter, Suimei-dono? You only
called for me...”
“Aah, well, there’s something I specifically wanted to share with you.
Also, I thought we should talk about tonight’s battle.”
“Just with me?”
Suimei nodded back at Felmenia’s puzzled question. Based on the
preparations they’d just made, it was decided that they would split up into a

group to defeat the mastermind, a group to confront Graziella, Elliot, and
the imperial forces they lead, and a group to stall the chase.
“Just as I said before, I have no choice but to go with Liliana. That’s
why I want you to handle something else for me.”
“Eh, and so...”
Perhaps because she wasn’t expecting him to say that, Felmenia was
making a slightly less dignified expression than normal. Suimei then
articulated his thoughts for her.
“That’s right. Dealing with Graziella is an important part of this, so I
was thinking of leaving that to you, Menia.”
“M-Me?! Are you talking about me?!”
“The only one who could face off against that dangerous woman is
probably Tia. But we can’t really play that hand. And Lefi still can’t fight.
So all in all, it has to be you.”
“B-B-B-B-But...! For me to take on Her Imperial Highness Graziella,
are my abilities not a little...?”
“You can’t do it?”
“It is obvious! It is unreasonable! She is the strongest mage in all the
Empire, you know?!”
Felmenia was shaking her head with all her might.
“But didn’t they say that you were the strongest mage in Astel or
something?”