flames incinerated the power of darkness to nothing as the fire continued to
surge towards Romeon unimpeded.
Romeon took a defensive stance to protect himself as the excessive,
vigorous flames burst through the walls of the library. Fearing another
attack from Suimei, Romeon leaped outside through one of the freshly
made holes.
“Urgh... Impossible! How is it that you who does not hold the power of
darkness can use savage names?!”
Suimei exited the library the same way in pursuit of Romeon and
snapped his fingers at Romeon, forcing him to retreat further back into a
vacant plot of land. Suimei strode forward with composure, stepping out
from the darkness underneath the moonlight.
“The names of gods are in and of themselves a strong power. Since
ancient times, many magicians had attempted to make use of that power for
magicka. But gods from another plane of existence have names that are
completely unpronounceable to humans. And even if they could speak
them, they’re too powerful for humans to use. Savage names—words that
hold tremendous power by bringing down the names of gods—are
something that can enhance the effect of any magicka. Primitive names.”
“Wha—?”
“Savage names do more than just strengthen dark magic. I have no idea

what conclusions you came to while studying them, but it seems you got it
wrong.”
Nomina barbara were capable of far more than increasing the
effectiveness of dark magic. By bringing down the name of gods to the
level of human speech, their significance was akin to the howl of a beast to
humans. They held a great, primal power that could be applied to any
magicka.
“So what if it can be used for other magic?! If you are also able to use
savage names, then I only need to apply savage names to an even more
powerful magic!”
After screaming, Romeon once more began chanting a spell. And seeing
this, Suimei let out an exasperated declaration.
“If one makes use of savage names, the effectiveness of the magicka is
certainly increased. But magicka that uses them becomes bland, and there’s
no way to fully control it. So it has its disadvantages. That’s why...”
“Oh Darkness. Thou art more powerful than any of the eight attributes.
The destruction that thou dost bring about will give birth to absolute
despair! Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron! Black Ruin!”
“O mysteria. Subito depravato id axioma.”
[Oh mysteries. Quickly distort that principle.]
At the same time Romeon activated his keyword, Suimei recited a chant
with incredible speed. When he did, a change came over the dark spell
Romeon was casting. The enormous sphere of darkness taking shape in
front of him suddenly lost its form and popped right where it was.
“Ugh! I-Impossible! What the hell... just happened?”
With the spell bursting in front of him, Romeon was struck directly by
its power and staggered. Since it was his own power, the damage wasn’t
terribly severe, but the shock to his spirit from his use of savage names was
considerable. Liliana, who was watching the fight from behind Suimei,
realized what was happening and spoke up with a surprised expression
plastered to her face.
“That was... when I...”
“Phenomenon Mixer. At the point in time where it’s determined a
physical phenomenon will occur, it contains the potentiality of all the events
that could possibly occur, along with their processes and results. Things will
flow naturally from there towards the most probable outcome, which is

what will come to be. But when a mystical phenomenon becomes involved,
then that outcome becomes unstable. When applied correctly, you can use
that mystical law to your advantage, especially against bland magicka that
can’t be properly controlled.”
Using fundamentals of magicka theory, Suimei had used the
confrontation between magickal forces to destabilize the result of the spell.
The magic that Liliana used against Suimei’s magicka once before made
use of the same principle. It was a technique that manipulated a spell with
one that had similar components. It would destabilize the outcome to the
advantage of the interloping mage.
“Give it up, Mr. Librarian. You—who cannot use powerful magic
without relying on savage names—have no chance of winning, right?”
Suimei was declaring that his victory was inevitable. In response,
Romeon’s shoulders drooped like he was giving up. But to the contrary, he
had no intention of surrendering.
“...Then I guess I don’t have a choice. I didn’t want to have to do this...”
As he muttered to himself, Romeon once more began radiating dark
energy, but this was far more powerful than before. Also, unlike before,
Romeon acted without regard for his own safety or being. He let himself be
swallowed entirely by malice, and his body transformed into something
monstrous. His elven silhouette was now nothing more than a black shadow
with an eye and mouth attached to it. It was just like the sinful figure... No,
it was more like the sinister being that was its original form.
“It was the same when I came here, but somehow this is always the
general pattern...”
Watching the black monster come into being before him, Suimei could
only look on in a bit of astonishment at Romeon’s withered spirit. Certainly
when people found themselves at a disadvantage, it was normal for them to
call on tremendous power. But seeing where that had taken Romeon—the
monstrous form he’d taken that was no longer human—Liliana worriedly
called out to Suimei.
“Suimei!”
“That’s the fate of those who are swallowed by the darkness. Look
closely and burn that image into your mind, Liliana,” Suimei warned.
“Suimei Yakagi. You seem awfully calm, but do you have a spell to
defeat that thing?”

“Wha...?! Where did you pop out from?”
“What? I just came through that hole like everyone else.”
Hearing Rogue say that as though it were completely trivial, Suimei
began to realize just how frightening this man standing next to him was. He
had no idea whatsoever when Rogue had appeared. Suimei figured he’d
probably come up to him while he was talking to Liliana, but he couldn’t
say for sure. It was entirely possible that Rogue had been standing there the
entire time. But since there were more pressing matters at hand, Suimei
collected his thoughts and turned back to Romeon.
“...It’ll take a bit of time, but I have magicka that can defeat it.”
“Very well. Then I will buy you the time you need.”
Leaving the rest to Suimei, the imperial swordsman turned away and
dashed towards their mutual opponent. Suimei only had words of praise for
his fighting style. Avoiding the waves of dark power Romeon was throwing
around, Rogue kept up his own offensive without getting in Suimei’s way.
“Scurrying around like a pest!”
An irritated voice that grated their ears filled the air, and Rogue’s figure
suddenly disappeared from sight. He was still fighting, but all that could be
seen of him was a blur. Once in a while, he would appear here or there with
a surge of tremendous fighting spirit. It was like a mirage, except instead of
coming from the heat, he appeared to be emerging from his very own
shadow. It was the special technique of one of the Seven Swords, the one
known as the Sword Master of the Lonely Shadow. It was an exquisite skill
that made his existence difficult for others to detect or comprehend. He’d
boldly carried out many an assassination with the help of those mirages.
This was nothing new to him. He appeared to be in his element, and quite
safe from Romeon’s attacks. That left Suimei free to chant without worry.
For a moment, he even looked up towards the stars.
“Intra velum. Noctis lacrimarum potestas. Insigne Olympus et terrae
pingito. Infestato ad irrationabilis veritas. Caecato, pluvia incessabilis. Ea
qui lugent sunt vitium. Ea qui fatentur sunt bonitas. Omne perveniunt ex
luce supra tumultum, ex coruscis stellis.”
[Beneath the curtain. The majesty of the tears shed by the night. Colored
by the symbol of heaven and earth. Infest towards the irrational truth.
Dazzle, incessant rain. Those who lament are evil. Those who confess are
virtuous. Everything comes from that light beyond the chaos, from the

twinkling stars.]
In the midst of chanting his spell, Suimei could hear Romeon’s laughing
voice. That broken, loud laughter was proof of Romeon’s consciousness
weakening. It was a mad, maniacal cackling. He believed that he would be
victorious beyond a shadow of a doubt...
However, even this blinded man would soon come to see. An enormous
magicka circle covered the sky. Its dazzling glint that shone down on them
took form from the starlight in the heavens. Yes, he would come to see the
radiance of hope.
Before long, everyone aside from Romeon fell dead silent as the
moonlight vanished. Sensing the great power in the heavens, Rogue
retreated from the front line. Liliana, who was standing behind Suimei, was
completely ignoring Romeon as she stared into the sky above completely
dumbfounded. Then even the sky itself became unseeable as a countless
number of comets took form.
“Enth Astrarle!”
[Oh starry sky, fall!]
With Suimei’s keyword, the imperial capital was swallowed by the light
of the torrent of raining stars. In the bath of astral light, all evil that was
present and all spells that had authored it were reduced to nothing. When
the radiance finally died down and the vacant lot fell dark once more, the
withered figure of Romeon lay motionless on the ground. Suimei drew
nearer to the body of the man that had once been the librarian and reached
out to touch it. Rogue sheathed his sword as he walked over as well.
“Is he dead?’
“He’s alive. But not...”
Romeon was indeed alive, but after being swallowed by malice and then
by the brilliance of astral light, it was a petty distinction. His heart was still
beating, but he could not think, much less move. The moment he’d taken in
that malice like a breath of fresh air, his fate was sealed. As such, Liliana
was puzzled when Suimei began using magicka on him.
“What... are you doing?”
“Hmm? Oh, there’s just a little something I want to examine.”
When he was done, Suimei let go of Romeon. Liliana then turned to
Rogue.
“Colonel...”

Liliana’s left eye was filled with sorrow and anxiety, but nevertheless,
she called out to Rogue like she still had lingering affection for him. Rogue
turned his back on her. And then, as expected, he spoke in a cold tone.
“Liliana, you should go along with that man.”
“Colonel, that’s... What do you...?”
Following up on Liliana’s bewilderment, Suimei raised a question of his
own.
“What about taking responsibility?”
“Liliana was being manipulated by that man, right? In that case, there is
no such responsibility for her to take.”
Rogue’s tone was severe as usual, but the words he spoke in that stern
voice were completely unexpected to Suimei. Deep down, Rogue must have
never wanted to kill Liliana in the first place.
“Then what do you intend by telling her to go with me?”
“Nothing more than what I said. It just means I will leave Liliana in your
care.”
“But Liliana is your...”
Before Suimei could finish, Rogue shook his head as if he didn’t want
Suimei to say it.
“No. I have no right to stay by that child’s side after trying to kill her
with my own hands.”
Hearing that, Liliana yelled out to him in a flustered voice.
“C-Colonel! I don’t... really...”
“Liliana, this is my way of taking responsibility. Instead of believing
you, I betrayed you. I don’t have any right to call myself a parent anymore.”
Liliana was at a loss for words as she listened to Rogue denounce
himself.
“It is not something that I should be saying, but I feel it would be alright
to entrust you to the one who protected you until the end.”
And with that, Rogue turned away from them both and started walking.