Suimei saw loneliness in his uniform-clad figure as it moved further away.
He then called out to Rogue once more.
“Where are you going?”
“I have a duty to attend to.”
In the face of Rogue’s tragic determination, Suimei sank into silence.
Rogue, with his back still turned, then continued.

“Suimei Yakagi... I may not be in a position to say such a thing anymore,
but... please, take care of that child.”
There was nothing Suimei could do to stop him. Any objection he
raised, even if he shouted, would only pale in the face of Rogue’s stalwart
resolve. So instead, Suimei simply nodded and said that he understood. He
could see the faintest smile on Rogue’s stiff face as he glanced back over
his shoulder. He then began walking off into the distance again.
“Colonel!”
A young voice chased after him as he left, but it didn’t stop him.
Contrary to the young girl’s desires, he never looked back. He simply
pressed forward to face his own responsibilities. But just as he didn’t stop
walking, Liliana didn’t stop calling for him.
“Colonel! Wait, please wait...”
Liliana fell to her knees as she watched Rogue’s figure grow smaller in
the distance. But because she understood how Rogue felt, she was unable to
follow after him. But she couldn’t just let him go. Her attachment to him
wouldn’t permit it. And so she raised her head. She mustered all of her
courage, and...
“D... Da... Dad!”
It must have been the first time she ever called him that. As her voice
tugged at his paternal heartstrings, Rogue stopped in his tracks. Liliana’s
voice was calling him—her father. But slowly, surely, he put one foot in
front of the other again. He didn’t even allow himself to look back. It was
as if to say this would be his punishment.
★
The conflict between Felmenia’s party and Graziella’s, which started in
the city streets, had moved all the way to the imperial capital’s northern
plaza and fallen into a deadlock. Currently, the battlefield was split into
northern and southern sides, and was nothing more than a volley of spells
shot from either side. Felmenia was the one who’d started firing first, but
Mizuki and Titania joined in with magic of their own shortly thereafter, and
that was how things had reached this stage. Everyone aside from Reiji and
Elliot was keeping their distance from that invisible line in the middle of the
plaza as they fought.

The plaza resounded with choruses of chanting and bursts of destructive
explosions. The laid brickwork was shattered to pieces here and there,
sending shards of bricks into the air. The darkness of the night was
illuminated by the scattered embers left over from the burning fire magic. In
the midst of soldiers and mages flinging all kinds of spell at each other,
Titania hurled orders at the knights.
“Keep firing, everyone! Do not relent! Luka, take care of defensive
magic! Roffrey, aim for the front line!”
Evading and defending against the incoming spells repeatedly while
inching forward ever so steadily, Titania urged her troops to advance. Firing
a spell of her own, Mizuki drew nearer to Titania.
“Tia! Are you sure you don’t want me defending?!”
“Please leave that part to us! Just keep doing as you have been, Mizuki!
Keep using your fire magic spells to break up their formation!”
“Okay!”
Following Titania’s command, Mizuki gave a confident nod and once
more began tossing fire spells towards the enemy soldiers. Although, as one
would expect, she could not help but restrain herself so that she wouldn’t hit
any of them directly. Similarly, the enemy soldiers and mages were refusing
to use wide-area spells due to Titania’s presence. But because they knew of
Titania’s abilities as one of the Seven Swords, no one was anxious to
advance on her and enter combat either. And on top of all that, the knights
gathered around her formed a firm defensive shell to protect her.
In the midst of everything, water magic came flying at Mizuki, who was
still slinging fire magic at the enemy.
“Whoa!”
Mizuki dodged the aqua bullet and immediately looked in the direction
it had flown in from. Elliot’s attendant Christa had separated from him and
set Mizuki in her sights. And it was only a matter of seconds before she
began chanting another spell.
“Oh Water! Thou art a savage mass of liquid that shall fire forth. Aqua
Bullet!”
“Oh Wind! Thou shall become a firm shield to protect me! Repel
everything before that severe vortex! Vortex Obstacle!”
To defend herself from the many water bullets flying towards her,
Mizuki chanted a protective spell. Air from all directions poured in to form

a vortex in front of her. As the water bullets met the vortex, they were
dispersed and flung away. However, Christa paid it no mind and showed no
hesitation in unleashing another barrage of watery bullets.
“W-Wait! How dare you fire so many at me?!”
“You should expect no less! I am one of El Meide’s high-ranking magic
priests—Wha?!”
As Christa was in the middle of responding to Mizuki’s complaint,
Mizuki fired off a flaming spell without any chant that evaporated all of the
water bullets at once. The flames splendidly exploded as they slammed
against the ground.
“Sorry! I can’t really go easy against strong people!”
“As one would expect of a companion for the hero of salvation, you are
quite capable.”
“Yeah! Thanks for the compliment.”
The two girls exchanged praise on the battlefield like admiring rivals.
Looking at them, Titania let out an exasperated sigh during a spare moment
between chants.
“Why did they get so friendly...?”
Really, it was only Mizuki. Felmenia and Graziella’s fight showed no
sign of reaching a conclusion as they matched each other offense for
defense in the ebb and flow of battle. Graziella’s earth magic fired forth
from the south end of the plaza, and Felmenia met it with magic of her own.
As she chanted her spell, a magicka circle rose from her feet, the light of
which constructed a wall of mana around her. Not a second later, the
tsunami of earth and sand Graziella sent over assaulted her. But after it
settled down, Felmenia was standing there completely unharmed.
“As expected of the White Flame Felmenia-dono. This level of magic is
absolutely nothing to you, is it?”
“Of course not. I am still the mage representing Astel, after all.”
Felmenia boasted fearlessly in a bid to cheer herself on. At present, her
battle with Graziella consisted mainly of her defending against the magic
Graziella was firing off without end, like she was trying to restrain
Felmenia from advancing at all. Even though Graziella specialized in hand
to hand combat, she wasn’t driving this battle into close range. If she did so
carelessly, she would end up with her back exposed to one of the Seven
Swords, after all. Though Titania herself had no intention of using a sword

in this fight, nobody had any way of knowing it.
Moreover, in the center of the battlefield, Reiji and Elliot were having
their own fight without turning to look at any of the magic flying around in
their vicinity. If anyone carelessly entered melee and got caught up in their
fight, they may end up creating a major opening for their opponent. As
such, everyone else was hesitating to get closer to fight.
Felmenia shot out magicka with a short chant.
“Oh Fire! Soar!”
“It’s been nothing but magic without any feeling all this time...”
Watching Felmenia casting yet another spell to restrain her, Graziella
voiced her disappointment. Felmenia had only been attacking halfheartedly
all this time. Graziella must have felt like she wasn’t even in a fight at all.
Her body was in a state where it was filled to the brim with mana as she
received Felmenia’s flame head on. It struck her directly, but despite the
fact that she didn’t even put up a defensive spell, not even her clothes were
so much as singed.
As I suspected, with this level of magicka, there is no effect at all on Her
Imperial Highness, I see...
Felmenia was weighing the situation. She was trying to figure out what
level of power was required to make Graziella serious. And as she’d
expected, simply trying to hold her at bay wouldn’t do the trick.
Then it is about time...
In preparation to play her ace, Felmenia turned her attention to Reiji and
Elliot. What she was concentrating on was not how their battle was
unfolding, however. It was Elliot’s magicka.
★
What resounded in the air was not the sound of metal clashing violently
against metal, but something more akin to the clear clanging of a
metallophone. Their swords were striking against each other, certainly, but
all anyone could hear was a high-pitched buzzing in their ears. In the plaza
filled with the chaotic sounds of rampant destruction, it was the one that
lingered the longest in the air. Naturally, the only ones engaged in such
combat—jumping around the battlefield with swords—were Reiji and
Elliot.

Only the two heroes were fighting in the middle of the magical volleys
without concern for the division of the plaza into north and south sides.
Reiji was in his uniform with his sleeves rolled up, while Elliot had already
donned his armor and was perfectly prepared for battle.
Suddenly, Elliot cast aside his shield and took his sword in both hands.
With that, he stopped Reiji’s incoming blade. Reiji wasn’t sure what he was
thinking, but after locking swords with him, a muffled voice reverberated
from deep within his bucket helmet.
“I did not think that I would end up fighting against another chosen hero
like myself.”
“I can’t say I anticipated this either.”
Since he was putting all his strength into his sword, Reiji’s voice was
somewhat strained. Then for some reason, the strength Elliot put into his
sword weakened. Elliot then spoke up, sounding like he was smiling
beneath his armor.
“It seems that you are at the level of an amateur swordsman who only
started learning, but as expected, you are remarkably strong. You have quite
the knack for it.”
Reiji was a bit puzzled to hear Elliot speak to him so casually, and
questioned him accordingly.
“What do you mean by that?”
“Nothing. It’s just that I haven’t spoken much with you. I thought it
would be nice to chat a bit.”
“I really don’t think this is the kind of time for chatting.”
“No? If you don’t talk when you have the chance, you may just find
yourself regretting it. It is my belief that I should take the time to properly
speak with those that I have the opportunity to... though it requires patience
to talk with a man.”
Reiji wasn’t sure if that last part was a lie or not.
“Elliot, I heard you are the hero summoned by the Holy State, so why
are you doing what her Imperial Highness Graziella tells you to? As a hero,
there is no need for you to follow the orders of an imperial princess.”
“This is just a one-time thing. I took her on in a match and lost, you see.
I have to keep my word.”
“Though you say that, I feel like you’re not very motivated.”
Hearing this, Elliot replied with a dumbfounded yet somewhat amused

voice.
“No? That wasn’t my intention.”
“That’s a lie.”
Elliot laughed and quit playing dumb.
“You just may be right. In truth, I do not enjoy bullying a little girl. I
may just be holding back unconsciously.”
He must have been referring to Liliana. While Elliot had eased up on his
attacks, Reiji looked to the side. Elliot’s attendant mage Christa seemed to
be fighting against Mizuki one on one now as well.
“Could it be... that you know the truth behind this case?”
“No, I do not know the truth. But there is no way that a man who holds
such passionate rage would take part in acts of evil without a reason. Any