“So you don’t care if I act freely now, right?”
“With that level of ability, I do not have any reason to complain.”
And so it was settled. As Titania went to pick her swords back up, she
looked at Suimei with a somewhat puzzled expression.
“Suimei, why do you hide your power?”
“In my world, it’s the natural thing to do. Old habits die hard.”
“Is that really how it is...?”
Titania made a disagreeable face as though she wasn’t really convinced.

It only lasted a moment, however. Her attitude then took a strange turn.
“I have something that I would like to request of you, Suimei.”
“What?”
“I would like you not to speak of what happened here with Reiji-sama.
Even though it is a selfish request from the one who challenged you, might
I trust your silence on the matter?”
Certainly, she’d fought him in an attempt to force him to do what she
told him to do. Suimei wasn’t going to say it, but the princess had herself—
she was being selfish. Even now. But Suimei had no reason to refuse.
“Yeah, sure. I feel the same way, so it’s fine with me. I won’t mention
our little skirmish.”
However, that wasn’t exactly what Titania was talking about.
“No, not that, precisely. It mean about the fact that I use a sword. Um... I
said I don’t want to talk about it, but... How do I put it...?”
“Hmm? Reiji and the others don’t know how strong you are? Why
haven’t you told them?”
“Th-That is, um... I have a reason for not wanting them to know.”
“What could possibly make you want to keep that from them?”
As Suimei asked her that, Titania’s face suddenly flushed red.
“B-Because, because...! If Reiji-sama considers me to be some tomboy,
he would dislike me, would he not?!”
At her sudden shouting, Suimei stiffened up with a dumbfounded stare.
He couldn’t properly parse the details of what she’d just said. But finally, he
managed to give voice to how he felt.
“Huh...?”
“‘Huh?!’ What is with that idiotic face?!”
“Don’t make fun of me! But seriously... I don’t think he would really
care about that kinda thing?”
“But that’s just conjecture, no? I must keep it a secret! Surely you can
understand, can’t you?!”
Titania’s face, which was pressing ever closer, was dead serious. Was
she really so afraid of Reiji disliking her that she’d go to such lengths? He
felt like she was missing the mark, but setting that aside...
“Well, I don’t mind. I don’t really mean to drag out our previous
conversation, but how can you give me crap about hiding my power after
this?”

“Shut your mouth! I just said I have a proper reason not to tell them!”
Titania was glaring daggers into Suimei as she yelled in response. In a
cool flash, however, her anger turned into something of a perplexed
attitude.
“A-Anyway, Suimei, I have one more thing I would like to tell you.”
“What is this all of a sudden?”
“That magic that you used to defeat me... It is not magic you should use
against a lady.”
“...Huh?”
“‘Huh’ again?! That’s it?! Think about it carefully!”
Titania was piping mad again. Suimei had no idea why she had to get so
angry over it, either. The magicka he’d used was an attack to deliberately
mislead his opponent. After liquefying, he coiled around his target and
hardened. It restricted his opponent’s movements—
After liquefying, he coiled around his target and...
Suimei arrived at his answer, and while turning bright red, voiced his
objection.
“I-It really isn’t anything perverted, damn it!”
“Even if you think so, the person having it done to them will not! First
it’s squishy, then it suddenly hardens... It’s an extremely weird feeling, you
pervert!”
“Don’t say it in such a weird way, you damn tomboy princess!”
As a blushing Titania pointed her sword at him, Suimei quipped back at
her magnificently.
★
After his fight with Titania, by the time that Suimei returned to the
imperial capital, the day was over and it was completely dark. Right after
getting back, Suimei locked himself in a room that was declared off-limits
to anyone else. After finishing his work there, he emerged and headed
towards the living room.
It was there that he found Reiji relaxing. But since Suimei was looking
for someone else, Reiji pointed him outside. Suimei opened the door and
stepped out. Standing in the square between the surrounding buildings, he
stared up at the starry sky. But once his gaze fell back down to earth, it

didn’t take Suimei long to find what he was looking for.
“Hey, Mizuki. What’re you doing out here?”
“Oh, just enjoying the night breeze and a little alone time.”
Mizuki was sitting in one of the chairs left outside watching the moon.
Suimei rustled around in his bag and produced the reason he’d come to see
her.
“Here, your shoes.”
“My shoes, as in... Why do you have those?”
“Obviously, to sniff them like this...”
“Suimei-kun, that’s perverted...”
When Suimei pantomimed that her shoes stunk, Mizuki reeled back.
“It’s a joke, just a joke. Actually, I’ve been hearing that a lot today...
Anyways, these are brand new, you know?”
“Huh? Oh, you’re right. Did you buy these?”
“Well, yeah. Why don’t you try them on?”
Sitting down in the chair beside her, he looked up at the starry sky again.
After he pushed the shoes on her, Mizuki began to put them on.
“Oh? These are...”
After getting them on and seeing how they felt, Mizuki began to cutely
jump up and down in place. She took a moment to inspect the shoes, and
then turned a surprised face to Suimei.
“I bought new ones and adjusted them.”
“What? Is your house a cobbler’s shop and I just didn’t realize it?”
“Not at all. I just have skillful hands... Well, I used some magic I
learned. I think those should be somewhat better and quite comfortable to
wear, right?”
Suimei flashed an impish smile. The shoes he’d just given her were ones
he’d worked on in the off-limits room: his magicka laboratory. After he’d
heard that Mizuki was down because she’d worn out her good shoes, he’d
hastily used magicka to improve some ready-made shoes so that they’d be
more comfortable to wear and last longer. Mizuki threw both her arms in
the air in admiration.
“Amazing! Suimei can already handle magic so well!”
“‘So well,’ you say... Can’t you also do all sorts of things like this?”
“I can’t use that kinda handy magic. I prioritized learning magic that
was useful in battle, after all... But that’s not the case for you, Suimei-kun,

right?”
“Heh, in order to live comfortably, I don’t hold back on principle.”
As Suimei joked around, Mizuki sat back down in her chair and revealed
a gentle smile that suited her perfectly.
“That’s just like you, Suimei-kun. Oh, and thanks for these.”
“It’s nothing.”
Suimei replied as he raised his hand lightly. With this, her journey
should be at least a little easier.
“Um, actually, Suimei-kun...”
Then Mizuki turned to him with something of a gloomy expression. She
was looking down an alley where there was nothing at all. Suimei realized
the change that had come over her mood, but simply listened patiently like
he always did.
“What is it?”
“You’ve already fought with monsters and demons right?”
“Yeah.”
“When you did, were you scared?”
“I pissed myself.”
As Suimei declared this, Mizuki stood up.
“You liar! Jeez... You’re just a filthy liar. Would someone who’s had a
yakuza’s pistol pointed at him and looked bored when it happened really do
that?”
“What, you still remember that?”
“Of course I do. ’Cause that, back in our world... Those were the most
dangerous days of my life, you know?”
She certainly had a point. In the past, when Mizuki was still suffering
from chuunibyou, she’d picked up a weapon dropped by a dangerous man
and it became quite the disturbance. In the end, Suimei and Reiji came to
her rescue. Reiji had attacked, full of righteousness and zeal, but was
secretly being supported by Suimei’s magicka all the while.
“Somehow, Suimei-kun, even if a monster was right in front of you, I
feel like you’d just be completely calm. You’ve sorta been like that since
way back, you know?”
“Well...”
Suimei gave a vague reply, but she was right on point. When they’d first
met, Mizuki had noticed that unflinching aura about him—it was part of his

immaturity as a magician. Thanks to that, they’d ended up becoming
friends, however. And looking closely at his friend now, he could see that
her expression had become quite serious.
“But you know... I was scared. That was also the case with the normal
demons, but before the stronger demon, I couldn’t move at all.”
“Well, yeah. Wasn’t that guy a demon general?”
A girl who until recently was just a normal student couldn’t possibly
stand against Rajas. Even Suimei who had a fair amount of experience with
fighting faltered when he first faced the demon general. But Mizuki shook
her head. She couldn’t accept that answer.
“Just a little more, if only just a little more... If I’d been able to use my
magic, the fighting may have ended right there. Though Reiji-kun defeated
him right after...”
“That’s being a little selfish. You stood against a demon general, didn’t
you? That’s more than enough.”
“But when it was all over, they got angry at me.”
“They may have been angry at the time, but I think that deep down, they
all thought you were amazing.”
“...Really?”
“Really. That’s why you have nothing to worry about.”
Suimei laughed off Mizuki’s worries, telling her it was just needless
anxiety. She then looked wistfully up into the night sky.
“Suimei-kun, just what is courage?”
“Hmm...? Wait, no, no, no, no! What is this?”
“Jeez! I’m being serious here!”
“Aaah, okay. I totally thought you’d relapsed or something...”
“You know that’s not what it was! Jeez... This is a fantasy world. A
world where you really need courage to get by. That’s why I’m asking. Is
that so hard to understand?”
“...Yeah, okay. But let me pose a counter-question: how am I supposed
to answer something like that? Why don’t you go ask a real-life manga
protagonist? Like Reiji, or, you know, Reiji.”
“Because I felt like asking you. You’ve had to go through dangerous
things since coming here too, right? That’s why I thought you’d know
something about it.”
“You sure say some incredible things. But really, I’m mostly acting out

of manly pride, you know?”
“What’s with that?”
“A woman wouldn’t understand.”
“Ugh, you... Why do you only reply with those mean answers?”
As Mizuki was pouting and puffing out her cheeks, Suimei let out a
laugh and then a sigh. He then turned to look at her.
“You... Do you want courage?”
“Yeah, I do.”