painful experience.”
“A painful experience? And just what do you plan to do?”
“If you’re injured, you will be unable to continue your search yourself.
You’ll be forced to leave it to White Flame-dono.”
“You really are violent...”

“I will not apologize. This is the duty that I must bear, after all.”
The light in Titania’s eyes turned cold. It was intimidating, but perhaps
due to that change, she blinked. In that brief moment that was not even a
second long, Suimei suddenly disappeared from her sight.
“Wha—?! Where?!”
Suimei vanished the instant she cooled her spirit. Looking for the
missing boy, Titania turned to her left and right. Still, however, he was
nowhere to be found. Only his voice reverberated in the air.
“You’ve misread the situation, little princess. Was it not a little early to
declare the outcome?”
“Where are you?!”
“Right here.”
Compared to before, his voice was now filled with determination as it
rang through the air loud and clear. As it did, multiple explosions burst forth
from beneath the earth around Titania, strong enough to overturn the
ground. While maintaining her stance, Titania leaped forward and landed
behind Suimei. He was now wearing a black suit that she wasn’t familiar
with. For some reason, his right arm was extended like he’d just finished
snapping his fingers.
Looking at Titania’s face, which was seized by shock, Suimei quietly
took a breath as he resigned himself... The bad aftertaste of using magicka
on a friend who wasn’t even a magician lingered in his mouth. It was as if
he was holding that feeling deep in his heart so he would never forget.
Unless something terrible happened, it was something he’d already decided
he would never do. But he had to step up to the plate here in order to take
responsibility for the people he’d taken into his care. He couldn’t quit here.
And so, he flipped up his coattails.
“So be it. I will also name myself before you, little princess. I am a
fellow of the Magician’s Society, the magician Yakagi Suimei.”
And with a thunderous roar, their surroundings were swallowed by his
powerful mana.
★
Now that Titania thought back on it, this young man’s actions were
always full of mystery.

Due to an accident with the hero summoning ritual, he was one of two
people summoned other than the hero. Not only that, he was the one who
refused to accompany his friends on their journey. He said that he wanted
no part in any such dangerous undertakings—a completely selfish and
willful statement. He said time and time again he had no reason to bend to
arbitrary requests. Normally, it should not have been strange for his friends
to condemn him for this, but unexpectedly, Reiji and Mizuki’s trust in him
had never wavered. Titania had never once heard them speak ill of him.
But even this she could understand. Though he’d been abrasive, they
were very familiar with Suimei’s disposition. They were his friends, after
all, and wouldn’t hold something like that against him. However, Felmenia
—who was such a menacing and serious person—had ended up getting
involved with him at some point when Titania wasn’t looking too. Even her
father, King Almadious, who Suimei had once slandered, had put his trust
in the strange boy from another world. On top of all that, he’d chosen to
leave the safety of the royal castle and Metel. Along the way, he was caught
in Hadorious’s schemes, yet had managed to escape.
And now in a foreign country—not to mention it was a foreign world for
him in the first place—he’d managed to set up a base. He was even
sheltering a young girl who was being pursued by the imperial army. Each
and every new thing she learned about him was completely mysterious. But
even then, he seemed to gain the trust of everyone he met.
Perhaps that fact was one of the threads guiding Titania, but she could
not understand just what was happening in front of her eyes. The green hills
and blue sky that extended out all the way to the horizon were now
shrouded in a storm of thick mana. And then, in an event that she had never
witnessed before, an outrageous power manifested.
The power, which was interfering with their surroundings, was
terrifyingly strong. The only way she could think to describe it was as if the
world itself had changed. The refreshing wind was now howling and
whipping around wildly due to the influence of the intense mana. Perhaps
because they’d sensed the danger in this place, the birds that were resting in
the trees in the distance all flew off at once. Even the small animals and
insects on the ground defenselessly revealed themselves in order to flee the
area.
And the cause of all this was the young man in front of her eyes: Suimei

Yakagi. He was not letting out his fighting spirit like a warrior, he was
exuding the incredible pressure of extraordinary mana. The power of the
mages she had met up until now... No, even if they somehow all combined
their power, it would surely fall short of what she was experiencing now.
For someone who had just started to learn magic, this was impossible.
“Yesterday, you said that you had just begun to learn magic from White
Flame-dono... Was that a lie?”
“Not exactly, you know? I had Menia teach me quite a bit about the
spells of this world, after all. It’s just that I failed to mention that I was able
to use magicka from the very beginning.”
“But I heard that there was no magic in your world...”
“That was a conversation within Reiji’s realm of knowledge. Because of
the development of science, it went underground and just doesn’t make
itself known to the world at large. But let me assure you, it does exist.
That’s what you’re seeing and feeling now.”
Suimei indifferently confessed his secret. But he had not called himself a
mage. No, he called himself a magician.
“You’re a magician...? I-It couldn’t be... You’re the man in black that
Rajas was talking about?!”
“Now that you mention it, Menia did say that blockhead let that slip in
the end... But yeah, that’s right. I beat down every last one of that lot.”
“E-Every last one... An army ten thousand strong, all by your hand?”
“Seems so. I didn’t have the leisure to stop and count at the time. I was
also surprised when I heard the number afterwards, honestly. Heh heh...”
The man before her eyes began to brag as he let out a strange laugh. It
was not the fearless laughter of one who’d kicked aside a bunch of small
fry; it was like he was ridiculing his own thoughtlessness at the time. He
was laughing at himself.
“...If you hold that much power, why did you refuse to accompany Reiji-
sama?”
“I can say the same thing right back at you, right? With that much
strength, I don’t believe you even need a hero, I gotta say.”
“You did not answer my question.”
As she flatly pressed Suimei for an answer, he let out a snort like he was
not amused in the least.
“I said so before, didn’t I? I want to return to my own world. To go out

and try and defeat your Demon Lord would be moving in the complete
opposite direction from my goal. Get it? So I had no choice but to split up
from you guys and move on my own.”
“Reiji-sama is your best friend, is he not?”
“That’s right. But even though we’re friends, there are still things I will
and will not do for him. Just like Reiji, I have my own desires and
ambitions too. There are people that I must protect. So when it came down
to choosing Reiji’s way or my way, I just chose to follow my own path.”
“That—”
As Titania was about to speak, Suimei pointed a sharp gaze at her like
the tip of a steel blade.
“‘That kind of reason cannot stand on its own?’ Don’t you dare spout
bullshit like that. Reiji heard your stupid story and decided to take on the
Demon Lord for you. I don’t know whether he actually scrutinized the
details or not, but it was something he chose for himself. At the time, he
didn’t even consider my opinion or how I normally reacted in such
situations. So if I stepped in and handled it for him, it would only be
meddlesome.”
His words were certainly true. At that time, Reiji had not once asked for
Suimei’s opinion. He’d decided to take part in the demon subjugation all on
his own. In terms of who’d turned away from the other first, the real answer
would be Reiji. But even then, Reiji had never demanded that Suimei
provide his assistance unreasonably. In that case, it seemed like a very
reasonable resolution that their paths split. Suimei grabbed the lapel under
his coat and put his appearance in order. His polished black shoes flattened
the grass before him as he stepped forward.
“Let’s start over. If you’ll come at me with your sword skills, then this
time I will have you allow me to use my magicka.”
Immediately following his declaration, his mana erupted. A violent
squall was born. It was as if the air around them formed an invisible wall
that was pushing forward.
He’s coming—
The moment that thought crossed Titania’s mind, her body reacted
before she even realized it and she began running. Fighting against the wall
that was impeding her movement, she darted forward on the diagonal as if
to slice through it. She was aiming for Suimei’s flank. She was running at

full speed. The moment she decided her goal was to go around and cut in,
she held both her swords in a backhand grip and kicked off the grass. As she
crossed her swords before her and leaped towards Suimei, who was
standing there defenselessly, he calmly held out his left hand wrapped in
bandages.
“Primum moenia, expansio localis!”
[First rampart, local expansion!]
The moment Suimei chanted his spell, a golden magic circle drew itself
in the air before his left hand. The point of both of her blades collided with
it shortly after. When they did, they stopped short like they’d hit a shield,
and sparks flew every which way like they were rubbing against one.
Titania wondered if the circle drawn using the light of mana in that empty
space was defensive magic. Even though there should be nothing there, the
point of her swords could not advance even a single micron.
“Urgh!”
Due to her leap at full power, she was now in a bad position where she
was completely stalled on the magic circle. In this state, she would be
unable to change her stance. At this rate, if he used that power from beneath
the earth again, she would be unable to defend against while she landed. It
was possible for her to regain her posture from here, but Suimei’s right
hand was already on the move and didn’t seem like it would grant her that.
“Permutato, coagulato, vis existito!”
[Transform, coagulate, become power!]
He chanted another spell just as Titania landed on the ground. The silver
liquid pouring out of the vial in his right hand transformed into a blade.
Anticipating this change as it swung back, he grasped the newly-formed
sword unerringly. As the magic circle vanished, a sharp wind assaulted
Titania from the side. She didn’t really think that he was switching to using
a sword. And meeting her expectations, Suimei unleashed a delightful snap
from his left thumb and forefinger. The ground between Suimei and Titania
then exploded. This was the technique he’d used to blow up the ground
earlier. There was no chant at all; it was a fiendish magic.
“Illustre carmen ad operationem maximam! Armat ad centum et juctim
diducit—invocato Augoeides! Carpet Bombing!”
[Illustrious spell at maximum operation! Arm from one to a hundred and
deploy serially—invoke Augoeides! Carpet Bombing!]

“—?!”
Suimei’s voice put a surprised expression on Titania’s face. Her next
move and all her plans were thoroughly and utterly blown away. In the
empty sky above Suimei, a magic circle had spread out like it was watching
over him. One after the other, Titania saw circles and figures inside them
drawn by mana appearing.
The blue scenery beyond Suimei was completely painted over by the
brilliant magic circles. Titania could find no other words to describe it.
Before this scene that sent shivers down her spine, she was barely able to
breathe, much less speak. Escaping outside of the range of such a spell was
not an option. She had no idea how far that would even be, or how quickly