Chapter 3: Twilight, Dance
As the time for the parade for the Holy State El Meide’s summoned
hero, Elliot Austin, drew closer, the imperial capital became unusually
crowded. The people of the city were bustling with excitement day in and
day out, all hoping for the chance to catch a glimpse of the supposedly
gorgeous hero. Tourists from both within and outside the Empire were
pouring into the imperial capital. The population swelled so drastically that
the inns in the city weren’t enough to accommodate everyone. Even the
cheap lodgings on the outskirts of the city were filled to capacity.
Thanks to the large crowds, local business was booming. The shops
lining the streets were all specially decorated for the occasion. The extra
touches made the streets of the imperial capital appear even more
glamorous than usual. And with things so crowded and busy, it wasn’t
unusual for new shops to spring up overnight if you looked away at the
right time.
The ones recruited to build these impromptu shops were not only the
carpenters, but also the dwarves. Feeling especially motivated, the
craftsmen in town were putting up stores, doing various carpentry, and
creating weapons for warriors inspired by the hero summoning. Everyone
had been hard at work for the past few days with practically no rest.
Even the citizens who treated their businesses like pastimes were
working diligently now. It was as if they had all forgotten about the coma
incidents. What helped, certainly, was the fact that there hadn’t been any
more incidents lately.
But nevertheless, on this particular day in the especially crowded
imperial capital, Lefille was out and about on her own. Going out to play
like a small child... was obviously not the reason for this; she had gone out
to go shopping. After the episode Suimei and the others had had with
Graziella in the plaza, they were hesitant to show their faces too openly in
public. Therefore, gathering information and buying foodstuffs for the
household became her responsibilities.

It wasn’t like the military police were coming over to search or
apprehend Suimei and the others, but they decided to play things on the safe
side at least until the residual excitement of it all had cooled down an
appropriate amount. After stuffing groceries and other goods into her bag,
she picked it up and pushed through the crowd of people. Finding it harsh to
move around while being jostled by so many passersby, she took refuge in
an alleyway to catch her breath.
“Phew...”
Setting down her bag for a moment, she rolled her shoulders and
stretched her back. After checking to make sure that her favorite frilly dress
that she’d bought in Kurant City was unmarred, she gave the ribbon holding
up her red hair a swift tug to tighten it up. She then looked back out at the
teeming crowd of people still pushing and shoving each other with her blue
eyes.
The situation that she and the others found themselves in recently had
suddenly changed. It was all quite bewildering. There was the Goddess’s
oracle, Suimei’s serious injuries from trying to talk to Liliana, even more
injuries from fighting with Graziella, and now, on top of everything else,
they’d even taken Liliana in.
“It must all be troublesome to Suimei-kun too...”
Even if she told him not to push himself, he would act without restraint
until the bitter end. Claiming it was something that he must do, he would
forge on down the difficult path that lay ahead. However, be that as it may,
it could be said that his personality was good for all of them. Because he
was just that sort of person, Lefille was able to go out like this after all.
Even though she should have been letting out a sigh, she realized her face
was frozen with consternation.
“There sure are a lot of people out, huh?”
It was about time for her to get moving. She picked up her bag and set
off down the alley. She took a brief look back towards the bustling street.
After walking a ways, she could no longer see the crowd on the street, but
the din of the hustle and bustle still reached her. Just the thought of having
to enter a crowd like that again was unpleasant. And so, deciding it would
be better to take the side roads the rest of the way, she took the next turn
and bumped into someone.
“Whoops, I’m terribly sorry.”

“N-No, it’s fine, girly.”
As she immediately apologized, a man’s voice came down from above
in reply. He was speaking softly, but Lefille could hear excitement—or
rather restlessness—in his tone. When she looked up, she could sense the
air of completely irrepressible joy about him. A forced smile crawled over
her face. She felt an unfamiliar shiver creep up her spine and stepped back,
but then got a hold of herself and resolved to press onward.
“...Excuse me, but could you perhaps move out of the way?”
“Sorry, but I can’t exactly do that.”
“What? What do you mean you can’t exactly do that? What... What are
you—?!”
Lefille let out a reproachful shout at the actions of the man in front her.
Not only was he blocking her way, he was now moving his hands in a
revolting manner. They were such unpleasant movements that she felt like
she could hear them creaking.
“Eheh, eheheh... Why don’t you come and play with your big brother
here?”
“Big brother...? In what way are you a big brother?! Aren’t you more
like an uncle?!”
“No way. I’m only in my late thirties.”
“That age bracket most certainly qualifies as uncle territory!”
Lefille jumped backwards.
“Now, why don’t you come over here and play with big brother?
Guheheheh...”
The look in the man’s eyes wasn’t normal. He must have been the
pedophile that had been the subject of the rumors floating around the
imperial capital recently.
Ugh... What should I do? This is bad...
If she were in her original form, it would have been simple. But
escaping from the crowd had been a mistake. To think that there was
something even more dangerous than that milling mass of people in a place
like this... If she screamed, would someone notice? Now that she was fairly
deep into the back alleys, the odds of anyone hearing her scream over all
the commotion on the street was quite low. But it was better than doing
nothing. While she was contemplating her options, the man sidled up closer.
“Stop! Don’t come any closer!”

“Eheh, eheh... Come on now. Don’t be shy...”
Now that it had come to this, she had no choice but to throw her bag at
him and use it as a distraction to escape. Internally cursing the small figure
she now inhabited, she took a stance and got ready to throw...
“Wait!”
At just the right time, a ferocious voice resounded in the air.
★
From the sea of people not unlike the crowds at a theme park on a
holiday, Mizuki barely managed to slip away. She stood there with both
hands on her knees, catching her breath. Then, while wiping the sweat from
her brow, she let out an irritated complaint.
“Th-There’s sooooo many people!”
Behind her were the figures of Reiji and the others being jostled by the
crowd and sweating from the stuffy air. Reiji let out a few feeble words of
agreement, and Titania took a seat on a convenient wooden crate and began
wiping her brow with a handkerchief she received from her knight escort.
Reiji’s party had just today reached the imperial capital, and the cause of
their panting and exasperation was the flood of people who’d also just
arrived in the imperial capital. The city was stifling. Tourists, merchants,
followers of the Church of Salvation, and all manner of other visitors had
packed the streets. There was hardly anywhere for them to stand, much less
take a break. Amid the explosion of colors assaulting Reiji’s eyes, Mizuki’s
long, black hair was a rather calming sight.
Blocking the sunlight beaming down on them with his hand, Reiji
managed to shade his eyes as he peered up into the cloudless sky. Up until
arriving at the capital, he’d been delighted with the great weather, but he
now found it rather detestable. He caught a flash of blue hair come into his
field of vision from the corner of his eye. And before he knew it, Titania
began speaking to the fed-up Mizuki.
“This is probably the result of the parade for the hero summoned by the
Holy State, no?”
“If I remember right, the parade still isn’t for a few days, right? What on
earth will this place be like the day of...?”
Hearing Mizuki’s words, everyone’s faces filled with dread. No one

wanted to think about it. The sea of people was one thing, but there was a
much more serious problem looming over them.
“In the end, we couldn’t find any lodgings, huh?”
“I know, right...? Aaah, what to do?”
“If we courteously ask the Church of Salvation, I believe they should
welcome us... Reiji-sama is a hero, after all.”
“Yeah, we’ve always got that card to play! Nice idea, Tia!”
Mizuki was delightedly sticking her thumb up in approval of Titania’s
suggestion. Reiji, however, shook his head.
“Let’s not.”
“What? Wh-Why not? What’s wrong, Reiji-kun?”
“If we use my name like that, the whole imperial capital will find out
that we’re here. I don’t think we’d be able to move very freely after that.”
“Certainly, I cannot deny the possibility that the followers of the Church
of Salvation would spread the word. If we walked around in the middle of
the city, I am sure we would be instantly swarmed. And just like the hero
from the Holy State, they would probably insist on holding a parade for us
as well. Regardless, if it comes to a matter of taking alms or not, perhaps
we should refrain. There are quite a few of us, after all.”
“I’m not so sure about receiving alms either.”
Reiji agreed with the princess on that matter. But in terms of making
their presence known to the public, there was the danger that they would no
longer be able to take action within the Empire. After all, the people
believed that Reiji was responsible for defeating Rajas. Thanks to word
spreading in Kurant City, Reiji and his party were forced to stay holed up in
the inn most of the time. Recalling that, it wasn’t hard to imagine the same
thing happening here.
Moreover, the reason they’d come to the Empire was to check on
Graziella’s movements. There would be some benefits to making
themselves known, but for the time being, they at least needed to act in
accordance with Hadorious’s instructions. Reiji was also personally
interested in Graziella as well.
“Uuugh... Then are we gonna camp outside? We finally made it to a big
city. I don’t wanna camp...”
Mizuki wasn’t being selfish, but she was being unusually whiny. During
their travels, they hadn’t actually made camp all that often. When they did,

it was only when there was no other option for accommodations. Reiji
could understand how she felt. After coming to such a grand city, being
forced to camp outside wasn’t exactly something he wanted to do either.
“Certainly, resting without a proper place to sleep isn’t good for your
health. I think it would be best if we could secure some lodgings.”
“I know, right? But what are we gonna do?”
Both their rest and their duties were important. However, in this
situation, they didn’t have a solution for fulfilling either one.
“Why don’t we try a different district? Perhaps over there...”
As Mizuki suggested moving to a different part of town, the senior
knight—Gregory—grimaced in a stiff expression.
“No, Mizuki-dono, that will not do. Even if there was lodgings available
outside of the main district, such cheap accommodations would be cruder
than camping outside. It would be somewhat unhealthy for Mizuki-dono
and Her Royal Highness.”
“I-Is that so...?”
All Mizuki really heard from Gregory’s stern rejection was one thing:
Dad said no. Feeling somewhat discouraged and hopeless, Mizuki nodded
with resignation and shrank back. As she did, the younger knight named
Roffrey spoke up.
“If we search around the district, I think we’ll at least be able to find a
place for Her Royal Highness, Reiji-dono, and Mizuki-dono.”