“Yes, that’s right. You’re the person who endured Liliana’s strengthened
dark magic, and despite still bearing those severe wounds, you fought Her
Imperial Highness Graziella on even grounds. If possible, I didn’t want to
face you myself. But I never expected it to backfire on me in such a way.”
“Then the one... who gave my location to those guild mages... and also
leaked it to the army...”
“Yes, it’s just as you guessed. It was me.”
Liliana looked at Romeon with fear as she questioned him further.
“Why... did you... use me?”
“No particular reason. It was just that I also found those nobles that you
wanted to do something about to be hindrances. Moreover, above all else,
you hold the power of darkness.”
As Romeon spoke, the power of darkness, the pent-up resentment pulled
from the outside world, swelled up rapidly. It seemed this man was also
able to use dark magic himself. Before long, the dimly lit library behind
him was dyed pitch black. The power hovering in the background began to
stiffen and take form.
“Even though things may appear this way, I have researched the power
of darkness for quite some time. Just recently, I was curious what would
happen to a being that the rich power of darkness sympathized with, and
was just in the middle of investigating it.”
Sensing what Romeon was hinting at, Suimei clicked his tongue with a
displeased look on his face.
“And because of that, savage names came up, huh?”
“Exactly. Using savage names, the power of darkness is amplified,
including the power of its influence. Especially for Liliana, who the
darkness sympathized strongly with already. It could be said that she was
the ideal vessel to carry out both my experiments and my goal behind the
incidents.”
“No... way...”
Hearing Romeon’s inhuman confession, Liliana was deeply shocked.
Far more than she thought she would be. Her shaking hands were firmly
clinging to Suimei, who shot a scornful glare are Romeon.
“Good grief. I already thought you were quite the lowlife, but to think it
was to this extent...”
“For a mage, the pursuit of knowledge is a simple matter of course. You

are also a mage, are you not? You should be able to understand.”
“Hmph. Don’t lump me in with scum like you. I would never go so far
in pursuing the truth that I stray from the path.”
“There’s no need to hide it. You must have also wanted to know what
kind of monster someone who the power of darkness sympathized with
would become, didn’t you? You wanted to know, right? Don’t you just
tremble with excitement thinking about it? HAHAHAHAHA!”
Romeon’s laughing voice became jarring to the ears after being tainted
by the power of darkness. Behind him, the power that was manifesting
thanks to Romeon was sluggishly swaying as it appeared and disappeared...
He was already preparing the space required to summon a sinful figure.
Suimei wasn’t sure, however, if that was his intention or not. As if it was his
last question, Suimei called out to Romeon in a definitive tone.
“So in the end, what did you hope to accomplish by studying the power
of darkness?”
“It’s obvious! If I’m able to further clarify just what dark magic is, I can
save those who are struggling with the power of darkness even now! That’s
why I want to know the depths of the power of darkness! I want to pursue
it! I will take hold of that power!”
“Huh...?”
A bewildered expression floated onto Liliana’s face as she heard
Romeon’s completely contradictory explanation. He wanted to save people
who were suffering. Within the twisted laughter warped by the power of
darkness, that desire certainly existed. There was no mistaking that he
pursued the mystery for that reason, but what he was doing now was
completely counter to his original desire. He’d taken the wrong route to get
there.
Using his own mana as bait, Romeon was expanding the power of
darkness. His sense of reason had weakened. This was a man at the end of
the road after living only to fulfill one purpose, and breaking down in the
process. In stark contrast to before, Suimei now looked at him with eyes full
of pity.
“I see. You’re one of the guys who lost, huh?”
Magicians pursued the truth; they were those who desired the truth
following their own ideals. However, there are those who spent too long
chasing after their own ideals. Following that path, they would touch upon

many mysteries, and as they did, they would be affected by them.
Gradually, their sense of self would become weaker and weaker. This must
have been exaggerated in the case of an elf who naturally had a long
lifespan. The man who was currently enthralled by malice may very well
have started on the right path.
“Now come! The two of you will be covered in sin and die right here!”
Romeon sentenced them to death in a revelrous voice. The sound of
mana pouring out of him took on a wicked roar as it blew violently.
Suddenly, one of the bookshelves on the second floor took flight like it had
been ejected by an explosion. Cutting an arc through the air, it slammed
right into Romeon on the floor below it. However, obstructed by the
darkness coiling around him, the large object did nothing against him. The
bookshelves and the books within it were obliterated and sent flying as
Romeon shouted in the direction they’d come from.
“Who’s there?!”
A shadow appeared from the second floor.
“...I never would have thought it would be something like this.”
Kicking down the railing on the second floor, the one quietly muttering
from above was Rogue Zandyke. Suimei had no idea how long he’d been
there. Even as a magician, he was unable to sense his presence in this place.
Overflowing with fighting spirit, he swept open his military coat and turned
his reddish-brown eyes on Romeon like a blade.
“Colonel...?”
Liliana looked at him in surprise. Romeon, as expected, was still
brimming with excitement.
“Well, well, if it isn’t Lord Zandyke. Just what are you doing here at this
hour?”
“I was chasing the two of them, and arrived here in pursuit... I heard
everything you talked about.”
“Oh, is that so? You have my condolences. You see, the number of
people that must die here just increased by one.”
Romeon pronounced death on them all. He had no intention of allowing
anyone to leave this place alive. Glancing down at the source of the
ominous laughter, Rogue drew his sword. And looking up at Rogue, Liliana
rushed to his side.
“Liliana, fall back.”

“Colonel!”
Liliana pleaded with him, but Rogue was not listening to her at all. He
jumped down from the second floor and called out to Suimei.
“Suimei Yakagi, I will support you.”
“...I look forward to working with you.”
As Suimei replied to Rogue, Romeon readied the power of darkness,
preparing to mow them down.
“So what if your numbers increase by one or two?!”
The tables and chairs in the area were sent flying, shattering into pieces
with a wave of darkness. Romeon hid himself behind a nearby bookshelf as
Suimei, Liliana, and their new companion Rogue took cover in separate
directions.
“What’s wrong?! Weren’t you going to capture me?!”
Bolstered by his belief in the strength of the power of darkness,
Romeon’s movements were sluggish. He poked his head out from cover and
emerged. He then began approaching at a relaxed pace, looking as if he was
trying to decide what prey he was going to start with first. A voice then
called out to Suimei out of nowhere.
“Suimei Yakagi, can you hear me?”
Suimei could hear Rogue’s voice being carried by the wind. It seemed to
be magic to talk at a distance. Suimei used magicka to reply in kind.
“I can hear you. What’s wrong?”
“I have a question. What is the power that elf is using? It is far too
powerful for just the attribute of darkness.”
“No, it’s exactly that. But because it’s far too strong, he’ll end up
summoning an evil existence from another plane. That’s why the source of
the power behind the darkness attribute is flowing out in its pure form.”
“Then I presume it’s bad to come into contact with it?”
“As long as it isn’t prolonged contact, it should be fine. But in the end,
it’s a mass of malice and resentment born of the human heart. I can’t
endorse fighting while standing around in it.”
“Then it will have to come down to striking once, getting some distance,
and repeating...”
“I’ll be going first.”
As Suimei said this, Liliana called out to him from the side.
“Suimei, that’s... a dreadful amount of power.”

“Liliana, it’ll still be easy for that thing to suck you in. Be careful.”
With that warning, Suimei leaped out from his cover. Catching this with
his eyes, Romeon immediately swung his arm and fired the power of
darkness at Suimei. However, his aim was poor and it only damaged more
of the library. Suimei then put his strike magicka into action. A delightful
snapping sound rang in the air repeatedly as the area around Romeon
exploded.
“A smoke screen, huh?”
Suimei’s intention was exactly as Romeon said. And as if he’d been
waiting for that, Rogue fired off wind magic that sucked a great deal of
books into the air. Romeon defended against the incoming wind, but Rogue
soared in, concealing himself among the books. After closing the distance
between them in an instant, Rogue let out a backwards slash. But Romeon
made no effort to avoid it; he simply used the power of darkness wrapped
around his arm to mow down the attack.
“Tch...”
Being struck by the power of darkness directly would be bad. Knowing
better, Rogue jumped backwards in a panic.
“Mea acies est facta invisibilis, sed est instar adamantinum acre, et
demergit meus inimicum in sanguis.”
[My blade is invisibly made, however with sharpness like steel, it
drowns my enemy in a pool of blood.]
Covering Rogue’s retreat, Suimei fired off his magicka. A countless
number of invisible slashes flew towards Romeon, and the power of
darkness chasing after Rogue was cut to pieces. Seeing the power of
Suimei’s magicka, Romeon then took a step back.
“As expected, with one of the Seven Swords and Yakagi-kun as
opponents, I’m at a disadvantage... However...”
Romeon began chanting a spell. Matching his timing, Suimei also began
chanting.
“Oh Darkness. Thou art the one who swallows all existence. Drape
thyself in jet black gruesomeness. With that indefinite appearance, grant
death—an avoidable death—before me! Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto,
Labielalu, Baybaron!”
“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore. Parito colluctatione et
aestuato! Eva, Zurdick, Rozeia, Deivikusd, Reianima!”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment. Give
form to death’s agony and burst into flames! Eva, Zurdick, Rozeia,
Deivikusd, Reianima!]
Suimei and Romeon’s chants completely overlapped. On one hand was
dark magic, and on the other was fire magicka. What they had in common
were the strange, unknown words they both appended to the end of the
chants.
“Dark Embrace!”
“Conluceto! O Ashurbanipalis fulgidus lapillus!”
[Shine! Oh Ashurbanipal’s dazzling gem!]
Suimei and Romeo activated their keywords simultaneously. The
darkness born behind Romeon rushed forward and swallowed everything in
its path, spreading out like a large wave. Suimei crushed the shining flame
in the palm of his hand as explosive flames crowded around Romeon.
Within the library that was shaking with a thunderous roar, the dazzling