through something incredibly difficult.
“Yeah, somehow or other.”
After parting ways with Rogue, Suimei had collected Liliana and
immediately brought her back here. Reiji and the others rushed over to
them. Seeing that Liliana was downcast, Mizuki crouched down and talked
to her.
“Liliana-chan?”
“...Yes...”
“Mizuki, sorry, but keep Liliana company for a bit.”
Leaving Liliana to Mizuki and the others, Suimei began walking
towards Reanat and Graziella.
“You’re sure dressed nicely. Are you related to that dangerous woman?”
Suimei rubbed his chin as he addressed the prince arrogantly. The
soldiers in his company began to stir. They intended to rush out and put an

immediate end to such rudeness, but Reanat raised a hand to stop them.
“I am Reanat Filas Rieseld. You are?”
“Suimei Yakagi. I was summoned as a bonus to that hero over there.”
“Ah, a guest from another world, I see.”
Upon hearing he was summoned together with a hero, he couldn’t put up
a strong front. Seeing this, Suimei handed over Romeon, who he’d dragged
all this way.
“Here. This guy is the true culprit behind the incidents. Take him...
Although, fair warning, he’s not in a state where he can hear what you’re
saying anymore.”
His body completely blackened, Romeon was not even recognizable as
an elf anymore. Seeing this, Reanat knitted his brow dubiously.
“You say this is the criminal?”
“Yeah. He tried to use dark magic, but instead got engulfed in it and met
his fate. The recent incidents were all devised by him.”
“And... you expect me to believe all this?”
“Well, it’s not like there’s anyone who can give you testimony. But if
you do believe me, things would be settled quite peacefully, right? If you
guys accept that this man was the criminal, then at the very least, things
won’t get any more serious than they have, right?”
Reanat began contemplating Suimei’s words. He was surely thinking
about what option before him was best to take.
“Also, I’ll have you leave Liliana in my care.”
“Bastard, do you really think we’d let you get away with that?”
Graziella angrily objected, but Reanat simply nodded his head.
“So be it. If you hand the real culprit over to us, we will let you do as
you wish.”
“Elder brother?!”
“Lyla, we stand before the Shrine Maiden and two heroes. There’s also
the matter of that magic light that engulfed the city.”
“So that’s how it is.”
Suimei wasn’t sure if Reiji and the others had heard all this, but having
heard what he wanted to, Suimei brought the conversation to an end.
“Bastard...”
Having things turn against her in a most unpleasing way, Graziella
glared daggers at Suimei. Seeing this, Suimei shrugged his shoulders.

“Hmm? From the look of things, you weren’t able to give birth to a
devil.”
“...What was that?”
“It’s nothing. If you were able to verify the existence of devils in this
world, you could decrease the entropy in the area; that’s all. You wouldn’t
have lost your ability to use magic.”
Though she didn’t understand Suimei’s fragmented explanation, after
hearing what he said, she seemed to realize just who had planned all of this
out.
“I will be most sure pay you back for this...”
“Yeah, yeah. Sure you will. Next time, I’ll properly beat you to a pulp,
so make sure you come at me prepared.”
With those as his parting words, Suimei walked away. Felmenia then ran
up to him to meet him ahead of the others. In a quiet voice, she happily
reported her victory.
“Suimei-dono! I did it! I was able to do it just as you explained it!”
“I knew you could. I’m glad it went well.”
“Heehee...”
Felmenia revealed a dopey smile as Suimei patted her on the shoulder.
His acknowledgment was all it took to make her that happy. Suimei then
glanced over at Reiji and the others, who were taking care of Liliana and
making a fuss over Lefille. Now that she’d returned to her original form,
they were probably bombarding her with questions. Even Liliana had
completely lost her cool upon seeing her and was shouting, demanding an
explanation and calling her a fraud.
Lefille, meanwhile, was just going along with all of it. Now that he
could at last see eye to eye with her again, Suimei smiled pleasantly.
“It seems you’ve safely returned to your original form.”
“Yeah, thanks to you.”
Lefille showed her gratitude and suddenly embraced Suimei.
“Suimei-kun, thank you.”
“H-Huh? Huuuh?!”
“It’s all thanks to you that I was able to return to my original body. Not
to mention what happened back in Astel... I can’t thank you enough.”
Suimei was quite shaken by all this, but Lefille only continued to thank
him. It was certainly as she said, but Suimei’s mind was in chaos after being

embraced like that. And he wasn’t the only one who was quite flustered at
this turn of events. Though her reaction was slightly delayed, Felmenia
cried out.
“Wh-What are you doing, Lefille?!”
“Oh, no, I... I was just gripped by emotion, and, um...”
Lefille began to fidget nervously as she turned red. She was boiling over
with so much embarrassment that one had to wonder where her normal
gallant self had gone. After a while, Elliot and Christa approached Suimei
and the others.
“To think that you were also summoned...”
“Oops, you heard what we were talking about? Well, like I said, I was
just a bonus. A freebie.”
“Is that really so? Also, did you not say before that I shouldn’t take
Lefille-chan with me because she was small and unable to defend herself?
How do you care to explain all this, then?”
Hearing Elliot’s words mixed with anger, Suimei played dumb in reply.
“Oh, you know... She definitely couldn’t then, riiight?”
“Ugh...”
“I didn’t lie about that part.”
Suimei wore a devious smile, and Elliot put on an annoyed expression as
he bluntly spoke back.
“I really do hate you after all.”
“I don’t care if you hate me. But...”
“Yes, I understand. I will resign myself graciously from the case... It
seems this whole affair has only brought about one defeat after another for
me.”
“Hmm? What, didn’t you lose on purpose?”
“Somehow, you saying that only makes me feel more defeated.”
“Is that so? Either way, you have my thanks this time.”
As Suimei properly thanked Elliot for backing down, Elliot pouted like
he was dissatisfied. Perhaps because he was feeling self-conscious, he’d
turned a bit red in the cheeks. When he was done talking to Suimei, Lefille
addressed him.
“Elliot-dono, you may not be satisfied with how things turned out, but
you should know that I also met Suimei-kun thanks to an oracle from the
Goddess.”

“Is that right? My goodness, just what is going on?”
As one would expect, Elliot didn’t continue to complain about the
Goddess. Instead, he fell silent and shook his head.
“Elliot-sama.”
“Ah, yes. Well then, shall we also return?”
Urged on by Christa, Elliot walked off with her as the two of them
headed back to their lodgings at the Church of Salvation. It seemed that
Graziella, Reanat, and their soldiers were also in the middle of departing.
Suimei then turned to Reiji, who was walking over to him with Mizuki and
the others in tow.
“I really owe you one this time.”
“It’s fine. Don’t sweat it.”
Suimei and Reiji traded a fist bump. And with that, the coma incidents
that had been plaguing the imperial capital and the evening’s battle came to
a simultaneous end.
★
Late at night in a church in the imperial capital, a skinny elven man was
waiting for someone with unmanageable boredom. He’d come to deliver a
regular report. He would hand over the information he’d gathered to his
point of contact. That’s all there was to it.
But no matter how long he waited, his contact didn’t show up. The
skinny elf was quite high-strung, so he made a point to always show up
early for their meetings. So factoring that in to how long had passed since
their appointed meeting time, he’d been waiting around for quite a while.
Naturally, due to his nervousness, he got irritated quite easily. The tapping
of his foot crescendoed to the point he was about ready to kick a nearby
bench, when...
“Is somebody there?”
Suddenly hearing someone’s voice, the elf stopped his foot mid-swing.
The soft voice echoed from deep within the chapel where a statue modeled
after the Goddess stood. When he turned around to look, he saw a
therianthrope nun standing there under the skylight, illuminated by the
moon shining through it. She walked out from its pure light towards the
man, holding on to herself like she was protecting her stole. The elf hadn’t

expected any clergy to still be around at this hour, and stiffened up as she
approached. The therianthrope nun called out to him in a sweet voice like
that of a cat.
“To come to the church so late... Do you have some business here?”
“No... I was just using it a little as a place to meet up with someone...”
“Oh my, is that so?”
As he spoke without really making any sort of excuse, the sister gave
him a gentle smile. Seeing as how he’d come to the church with no real
business there, he was expecting her to be irritated with him. But it seemed
that was not the case. However, this was the first he’d ever heard of
someone having a shift at this hour at the Church of Salvation.
“Um, sister, why are you at the church so late yourself?”
“To tell the truth, just like you, I am waiting for somebody here.”
Her words should have been kind and gentle. She still spoke with the
melodious, purring voice of a feline therianthrope, but he felt a shadow
abruptly come over her cheerful smile. Seeing that slight change, without
knowing why, the elf could feel goosebumps on his skin.
“...What a coincidence, huh?”
“Yes, it truly is.”
The sister’s charming laugh resounded through the sanctuary. Hearing it,
the elf was led to believe that the dark feeling he’d just had was nothing
more than a passing fancy. Then, as if talking to a partner in crime, he spoke
to her with a vulgar smile on his face.
“Hey, sister...”
“Yes?”
“By the way, do you mind telling about who you’re waiting for? You’ve
got me curious, wondering who a nun would have to meet so late in the
night.”
“That’s... somewhat hard for me to admit.”
“Could it be your lover?”
The elf man stepped forward with confidence as he closed in on the nun.
He didn’t usually entertain this kind of conversation, but his boredom had
gotten the better of him. It didn’t matter what it was, he just wanted to
amuse himself and kill some time. And he was sure the only reason a nun
would be meeting someone in secret so late in the night would be for a
tryst.

“That is... Though it is embarrassing...”
Just as he guessed, the sister’s cheeks began to redden.