Chapter 4: Devil
Late that night in the imperial capital, Suimei, Felmenia, and Liliana
were walking around outside. Felmenia, who was sticking close to Suimei,
was observing their surroundings and cautiously voiced her concern
regarding the apparent unnaturalness of what she saw.
“It is quiet, is it not?”
“They probably anticipated that there would be a fight and evacuated the
area beforehand.”
Suimei shared his speculation as he looked around himself. Just as
Felmenia had said, the streets were perfectly still. There wasn’t a soul in
sight. Since there was now a curfew on the city, that much was to be
expected, but Suimei couldn’t even sense the presence of people in the
houses around them. And walking down the empty streets, the sound of the
cold, crisp nighttime wind carrying their voices and footsteps seemed far
louder than usual. Suddenly, Liliana tugged on Suimei’s hand.
“Suimei... That.”
“They’re already showing themselves, huh? That was fast.”
There were several moving shadows in the direction Liliana was
pointing, which was down a road that led straight to the southern plaza. And
sure enough, accompanied by the sound of running footsteps, a lot of
soldiers appeared from the darkness.
“Suimei-dono, will you really be alright with just you and Liliana?”
“No problem. The damage to my astral body has recovered well enough
for this. All that’s left is to catch the target.”
As Felmenia and Suimei were talking, the approaching soldiers came to
a stop some distance away from them. From what Suimei could see, the
soldiers were heavily armed and had come in force. Their rear line was even
a squad of mages standing at the ready. But they only stood there for a few
moments before parting ranks as Graziella, Elliot, and Christa emerged
before them.
“I see everyone came to the party,” Suimei said somewhat flippantly.

“It’s been a long time, hasn’t it, Suimei Yakagi. How is your health since
then?” Graziella responded.
“Thanks to you, my recovery was delayed. It was quite a pain, honestly.
But more importantly, you certainly brought a lot of friends along today,
didn’t you?”
“Considering my opponent, I only made suitable preparations.”
“That’s quite a grand assessment.”
“Quit it.”
Graziella spat out her words like she was disappointed at Suimei’s false
humility. Next it was Elliot who began speaking.
“To think that you were the one sheltering that girl...”
“Is it surprising?”
“Of course. I never would have thought that the person who was
competing with me to find the culprit would be protecting one of the
suspects.”
“Well, that’s fair.”
As Suimei unapologetically shrugged his shoulders, Elliot sharpened the
gaze of his blue eyes as he looked at him.
“So, why are you doing it?”
“It would take a long time to explain, and I don’t have the time to spell it
out for you.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that I’m on my way to catch the mastermind behind the coma
incidents.”
Hiding nothing, Suimei had no problem telling them what he was doing.
But he heard a snort in response; it seemed Graziella couldn’t hide her
displeasure. She wasted no time denouncing his actions.
“How shameless. You yourself are complicit in these crimes, are you
not?”
“Even if I said I wasn’t, you aren’t going to listen at all, right?”
“If you already know that much, it should be obvious.”
As Graziella declared this, her black lined gauntlet chinked as she held
her hands up at the ready. She was implying that it was about time they
start. Her fighting spirit overflowed her body.
“Tonight I will have you thoroughly demonstrate your damned power
for me. You only gave me a glimpse last time.”

“Sorry to say it, but that’s not gonna happen.”
“What?”
Seeing that Suimei had no intention of complying, Graziella glared at
him with a perturbed and somewhat puzzled expression. As she did,
someone casually walked out from the alleyway beside them. It was...
“Well, well, what do we have here? It’s been a while, Your Imperial
Highness Graziella.”
Shana Reiji, the hero of Astel. Elliot in particular looked quite shocked
over his unexpected arrival.
“You’re...”
“Hmph, Reiji the hero, huh? I heard you came to the imperial capital,
but what are you doing walking the streets this late at night?”
“Lately during the day, there are people just absolutely everywhere. It’s
been quite cramped, so I thought I would cool myself off some by taking a
stroll at night when things are quiet. But don’t worry—I didn’t come
alone.”
As Reiji spoke, Mizuki, Titania, and their knight escorts came out from
behind him.
“Your Royal Highness, what is the meaning of this?”
“I simply followed along after being told that Reiji-sama wanted to go
and cool off.”
Titania was feigning ignorance the same as Reiji. Graziella sharpened
her gaze like a blade as she looked at her. This development was far too
convenient. Graziella could sense it was all an act and questioned the lot of
them in an oppressive tone.
“What are your intentions here?” she asked.
“Our intentions? We’re simply passing by. But on that note, just what
are you all doing out here in the middle of the night?” Reiji countered.
“We’ve come to capture that man, White Flame-dono, and that little
girl.”
“That sounds serious. What did they do?”
“Surely you’ve heard of the damned incidents happening in the imperial
capital. That little girl is suspected of being the criminal behind them, and
that man has been harboring her.”
“Is that so? I haven’t heard anything about that. How about it, Suimei?”
Reiji replied in a deliberately loud voice.

“Who knows? I honestly don’t know what she’s talking about. We don’t
have a single clue as to who’s responsible for the incidents, after all.
Unless... Ah, I see. Is that it? You lot couldn’t produce any results, so to
deceive everyone, you’re making us out to be the criminals, right?”
“Well, that’s no good. No, that simply won’t do at all. We can’t have
that.”
Playing along with Suimei, Reiji spoke in an exaggeratedly sympathetic
tone. Watching their well coordinated act, Graziella discerned that they
were both good friends and that they arranged this all beforehand. She
looked extremely annoyed.
“You bastards...”
On the other hand, Elliot seemed to think something was rather funny
and was holding back his laughter. He was apparently rather amused to see
Graziella so stymied. But on the side, Mizuki and Titania were looking at
Suimei and Reiji and sighing in exasperation after witnessing this exchange.
“What can I say? This only looks like two best friends acting perfectly
in sync.”
“Yes, the two of them are completely shameless...”
And it wasn’t just the two of them who thought so. Felmenia and the
knights also beheld this spectacle with suspicious eyes. And once their little
charade came to an end, Reiji turned his handsome and gallant face towards
Graziella.
“I’ll say it loud and clear. Your Imperial Highness, as a hero, I cannot
abide such tyranny.”
“What are you saying? Surely you aren’t thinking of fighting us.”
“Of course. That is exactly what I was thinking.”
Hearing Reiji’s declaration, Graziella looked at him skeptically, but
composed and unfazed.
Her demeanor indicated she had no intention of backing down. Reiji
drew his orichalcum sword from its sheath. The blade shone with a luster
like the afterglow of burning metal, and a metal noise almost like a buzzing
in one’s ears rang through the air.
“My deepest apologies, princess, but until they capture the mastermind,
I cannot let you proceed. If you insist on doing so no matter what...”
“Hmph. Then we’ll have to do so with force, is that it? Will you be the
one keeping me company, then?”

“No, Your Imperial Highness’s opponent will be me,” Felmenia said as
she stepped forward.
“White Flame-dono will? Hmph, that in itself also seems interesting.
You certainly served me my fill the other day, after all.”
Graziella flashed a fearless smile towards Felmenia’s challenge. Though
she didn’t let it show, Felmenia faltered slightly.
“Erk...”
“It’s alright. You’ve got this, Menia,” Suimei whispered to her.
“Y-Yes!”
Encouraged by his words, Felmenia regained her confidence. A fire lit in
her amber eyes as she proudly stuck out her chest. Titania, Mizuki, and the
knights then dispersed. Falling behind them, Suimei and Liliana moved on
towards their destination by cutting through the back alley.
★
After separating from Felmenia and the others by retreating down an
alley, Suimei and Liliana were now running down a different street en route
to their target using magicka to sprint far beyond the capabilities of any
ordinary human.
“Suimei... are you sure about this?”
“Yeah, there’s no mistaking it.”
Suimei was certain of the identity of the culprit. He could think of no
other possibility. Based on everything that had happened so far, based on
the far too convenient circumstances and the information Felmenia had
gathered, Suimei was headed to the Imperial University Library. He’d find
his answer there. At the speed they were running through the stillness of the
night, a structure taller than anything else around came into sight.
“That’s... weird.”
“It’s a type of spell that clears away unwanted people by making them
drowsy. It’s set up so that the people who wander into this area will get
sleepy and go back the way they came.”
“It is like a thinly spread dark veil of stupor... right?”
While listening to Liliana’s conjecture, Suimei approached the entrance
and opened the doors to the library. Greeted by the darkness within that felt
like it would suck him in, Suimei threw himself in of his own will. He was

getting the feeling that the end was in sight.
The only light he could rely on to illuminate his way was the moonlight
shining down through the skylight. Inside the building, everything was far
too quiet. It made Suimei think of the dead silence that fell right before the
appearance of a haunting spirit.
Liliana anxiously cuddled up next to Suimei for comfort and safety. As
he gently stroked her head, he took a good look around the area. None of
the employees were present, which was to be expected at this hour. None of
them but one. Sensing someone’s arrival, a light came on deep within the
darkness of the library. A man with fair skin, long ears, and glasses
appeared.
“Are you looking to use our facilities? I’m afraid the library is closed for
the evening.”
It was the male elf named Romeon, one of the librarians of the Imperial
University Library. And when he realized it was Suimei who’d come in, he
looked quite surprised.
“Oh? Yakagi-kun and... If it isn’t Lord Zandyke’s daughter. If you’re
here at this hour... is something wrong?”
Suimei made no attempt to conceal anything and plainly stated his
intentions.
“I just thought I’d come and arrest the culprit behind the coma
incidents.”