royal castle, you said you did not want to get caught up in any danger. But
now here in the imperial capital, you’re chasing after it by your own will.”
Felmenia’s voice as she said all that in astonishment was mixed with a
light sigh. Her opinion was in line with Lefille’s. And having his lack of
virtue prodded at, Suimei weakly winced.
“I-I get that... But this is about picking my fights, you know? Same as
anyone else, there are times I have to pass, and times that I have to take
action.”
“That’s true, certainly, but...”
“For me, this is one of those times. That’s why I have to go.”
Hearing this, Lefille frowned and added her two cents rather frankly.
“Well, I understand that there are times you have to do what you have to
do, Suimei-kun. But there will be another scolding.”

“Aw, come on, Lefi. Please spare me the scolding.”
“No. It isn’t enough just to be looking ahead. I feel it would be better if
we all discussed it together.”
“Got it. I’ll give you as much time as you want afterwards. At least grant
me that much... How about it?”
Suimei once more petitioned them, and Lefille took a strict attitude this
time.
“Under the condition that you don’t act recklessly until your body has
healed.”
“Okay. Roger that.”
Felmenia then looked at Suimei earnestly and spoke her mind too.
“I would be happy to offer my assistance.”
“Thanks and sorry. You’re a great help.”
After conveying his gratitude to Felmenia, Suimei began tending to his
wounds with healing magicka. As he touched his hand against the affected
regions, a pale green glow could be seen. Particles of light and a green mist
rose to the air. Like he suddenly remembered something, Suimei turned
towards Felmenia.
“Now that I think about it, Menia, earlier you were wary of pursuers, but
you didn’t catch on that the librarian was tailing you?”
“Huh? Oh, no. I did not notice him at all until Lefille did.”
“I also only caught on after he was close enough for me to see.”
“I see...”
Hearing this, Suimei fell deep into thought like he was turning
something over in his head quite seriously. Seeing this, Lefille called out to
him.
“Suimei-kun, what did you mean earlier when you said it would be fine
if it was only Graziella involved?”
“I meant that it’s possible that there are others making their move. I
don’t have any proof yet, though.”
“Who would that be? Is it the culprit?”
“I’ll explain when I’m more sure of what’s going on. Sorry, but please
wait until then.”
Once he’d healed himself, Suimei immediately got up and walked once
more towards the exit of the alley.

★
The imperial capital of Filas Philia was originally built to function as a
fortress city. Because of that, its structure was fairly complex. The city was
divided into districts using the concept of compartmentalization, and at a
glance, it looked like a very well organized layout. Looking closer,
however, it was an elaborate maze of alleys and dead ends. Without a firm
grasp of its design, it wouldn’t be easy to assault. Ancient traps, arbitrary
dead ends that didn’t take into consideration the nearby houses, old
waterways, and other dangerous diversions and such had been left as they
were for a long, long time.
It was a setup which troubled both foreigners and locals alike. The
ramparts surrounding the city were tall, and the exits were located at the
north and south ends. Passage both in and out of the city was severely
restricted at nighttime. Each and every district housed a station for the
military police. Looking at it from another perspective, it could be said they
were all jails.
And all this was also troublesome to the girl who had been forced on the
run with no end in sight.
Just how much time had passed since she donned her black robe and
concealed herself from the eyes of the public? Thanks to the wanted posters
spreading around, Liliana continued to flee regardless of whether it was day
or night through the restless streets of Filas Philia. She was living through
these unpredictable days on barely any sleep and ignoring the condition of
her remaining mana.
To navigate the aforementioned maze of alleys, it was necessary to
carefully choose her route. It would be unacceptable if she carelessly exited
onto the large main streets. It wasn’t just the military police and soldiers
moving around she had to be worried about. Even the citizens were talking
about her and keeping an eye out for her now. If she listened closely on any
given street corner, she could hear them talking.
“The human weapon was the culprit of the coma incidents.”
“She’s on the run in the imperial capital.”
“She may be rampaging in the middle of the city right now.”
With how much people knew about her, a robe wouldn’t be enough to
hide her.

“...”
Liliana recalled what had happened up until now as she looked at the
cloudy sky. About how she attacked the nobles who aimed to overthrow
Rogue, about how she fought with Suimei Yakagi, and about how she’d
ultimately obeyed the tall shadow that night... Was that really the right
choice? Between the fear of being caught and the anxiety of not achieving
her goals, she’d shaken off Suimei Yakagi’s kindness and ran away.
Indeed, Liliana had something that she must accomplish. She had to take
care of what was threatening the person dearest to her. But if she’d just
admitted to her crimes, cast aside her dark magic, and become friends with
him, it was possible that she could have returned to a proper path. Such
thoughts floated through her head.
That night, Suimei had asked if she was really okay with what she was
doing as she continued to use her dark magic. He wanted to release her
from that path. They’d barely ever spoken, but every time they did, she
rejected him for her own sake. But he’d pushed her out of the way of her
own dark magic and taken the damage for her. When she thought back on it,
up until now, she’d never known anyone like him. Even when her dark
power went berserk, he ignored his own safety to save her. And then he’d
smiled.
It was the first time anyone had ever smiled at her. That’s why, as she
recalled the hand that was extended out to her, an indescribable panic
gripped her. A homesickness she’d never known about wrenched her heart.
Because it was probably the last time, too. The first and last kindness that
would ever be shown to her.
“Suimei Yakagi...”
Unknowingly, his name spilled from her lips. It just may have been that
she was praying for him to appear, or a sign of her true feelings. She knew
that this longing that came far too late was regret. Yet still she prayed.
“Fight, Liliana. If you do, depending on the circumstances, you will be
needed.”
“Hngh...”
Those words she’d once heard from the tall shadow tortured her heart
and condemned her. Fight. If she didn’t, she would lose her place in the
world. Nobody would need her. There was no significance to her life other
than her ability to hurt others. She had to be strong. She was unable to

shake that voice. Squatting down and leaning against the stony wall of a
building, before long, the vacillating of her heart came to a stop. The
yearning and pain gripping her up until now had vanished somewhere.
“I am... For the colonel’s sake...”
She must fight. It was just as the shadow said. She who possessed the
power of darkness would never be accepted by anyone. That had been true
from the moment she was born. She had been ostracized by everyone. This
was not just limited to the people in the village she lived in. Even her
mother and father had always looked at her like she was something
repulsive.
After coming to the imperial capital, nothing had changed. No matter
what street she walked down, people still looked at her the same hateful
way. Suimei Yakagi alone had been different. The act of extending his hand
to her must have been an act to get her to let her guard down. After all, he
was trying to catch the culprit behind the coma incidents. That’s why she
must fight. For the sake of protecting the only person who’d ever given her
a purpose—Rogue.
There was still no sign of the tall shadow trying to make contact with
her. After urging her to escape, she’d received no further communication.
They’d probably cut her loose. But as that thought passed through her mind,
she could no longer stop.
“—?!”
While in the middle of thinking of such things, her shoulders suddenly
jumped. It was an extra sense she’d mastered as someone feared by others
—there was someone behind her. It would be bad if she was found. She had
to hide herself quickly. After a short while, the presence had passed and
there was no more attention directed at her. She had not been discovered.
She timidly peeked out of her concealment and observed where she had just
been standing. What she saw there was neither the military police nor
soldiers.
“Dad, Mom, hurry up! Let’s go!”
What came into her sight was a single family walking along
harmoniously: a father, a mother, and their small boy. As the young boy
urged his parents on, the father caught up with him and took his hand with a
smile. The mother watched over them warmly while chasing them, saying,
“It’s dangerous if you don’t watch where you’re going!”

All of them shared a smile. Even in the imperial capital currently
gripped by a crisis, they were all laughing like they were having fun.
“It will soon be the hero’s parade. Where should we go today? There are
street performers on the main street.”
“Dad! Hey, Dad! I want to eat some sweets!”
“Didn’t you just have some back home...?”
“I want sweeeeets!”
“Hmmm, but...”
“Hey, you can’t say such selfish things.”
“But...”
“It’s just the thing to do. When we get back to the street, shall we look
for some?”
“Yay!”
The young boy threw both his arms in the air in delight. The mother,
who was watching this, let out an exasperated sigh, but she definitely did
not show any displeasure on her face.
“...!”
Liliana wanted to run away. This kind of scene was just too far removed
from her. As she turned away, the voices of the happy family behind her
stirred up her heart. She wanted to get away from them as quickly as
possible. If she didn’t, that sight of a happy family that one could find
anywhere might awaken something dark lurking within her.
Liliana ran with all her might, and before she knew it, she came out onto
the main street. It was far too careless of her considering the fact that she
was a wanted woman, but for the moment, it restored the peace in her heart.
She let out a relieved breath. That family wasn’t here. The happy voice
of the young boy, the delighted voice of the moved father, and the laughing
voice of the mother watching over them gently. Amid the chaotic din of
footsteps and the other hustle and bustle of the street, she could no longer
hear them. Her heart was finally at peace. But it didn’t last for long.
“Hey, you in the black robe over there!”
“—?!”
As Liliana turned towards the strict voice, she was met with the sight of
several approaching military policemen. She’d been discovered. As she
groaned internally, one of the military policemen who seemed to be a
commanding officer stepped forward.

“The entire city is currently on watch for someone who’s about your
height and description. Take off your hood.”
“...”