it would fire, for that matter. The magic circles spread out all over. They
easily numbered around a hundred. Even if she just ran, with but a few
seconds to spare, she would never be able to cover enough ground.
There was only one thing she could do. Judging by the glimmer in the
sky, she had to sense the moment the light would plunge down, predict its
path based on the presence of its mana, and then evade on the spot...
And in that rain caused by the mana’s brilliance, just how long would
she be forced to dance? After who knew how long, she realized that,
together with the end of the violent music being played by that magic, the
magic itself had also come to a stop.
“Ah, as expected, you’re quite skilled. Or would it be more accurate to
praise your footwork? To see through all of that and dodge it all perfectly
isn’t human. Frankly speaking, I really have no idea why you even
summoned someone like Reiji.”
The face of the man before her as he boasted was cold and biting. He
seemed to be praising her for dodging all of his magic, but thinking about
the fatal opening she’d left before, she couldn’t feel happy about it.
This was bad. The battle instincts that she’d built up over the years were
ringing alarm bells in her head without end. Suimei’s magic ability and the
spells he used were incomparable to the magic of this world. Its destructive
power needn’t even be mentioned, but the speed of its use and its versatility
were far beyond what she knew to be possible. Perhaps because Suimei saw
the color of Titania’s face while she was thinking such things, he issued an
odd warning.
“I said this to Menia once as well, but the magicka of my world and the

magic of this world simply have different purposes. You’re better off not
lumping them together when you think about it, you hear?”
The man who called himself a magician closed a single eye as he said
this. After a moment, he opened it again. What appeared in the reflection of
his red hot eyes filled with a strong will... was desire. When they spoke the
previous day, he’d said that he saved Lefille. There was also talk of him
saving Liliana. Felmenia said that she admired him and his way of life. Just
what compelled this man who possessed such preposterous amounts of
mana that he could subdue all creation... Just what was it that made him say
he must return to his own world no matter what? Just what was awaiting
him there?
Titania took a good look at the man standing before her. He was always
cynical, playing the comedian, and had a bland appearance, but right now...
Right now, he radiated wisdom. If he’d carried himself this way when he
first arrived, Titania would have believed that he was the hero beyond a
shadow of doubt. Right now, that’s what Suimei looked like to her.
“We summoned someone who had yet to become a hero, and someone
who was already a hero...”
Titania was unsure if her flustered, muttering voice reached his ears or
not. But Suimei Yakagi scoffed at her in dissatisfaction, as if he was saying
he never had any intentions of being such a thing. His eyes looked like they
could pierce through any and all conviction without ever wavering.
“I am who I am. Someone you can find anywhere. Just a magician.”
His words were the signal for the third round of their fight, though to
Titania, it sounded like he was completely bored.
★
After firing off his magicka and refraining from continuing the attack,
Suimei’s fight with Titania was now picking up again. The girl before him
readjusted her stance, and once more unleashed the fighting spirit she’d
demonstrated at the beginning of the fight. Despite witnessing Suimei’s
magicka and overpowering pressure, the fighting spirit reflected in her eyes
hadn’t weakened at all.
Just as he’d surmised before, her swords were very likely made of
corroded silver. It was a material created by using alchemy to treat silver

via decomposition, purification, and sublimation. In other words, it was
melted and reduced using alkahest, had its molecular arrangement modified,
and then was transformed into a material with much stronger molecular
bonds than before. It seemed that this world indeed had alchemy, though
Suimei was doubtful as to whether or not this world was actually capable of
understanding and using a technique like alkahest.
But from what he could see, its inherent mana and its sturdiness were
quite comparable. He could say with relative certainty that even if it wasn’t
the real deal, there was an eight or nine chance out of ten that it was just as
good.
However, the swords weren’t what made her frightening. It was her
technique while she was wielding them. Her ability to manipulate two long
swords was impressive, but what he really admired was her arcing strikes.
Her swords’ absurd trajectories traced curves in the air. He wasn’t sure what
kind of technique could do that, but it was able to cut earth and stone like
butter. It was truly terrifying.
But even then, if they only had tremendous cutting power, that would be
one thing. The difficulty in receiving her strikes was what made her
swordsmanship truly awe-inspiring. When he tried to take her first strike,
he’d foolishly thought he would be able to flick it away. But Titania’s sword
struck on a diagonal and couldn’t be stopped. Without exception. He was
unable to parry, making his style of leaving the sword to its own natural
flow worthless against her.
The moment Suimei misread what would happen immediately after
taking a blow, his loss would be decided. If he blocked all her strikes using
the rampart, it would be a different matter, but in his current physical
condition, that would be quite difficult. Deploying his rampart in all
directions would take far too much time. Even if he got by using a single
rampart in one direction, he would still be open to attacks in the gap
between the ground and his circle, as well as from the sides and behind. A
swift swordsman was basically the natural enemy of any magician. The
instant one stopped attacking or defending, they would unerringly cut them
down.
But Suimei still had a reason he couldn’t lose. His body wasn’t in
perfect shape, but for someone like him who wouldn’t spare his own life for
a worthy cause, that wouldn’t stop him.

Titania skillfully rotated her grip on the sword in her hand. When it
stopped, she immediately closed the distance and lashed out with the silver
blade. It happened so fast that he couldn’t even perceive her exhaling. It
was quite a high level technique, and was always accompanied by the sound
of rushing wind.
Suimei greeted the attack with his strike magicka. In the middle of
striking out, the air in front of her eyes exploded. But it did not hit her. In
the brief instant right before it exploded, she must have perceived the air
warping against her skin. Ignoring the shock wave, she leaped forward and
once more let loose her swift, arcing sword technique.
“Hah!”
The point of her left sword came around on him. If he fell back, it would
be far enough for him to evade. Or perhaps not. The sword in her left hand
was the longer of the two. Counting on evading by a hair’s breadth would
be simply foolish. More than just breaking his posture, he’d have to throw
himself to the ground.
“Tch.”
Clicking his tongue, Suimei indeed evaded the blade aimed right above
his eyelids by the skin of his teeth and rolled to the ground in the aftermath.
After a single rotation, Titania was already greeting him with the next
attack. For an instant, he could see a somewhat dissatisfied expression on
her face. It was as though she was wordlessly telling him that if her strike
had met its target, the fight would have ended with blood pouring into
Suimei’s eyes.
Suimei sensed her pursuit as the sword in her hand rotated and whirled
around. Once more, she slashed at him as she jumped forward. That was
fine. While evading, he had trouble judging whether it was an overhand or
underhand strike, such was its speed.
“Ugh—!”
Striking the ground with all her strength, her body rose up from the
force. With speed that could be mistaken for instantaneous movement,
Titania appeared before his eyes. She then spread out the swords she’d
mostly held crossed in front of her. When she did, a flash of silver light
drew a straight, wide horizontal line in the air before Suimei’s eyes. It was
accompanied by a short whistle from the slash. His only way out was to
judge her range from the length of her swords and the length of her arms. If

she held the same principles as the sword masters from his world, this was
where Suimei would have died.
“Then how about this?!”
With a shout to raise her spirits, Titania practically transformed into a
gale running along the ground. The figure of her fluttering overcoat
vanished from Suimei’s sight. By the time he grasped her position and
trained his eyes on her once more, she was headed straight towards him.
Before he could finish turning his body, he could see Titania’s blade tearing
up the ground.
Titania was running while gouging the ground below with one sword.
Leaving behind a trail of dirt and grass, she was running towards him
without losing any momentum. By holding one sword in the ground and
holding back the other, she was gathering her strength for a strike. In other
words, she was using one sword as something of an anchor. The moment
she lifted it out of the ground, at several times the speed of a normal sword
strike, a slashing attack came towards Suimei.
Without any hesitation, Suimei dropped the mercury katana in his hand
and built up his golden rampart. However, Titania suddenly deviated from
her frontal attack and was now moving as if to strike him from the side. She
was coming from the right. Suimei had given up on determining her precise
location, and he blindly pointed his rampart to the right. Sparks went flying.
He had blocked the attack, but for some reason, he could feel fierce chills
running down his spine.
Promptly obeying his instincts and leaping backwards, the point of
Titania’s sword tore through the air and grazed Suimei’s cheek. Not an
instant later, the next stab came flying in, and she repeated the combination
over and over. The rapid onslaught of interweaving thrusts from her two
swords was relentless. If it had been the work of rapiers, there would be
feints mixed in with the thrusts, but each and every one Titania’s strikes was
intended to kill.
Without overlooking the target of those thrusts, Suimei evaded one
attack after another. And then the thrusts stopped coming. At this distance, it
would be best for him to put up his rampart, get some distance, and begin
using magicka, but... No. Judging that putting up any more defenses would
be a stupid plan, Suimei moved forward. At his sudden advance, Titania’s
face twisted with suspicion. But after seeing him pick up his mercury

katana, her expression changed to one of surprise. But...
“You dare make light of me, Suimei?”
As Titania huffed out those words, the joy of victory flashed on her face.
Faster than Suimei could even prepare his blade, she lunged at him. Her aim
was his abdomen. She was surely planning on striking the narrow gap
between his internal organs.
He had no time to dodge this swift thrust, and he was defenseless. It
would definitely hit. Comparing their abilities and speed with their blades,
Titania was the clear superior. However, that was something that Suimei
was fully aware of. If she wasn’t that good, it would pose a problem for
him. And sure enough, Titania’s blade plunged into Suimei’s body and
penetrated right through it.
“With this, it’s over, Sui—Wha?!”
In the middle of declaring her victory, Suimei’s body suddenly melted
away like water. Without giving her any time to recover from her surprise,
Suimei wrapped the pitch black, coal tar-like liquid he’d transformed into
around her body and hardened it. With this, he stole her freedom of
movement. Titania tottered, tumbling onto the grass. After enduring the
shock of the fall, she looked up to see Suimei standing over her.
“That’s my win.”
“To think you could even transform your own body... You really got
me.”
Titania admitted that much in a vexed voice only after literally losing the
ability to use her hands and legs. Suimei judged that it was safe to release
the magicka around her body based on her tone and the fact that she was no
longer radiating her fighting spirit.
“So?”
“...I understand. I will graciously accept my defeat.”