
show them gratitude for putting in so much work for them. Titania also
stood up, but instead of following after Reiji, she approached Suimei.
“What’s up?”
Even though he asked her that, Titania came closer still. A gentle aroma
tickled his nose. When she was within arm’s reach, she beckoned to Suimei.
As he obediently leaned in, she brought her mouth closer to his ear to
whisper to him privately.
“Suimei, would you be able to keep me company for a bit tomorrow?”
“Keep you company?”
“I have something to talk with you about. It is very important.”
Suimei leaned back again and looked at Titania’s face. Her deep blue
eyes were looking straight at him earnestly; they reflected her seriousness.
He guessed that she had a good reason for asking him.
“...Understood.”
★
Thanks to the great efforts of their knight escorts, Reiji’s group managed
to secure rooms at an inn for three people. After splitting their party up
between the Yakagi residence and the inn, it seemed that they no longer had
to worry about accommodations for the time being. Reiji, Mizuki, and
Titania would be staying at Suimei’s place while the knights stayed in the
inn. That evening, for the first time in a while, Suimei and Reiji were able
to talk just between the guys. The girls also had their own girl talk late into
the night while going nuts over something, though that was mostly Mizuki.
Morning came early the next day.
“I’d gotten quite used to the air in Astel, but the Empire also has a nice
wind blowing through it.”
“Doesn’t it?”
Suimei had gone out with Titania at her request. The two of them had
left the Yakagi residence and were now outside the imperial capital to the
northwest, stretching their legs on a verdant hill. Looking over the
landscape, gently sloping waves of green stretched out before them. Every
once in a while, a refreshing wind would brush gently against the back of
Suimei’s neck.
Standing in a slightly elevated place, Titania brushed her hair behind her

ears, shut her eyes, and savored the breeze. Rather than the dress Suimei
had seen her wear at the castle, she was now wearing clothes that were
easier to move in with an overcoat draped over her outfit. Thanks to its high
collar, he was unable to see her mouth from the side. If anybody saw her for
the first time dressed like this outside the city, they would never imagine
that she was a genuine princess.
Suimei had that sort of impression, but it was blown away in an instant.
Titania suddenly stretched out both of her arms and spread them as wide as
she could. She started to enjoy the air in the Empire in an entirely different
way than before. Suimei guessed it was because she was freed from the
stuffy air in the imperial capital, or perhaps it was because she didn’t have
to keep up appearances here.
From Suimei’s perspective, her current behavior was more pleasant than
usual.
Other than the one horse they’d rode there on, there wasn’t a soul
present except for Suimei and Titania. Titania hadn’t mentioned this to
either Reiji or Mizuki, and unexpectedly, the knight escorts didn’t come
along either. When Titania informed Luka of her plans, she requested to
accompany them, but Titania turned her down. In Suimei’s case, he’d only
told Felmenia and Lefille that he was going out. After a while, Titania
seemed satisfied with the air on the hill, and turned around as she began
talking.
“Thank you very much for the accommodations. To make sure we all
had beds, you even gave up yours for us.”
“I don’t mind. All a guy really needs to sleep is enough room on the
floor. That’s good enough.”
“Oho, is that so? Thanks to you, I was able to thoroughly enjoy my
evening yesterday.”
The tone of her voice was rather bright and carefree. As Titania gently
smiled at him, Suimei casually shrugged his shoulders. Then a change came
over her, and she spoke to Suimei like she was troubled about something.
“Did Liliana seem stiff to you?”
“Yeah. Seeing everyone gathered together, she was in a state where she
didn’t know what she should do. However, Lefille has been taking good
care of her, so she shouldn’t be all that uncomfortable. Besides, Mizuki also
talked to her a bunch. I think she’ll open her heart pretty soon.”

“I see...”
Suimei carefully considered Liliana’s situation for a moment. Even
though it was temporary, her housemates had suddenly increased in number.
It seemed to throw her off a bit. Naturally, due to her penchant for dark
magic, she wasn’t used to being around other people. In short, she was
extremely shy around strangers. Suimei knew this, and it was precisely
because of it that he was worried about her the other night. Somehow or
other, however, it seemed things were working out.
Suimei was quite concerned about her, but a large portion of her care
was left to Lefille and Felmenia. Part of it was because they were all girls,
but one of their other goals was to use Lefille’s spirit powers to expel the
evil from Liliana’s body. Suimei wasn’t particularly worried about the
situation, even after his other friends had shown up. They were all
considerate people too.
“I wonder what Reiji-sama and Mizuki are doing now...”
“They said something about having Lefi show them around the imperial
capital. It wasn’t really necessary to give them a tour first thing, but she’s a
hard worker.”
“Is she now?”
Titania giggled. Raising her hand to cover her mouth as she did, Suimei
caught a glimpse of her elegance.
“So, it’s about time I hear about this important thing you wanted to talk
about, isn’t it? You didn’t bring any escorts and left the other two out of it.
You must’ve had a reason for all that, right?”
“That is correct. We should be fine here.”
In a complete change from her graceful smile, Titania’s face became
much more intense than before. As if she was looking for something she’d
failed to notice, she scanned her surroundings. It didn’t seem like she was
wary of people in the area, however. And as she turned back towards
Suimei, her expression was somehow cold and serious.
“Suimei. I have something I would like to request... No, that is not quite
right. There is something I would have you do from here on out.”
“That’s sudden.”
“I am aware that it is abrupt.”
“You mean to say there’s something you want from me, right?”
“Very nearly... But rather than want, it may be more appropriate to say

that I would like to force you to do so.”
Titania corrected herself while maintaining a calm attitude. She was
putting on airs quite considerably... Or rather, she said such a thing after
thinking about it carefully, in short...
“There’s no real need to hold back. Just call it an order.”
“Then, Suimei, return to Astel immediately.”
Suimei had told her not to hold back, but he wasn’t expecting her to fire
off an order like that.
“...That really is abrupt, huh?”
“Indeed. However, I have a reason why I have no choice but to ask you
to do so. I believe that is easy enough to understand, is it not?”
“Just in case, I’d like to hear it straight.”
“It concerns Duke Hadorious.”
It was just as Suimei expected. Somehow or other, he’d anticipated this.
“At this rate, you will become a shackle to Reiji-sama. That is why I’d
have you return to the Kingdom immediately and stay by my father’s side
quietly. If the king himself makes a few arrangements for you, even if you
return, you would not be treated poorly. If you tell them what’s going on
and accept my father’s protection, even a duke would have difficulty laying
their hands on you.”
Hadorious was picking a fight. If Reiji paid too much attention to the
people around him, naturally his actions from here on out would be
hindered. The lengths he’d gone to to try and save Suimei when he heard
about the trade corps proved that much.
“Well, it’s just as it sounded when you first said it, huh?”
“If you think about Liliana’s case as well, I do not think it is all that
unreasonable a request.”
Titania argued for the validity of her suggestion quite convincingly, yet
Suimei only shook his head.
“But if that’s how it is, it’s troublesome for me.”
“Why is that?”
“I mentioned this in passing to Reiji yesterday too, but I’m looking for a
means to return to my own world.”
Suimei shrugged his shoulders as he once again spoke of his objective.
“So you understand, right? If I do as you’re asking, I won’t be able to
continue my search.”

“That may be the case. However, your search need not be carried out
right away, no? Eventually, Reiji-sama will defeat the Demon Lord. Once
he does, Duke Hadorious would also stop meddling, and you’ll be able to
search to your heart’s content for a way to return to your world.”
“So what’re you saying? I should just wait until then? Wait until Reiji
defeats the Demon Lord and the threat to this world vanishes? How long
will that take? A year? Two? It very well could be five or ten, you know?
That’ll be too late.”
“Suimei, I am fully aware of your circumstances. However, this is
something that is necessary to definitively bring peace to this world.”
“This world this, this world that. How many times do I have to listen to
this? Especially lately, that’s all anyone talks about.”
Suimei spat out his complaint along with a sigh. However, Titania had a
fair amount of consideration for him, and urged a reply despite his rudeness
to her.
“And so, your answer?”
“I refuse. I’m suffering through this because I was arbitrarily
summoned. I have no reason to just drop what I want to be doing in
addition to that.”
“I said so before as well, did I not? That if you continue down this path,
you will become a burden to Reiji-sama?”
“Because of this Hadorious guy, right? I’ll handle things skillfully from
my end. If Reiji is worried about me, just tell him not to be yourself, Tia.”
“Do you think that kindhearted Reiji-sama would listen to that?”
“I have no intention of taking into consideration that guy’s meddlesome
nature.”
As Suimei rejected her rather flatly, Titania let out a troubled sigh.
“...At this rate, we are just walking on parallel lines, I see.”
“Despite that, you’re quite calm.”
“Somehow or other, I thought it would turn out this way.”
“Then don’t you have another hand ready to play? Where’s your trump
card to convince me?”
If she had predicted Suimei’s answer and arguments, then she should
have had something else prepared in advance. There was no way she would
go this far to talk to him, just to have it end like this. Titania then steeled
herself and looked at Suimei firmly.

“If you will not obey my orders, I will have you follow them by force.”
“Huh? Hey now...”
Those words were completely unexpected to Suimei. He thought for
sure she would offer to have someone else do the searching for him. But
what she said was nothing of the sort.
“If you insist on continuing to search for a way to return to your world,
though it will not be quite to the same extent as Reiji-sama, many
difficulties would stand in your way. There will be monsters and demons, as
well as Duke Hadorious. In that case, if you are unable to defeat even me,
you will be unable to search for a means to return to your world. Is that not
reasonable?”
“Sure, but...”
“Therefore, I will fight with you here so that you may prove your
strength to me. Of course, if you win, I will allow you to do as you please.”
“So that’s what you mean by force... It’s certainly violent.”
“Sometimes violence is necessary. What will you do?”