“Since the Magic Institute is located in the Empire, their magical studies
are at the pinnacle of the entire continent!”
Felmenia was flabbergasted. Even after she finished her sentences, her
mouth continued to gape in stammering disbelief. It seemed she was quite
shaken by the idea of challenging someone who outranked her. Suimei
looked at her in slight exasperation and slight disbelief.
“...Didn’t you stylishly talk her down and run away last time?”
“Th-That was what we call spur of the moment! And we’re all sold out
now, so there will be no second time in that department!”
After vigorously protesting, Felmenia’s voice deteriorated into a nervous
whine. Her anxieties were getting the better of her.
“Are you still anxious?”
“...Yes.”
“It’ll be fine. Last time it was definitely quite risky, but now you’ve

studied all sorts of magicka, haven’t you? If you move around just as I said
and give orders to Reiji and the others, don’t worry. You should be able to
defeat her, no problem.”
“I-Is that true?”
“Yeah.”
Suimei returned a cheerful nod to her before continuing.
“Let’s put off the talk about tonight’s battle for later. First I’ll have you
study an important law of magicka theory, mystical entropy.”
“M-Mystical en-tro-py...? It seems like quite the amazing name.”
After hearing something new about magicka theory was involved,
Felmenia’s withering figure took a sudden shift as she leaned forward in
excitement. It was like the anxiety from her heavy responsibilities had
disappeared into the ether. It really showed how much interest she had in
the mysteries of magicka.
“That’s true, but before we start on that topic, first let’s do a review. Just
what is the thing we call magicka? And what are the necessary actions to
use it? Give me the answer. And I don’t mind if you’re brief this time.”
“Very well. Magicka is, so to speak, a phenomenon. Just as lightning
will lead to the rise of a storm as long as the climate meets the
requirements, in short, magicka occurs as long as the laws produced by a
magician fulfill its conditions. It is the lightning and the storm.”
“That’s right.”
“And then, regarding the use of magicka, what is necessary for a
phenomenon produced by a magician to manifest itself includes: the
construction of the spell, the necessary commitment of mana, any
associated gestures, the drawing of a magicka circle, the chanting of the
spell, the use of any relevant magicka items, and finally, the invocation of
another plane. With combinations of those actions depending on the spell
being used, magicka will be invoked.”
Felmenia answered confidently from start to finish, and Suimei nodded
in approval. To create lightning using magicka, say the invocation of the
magicka required chanting the spell and a magicka circle. In this case, the
magicka circle would be the thundercloud, and the chant would be the
trigger for the electrical discharge. It was something that responded to
actions. They authored the manipulation and alteration of matter. Just as
Suimei’s nod indicated, Felmenia had answered correctly. However...

“There is something else that is necessary other than all that. What is
it?”
“For a single magicka using those actions, it is necessary to follow the
determined processes and dedicate the determined amount of time.”
“Exactly... Mm, in terms of the use of magicka, there are no problems.”
As Suimei gave another satisfied nod, he began pacing like he was
pondering something.
“Next is... something for reference. The act of using magicka, in general,
is by definition something far detached from common sense.”
“What? The use of magicka is... something that is detached from
common sense?”
“That’s right. Well, the people of this world wouldn’t really agree, but
please think of it in that way.”
“I see...”
Hearing this, Felmenia knit her brow furiously. In Suimei’s world, it was
something completely ordinary, but it was quite understandable that
Felmenia was not so convinced.
Because the amount of knowledge the people of this world accumulated
was still quite shallow, they had yet to properly distinguish between
physical laws and magickal laws. That’s why a law like “an apple released
from one’s hand will fall to the floor” and one like “if one performs a chant,
magic will occur” were taken at the same face value here—common sense,
as it were. But for what he was about to say, being able to perfectly
understand that distinction was absolutely necessary.
“Now then, it’s about time we move on to the main topic of mystical
entropy. From now on, I’ll just abbreviate it to entropy. It is something that,
in a determined place, mixes together ‘the components that establish
mystical laws’ and ‘the components that establish physical laws,’ and
renders them into a jumbled state. Well, that’s the standard definition with
regards to magickal theory.”
“O-Oh...”
It didn’t seem that Felmenia quite understood. But regardless, Suimei
continued his explanation.
“First, let’s touch upon the ‘the components which establish physical
laws.’ Since you do not know of science, an easy way to put it for you to
understand would be the cause of any phenomenon other than phenomena

caused by magicka. It is a force that cannot be directly observed with your
eyes.”
“Something that cannot be seen, you say?”
“That’s right. It may be best to imagine what this world generally calls
the Elements. Next are ‘the components which establish mystical laws.’
This one is just as it sounds. In complete opposition to what I just explained
to you, they are what cause mystical phenomenon brought about by
magicka. It is also something that you cannot observe by seeing it.”
“Aah! Like the Elements! In short, they help in causing things to happen
for anything other than magicka, right?”
“That’s not quite right... Well, you aren’t that far off either...”
Felmenia tilted her head at Suimei’s troubled way of speaking. However,
Suimei still kept going.
“Think about the entire world, with the exclusion of exceptional
locations, as being largely filled with ‘the components which establish
physical laws.’ Because of that, mystical phenomena do not occur so
easily... But the physical do. In a simple example, things fall to the ground
easily and rubbing two things together makes heat easily. Those things fill
the world.”
“If the world is largely composed of those components, then just where
are ‘the components that establish mystical laws?’”
“In certain regions. In short, places where phenomena occur that cannot
be clarified by physical laws are called mystical locations. They can also be
called places where magicians caused mystical actions. In other words, if
one were to use magicka, a space filled with ‘the components that establish
physical laws’ will give birth to ‘the components that establish mystical
laws’.”
“I see.”
“And so with the use of magicka, the amount of ‘the components that
establish mystical laws’ in the space increases. Then, in a single space, two
different types of components will exist. But this thing called ‘the
components that establish mystical laws’ really hates the other thing called
‘the components that establish physical laws,’ and like it was born to, it
immediately starts fighting with them.”
“A fight between components...?”
“If it’s difficult to picture, try imagining those two invisible components

as tiny people caught in a melee. This is what I meant earlier by a jumbled
state.”
“Tiny people... I can somewhat picture it thinking of it like that... But
when those tiny people fight, what happens?”
“When the tiny people known as components begin to fight, to put it
roughly, all phenomena except for magicka cease to occur properly.”
“Are you saying that the phenomenon where objects fall to the ground
will have difficulty occurring?”
“Rather than it having difficulty occurring, it would be more correct to
say that other effects become easier to produce. And in general, that would
manifest in the form of the failure of the original phenomenon.”
“So, does that mean the object would cease to fall, and it would be
possible to have it fly off in another direction?”
“Speaking very roughly, yes. In practice, as long as it isn’t something
big, the effect of simple physical laws wouldn’t appear, but more advanced
physical laws would freely affect it though...”
Suimei hesitated to say it. To Felmenia who did not understand science,
explaining advanced physics would take quite some time and it didn’t have
much relevance to what they were talking about.
“One way or another, I think I understand. To summarize, just from
using magicka, it causes a disturbance that makes it easier to produce the
desired result, right?”
“Yes. Also, the larger the fight, the larger the entropy becomes. Well, it’s
an indicator of the scale of the fight.”
Suimei nodded at Felmenia’s reply. However, for some reason, she
wrinkled her brow immediately and tilted her head far to the side.
“But if it is like that, would it not remain in a disturbed state all the
time? Do the tiny people stop fighting?”
“No, it isn’t like that. Because mystical entropy is irreversible, the tiny
people will fight forever without making up. However, because there are so
many of ‘the components which establish physical laws’ in the surroundings
of the tiny people, though there’s a time delay, reinforcements eventually
pour in. The ratio of ‘the components that establish physical laws’ will
become greater and the physical laws will stabilize.”
Suimei took a short breather there, and then continued his explanation.
“When one uses magicka, both components will mix together and the

entropy in that place will increase. The amount it increases is in proportion
to the scale of the result brought on by the magicka. When the result
brought on by magicka is great, the amount of ‘the components that
establish mystical laws’ born from it will be quite large, after all.”
“So magicka that causes a great effect desires more components.”
“Yeah. Whether the result brought on by magicka is great or small is
decided by just how hard it is to make the same result occur without using
magicka. Creating fire is not particularly difficult, but breaking a large rock
into very small pieces cannot be done so easily. It is that kind of
difference.”
“Certainly for more difficult magicka, there are more processes to
follow.”
“That’s right. And with that, entropy will increase. And so the magicka I
use compiled from modern magicka theory is the type that increases
entropy greatly.”
“Modern magicka theory does? Why? You said before, Suimei-dono,
that compiling modern magicka theory has fewer processes when compared
to magicka from other systems, did you not?”
“Magicka compiled by modern magicka theory, instead of looking to
produce the same result as other magicka, looks to speed up its use, reduce
the processes involved, and increase the power. The time taken from
invocation to activation is shorter than with other magicka. Shortening the
required amount of time makes it more difficult, right? Producing the same
result in a shorter period of time means that the desired result is greater.”
“Ah, I see.”
As Felmenia now seemed to understand, Suimei spoke as if
summarizing everything he’d said.
“Well, I explained it in fine detail, but it’s fine to just remember that
when you use magicka, entropy increases. And so, the main topic of today’s
lesson starts from here...”