And then, after an exasperated grumble with a tinge of pity mixed in, he

left the two mages as they were and walked forward. Tap, tap, tap... The
slow, composed footsteps on the pavement were audible as he approached.
And before long, he stopped right in front of Liliana’s eyes.
“...I was a little late, huh?”
His voice sounded both apologetic and relieved. Had he come for her?
Even at the cost of pushing his own wounded body? That regretful figure
excited the warmth she had lost in her heart. Liliana let out a long sigh.
Unwittingly, it was flooded with emotions. Even now, this man hadn’t
changed. Even after being wounded by the power of her darkness, even
after she turned her back on him and ran away from his wishes, even as he
looked at her monstrous face... He still came to save her. She was happy.
She was extremely happy. Yet despite that, for some reason, she could only
summon barbed words for him.
“Did you come... to capture me?”
“Nope,” he said with a shake of the head.
“You’ll... hand me over to the military police, right? You should want...
to catch the culprit... behind the incidents.”
“I’m not gonna do that.”
“Then, did you come... to kill me?”
Suimei Yakagi once more shook his head. He had no intention of doing
such a thing.
“Then just what did you... come here to do?”
“I came to pick you up.”
As she heard these words, Liliana once more let out a long sigh. It was
just as she was anticipating. After all, this man had come to save her. Just as
he did on that evening. However...
“Please don’t... come closer.”
The words that came out of her mouth were a rejection. If she took this
man’s hand here, it would just result in a repeat of the same thing. Deep in
her heart, she heard this whisper from herself. But even so, Suimei Yakagi
drew closer.
“Don’t come closer...”
As if to shake off the happiness coiling around her, she shook her head.
She was nearly at her wits’ end. She didn’t want him to come to her. That
was a lie. She was scared of changing herself. If she accepted what she
wanted most in the world, she felt like she would once more fall into great

despair. More so than the happiness that was filling her heart now, she was
far more scared of having that feeling betrayed. But even so, Suimei Yakagi
spoke without changing at all.
“Liliana, you can certainly take the easy way out and live out a quiet,
small life here. That may be something you think you want. However—”
Suimei Yakagi stopped before Liliana, who shrank back like she was
sinking into the floor. When she looked up, he was smiling down on her... It
was no dream. The gentle voice he spoke to her with was nothing like the
call of a god of death calling one on their deathbed.
“Liliana, that which you desire can’t be found anywhere in this kind of
place, so...”
Yes, that’s why she must...
“So let’s go home. The place that you belong, the place you can always
return to... Nobody will ever steal that from you again.”
Before he could put all of her happy dreams into words, she reached out
and grabbed the hand that was held out to her.
★
Rain was now falling with a gentle, constant pitter-patter. As if calling
the rain, the stone pavement that knew nothing of the sky absorbed the
drops one by one. His clear heart would never be able to maintain itself this
way. As if pierced by the raindrops, his heart was soaked through by an
indescribable loneliness.
He always wondered why this world was made to be so relentless
against the weak.
To save someone who could not be saved, he would move immediately.
Yet the world tried over and over to deny him. Just why was it like that?
Those who drowned in tears only ever had their sorrow. Those who
drowned in anger with no way to let it out only ever fell into despair.
However, that irrationality may just be the principle of the world. And
what he was doing was for the purpose of facing that principle head-on and
challenging it. Whatever order there might be to the world, he wielded
magicka to try and change it. He rebelled against it. It was a rebellion
against divine providence; he understood it was not something that could be
forgiven. He knew that all too well after the fate that had befallen his father.

Suimei had lost his family, but that couldn’t possibly be compared to
what this girl has suffered, ostracized by everyone. His feelings of wanting
to save her were nothing more than the arrogance of one who was blessed.
Even so, even if it was only a little, even just a tiny bit, he wanted to
clear away that sadness of hers, that painful loneliness. The young girl who
was crying in his arms was now letting out all of the tears she’d never been
able to shed before. The scream of sorrow she had been unable to voice
before, she now turned towards the heavens. For what reason did this still
helpless-looking girl have to be forced to bear such unhappiness? Without
even knowing the common pleasure of a smile, she’d been forced to suffer.
All she had to build herself off of was a tall pile of curses.
But even so, he believed she had kindness left in her heart. That she was
still human. He still didn’t know what kind of violence had been pushed on
this girl. However...
“...Cry. When you want to cry, it’s fine to just cry with all your heart.
After that’s over, eat delicious food to your heart’s content and go to sleep.
If you do that, you can forget all of those unpleasant things.”
Saying this, he gently stroked the head of the girl who was tightly
clinging to him while crying to the heavens. He did so with affection, so
that even if it was just for this moment, she could be at peace... It was
entirely possible that he had come extremely late. If he had been faster, if he
had come sooner—perhaps before even being summoned to this world—the
result may have been different. But that was out of his hands. However,
even so...
“I’ll still make it in time. My magicka exists for this reason, after all...”
★
Still embracing the warmth enveloping her, Liliana woke up. She’d
dozed off in that warmth and, upon regaining her consciousness, relished it
in something of a daze. She then straightened herself up. It seemed that she
had been put to sleep in a bed somewhere. While hugging the pleasant,
fluffy, pure white bed cover, she looked around the room. A rather cheap-
looking fluffed-up chestnut carpet covered the floor, and sitting on top of it
was plain wooden furniture without a hint of embellishment or gaudiness.
She recalled seeing them before, but because her head was still in a daze,

she could not properly identify where. And while still lost in the languid
haze of her fading slumber, she asked nobody in particular...
“Where is this...?”
“So you’re awake now?”
A young but dignified voice entered the room from the hall. It must have
been from someone working nearby. A small girl with red hair turned up in
the doorway. Liliana also recognized that face, but she couldn’t match a
name to it.
“You are...?”
“Oh? Are you still half asleep? I introduced myself before you went to
sleep, didn’t I?”
“Ah...”
Liliana remembered everything after she heard those words from the
little girl who had both hands on her waist, Lefille Grakis. Liliana had been
brought to this house by Suimei Yakagi, who intended to shelter her. When
they arrived, Liliana was reintroduced to this young girl she’d met at the
checkpoint. She also met another girl she’d encountered briefly during one
of their night battles, a mage from the Kingdom of Astel named Felmenia
Stingray. And then, after having her first proper meal in a long time, she
was allocated a bed, where she promptly fell asleep.
Recalling all this, she checked her right eye. Just like when she wore her
usual eyepatch, her right field of vision was obscured, so nothing was out of
the ordinary, but it seemed she’d been given a substitute eye patch.
An unknown shiver ran through her entire body. As she recalled what
had happened when she was chased, and then how drastically different her
current situation was, she shivered in fear. The inexpressible emotion that
was overflowing in her shook her body with no signs of stopping. What if
everything here, everything that had led her here, was all just a sweet
dream? That fear was beckoning her. As if to deny it, she strongly hugged
the bed covers against her body. And as she did, Lefille put her hand on her
shoulder. Liliana raised her face, and was met with a gentle expression.
“Liliana.”
“...What is it?”
“I’m going to go and call Suimei-kun, so just sit tight right here for a bit
longer.”
Lefille Grakis patted her shoulder tenderly. Had she seen through her?

Did she know Liliana was seized with fear? Lefille put on a smile as if to
try and dispel that fear, and then left the room.
★
A short while after Lefille exited, she returned with Suimei and
Felmenia in tow. They each took a seat in the room with her. Liliana peeked
at Suimei’s face as he sat in the chair closest to her. As if verifying
something, he looked at her with a discerning gaze. Before long, that stiff
expression became relaxed.
“It seems you’ve calmed down, huh?”
“Yes, thanks to you.”
Liliana expressed her gratitude and bowed her head. Suimei then pulled
a cup out of thin air.
“Would you like something to drink?”
“No, I’m alright.”
“I see.”
As she said that, he erased the cup. Suimei’s expression then turned
quite serious.
“Now then, I’ll be cutting right to the chase, but there’s something I’d
like to ask you.”
“About the incidents, right?”
There was no need to even ask. It was already something she knew
would come. She knew, but the gaze she pointed at him stiffened along with
her entire body. She was wondering if she would be driven away for talking
about it. That anxiety unsettled her. Suimei, having guessed what was going
on in Liliana’s head, made a gentle smile as if to calm her heart.
“No, I won’t drive you away. Rather, if I think about what’s happened so
far, I don’t think you’ll really say anything that’s outside the realm of what I
already know.”
“...Yes.”
“Well then, tell me about it.”
“I...”
Liliana calmed down after hearing his reassurance, but she was still
concerned about the other two girls. Suimei was one thing, but what would
they think? However, Lefille had an extremely serious air about her, her

eyes closed and arms crossed. And Felmenia was giving Liliana a friendly
smile. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. So steeling her resolve, she began to
explain.
“I’ve spoken of it before... but Rogue Zandyke of the army’s intelligence
division is my adoptive father. He was born a commoner, and reached his
current position with his skills in magic and swordsmanship. However,
because of that... he was called an upstart and was shunned and harassed by
the nobles.”
“I see. Those born of high status trying to bully those of lower status is a
common story, huh?”
“What petty people,” Lefille added on.
“So those mages were related to that?”
“Yes. They were... one of the forms of harassment. That malice never
ceased, and as expected, it ended up affecting the colonel’s duties and
actions. I was unable to bear it. I was impatient, and at that time, that person
came into contact with me.”
“Do you not want to save your father?”
“That other black robe?”
“Yes. Just as I said before... while I was worried about the colonel, their