magicka before it can be invoked. When the entropy increases in one
location, the tiny people will find it harder and harder to move around,
which affects the time to perform their work. Eventually, it will end up
affecting the use of magicka itself.”
“In short, you are talking about creating a time delay before one can
activate magicka?”
“That’s right.”

“But why does that lead to being unable to use magicka? If it is only a
time delay, then once the magicka is constructed, should it not activate after
enough time has passed?”
“If you’re doubtful, try remembering the foundation of magicka
activation.”
Suimei urged her to ruminate on it. Based on what she had said before,
Felmenia began talking as she thought it through.
“The foundation...? For starters, I think that what we are talking about is
based on the premise that when magicka comes into existences, it should
not particularly mean that it will no longer be able to—Ah!”
“Do you get it?”
“It is the time, right?”
“Yes, exactly. Magicka is something that is invoked only when the
predetermined mystical actions are combined, the predetermined processes
are followed, and the predetermined time has not yet elapsed. Normally,
because magicka is invoked right as the actions are complete, one does not
generally take notice of it. But in truth, the time until invocation is
something to consider. If a large amount of time passes from construction to
invocation, naturally this would violate the predetermined time allowed,
and the constructed spell will begin to dissolve.”
After explaining that much, Suimei’s face and tone turned very serious.
“To sum it up, that is the phenomenon known as magicka melt.”
If the conditions for activation are not met, then naturally the
constructed magicka will become useless. Of course, it would not affect
magickas whose effects were already active, but magickas that had not been
activated would be severely restricted. If one were to predict the oppressive
condition of entropy, it was possible to hold magicka’s activation on
standby and adjust the predetermined time to easily solve the problem, but
there were many people who never considered things to that extent.
“Just as I said before, modern magicka theory produces an especially
large quantity of entropy within a single space. In accordance with the
grand unified theory, the magicka used mixes together many magicka
systems and can be used both faster than normal and with great effect. Thus
the production of components is accelerated.”
“In other words, magicka with greater effects would be restricted in
proportion to the scale of those effects, right?”

“That’s right. And so the important thing here is that the magic that
dangerous woman uses will greatly increase the entropy because of its
power.”
“If I am not mistaken... It was what was called teleportation magicka in
Suimei-dono’s world, right?”
“That’s right. You got a good look at it, didn’t you?”
“Yes. It did not have many processes and activated quite quickly. It does
not make use of modern magicka theory, but... even so, is it the same?”
“Yes. It didn’t take much time to activate, but practically speaking, that’s
only because the magicka circle was prepared beforehand in the lining of
her coat. It does not change the fact that teleportation magicka is something
difficult to physically manifest. That’s why...”
“These ‘components that establish mystical laws’ you spoke of will
suddenly be produced, and entropy will greatly increase, right?”
As Felmenia arrived at the right answer, Suimei revealed a mischievous
smile.
“That’s right. With that, you now grasp the goal of this lesson, right?”
What Felmenia had been using up until now was the magicka she
learned from Suimei based on modern magicka theory. Because she was
still a beginner, there wasn’t much to expect from its destructive power, but
when it came to increasing mystical entropy, it was a rather simple matter to
bring about the phenomenon known as magicka melt.
After all, Graziella wasn’t the only one increasing entropy in the area.
Though the amount produced was quite small, Reiji, Mizuki, the knights,
and even Christa and Graziella’s mages were all contributing. And then
there was Elliot, who used magicka from another world. Since his magicka
did not rely on the Elements taking over a portion of the spell, it increased
entropy considerably as well. Altogether, the potential for the magicka melt
was quite high, which was why Suimei had chosen this plan. In fact, Elliot
was an important part of the plan.
“I’m sure you saw it before, but do you remember how Elliot linked
together his sword skills and magic? If he suddenly were no longer able to
use one of them, it would leave him wide open. That’s what we’ll aim for,”
Suimei had explained.
And precisely as Suimei had predicted, Elliot invoked his multiple
enchantments over and over again to keep them active. If Reiji called out

when he was about to renew them, they could catch him with his guard
down.
“I see. Your ridiculous magic and the fact that magic could no longer be
used, was all that guy’s...” Graziella said in an annoyed tone.
“With all due respect, I have no need to answer your questions,” replied
Felmenia, resolutely cutting her off.
Since Reiji and the others were also present, carelessly answering too
many questions would only cause trouble for Suimei. With his sword still
pointed at her, Reiji then requested she fulfill her obligation as the loser.
“With this, it’s decided. Please remove your soldiers and withdraw.”
However, Graziella snorted in displeasure.
“I refuse.”
“What?”
“Do you really think that you’ve won with this? You’ve only thrust your
damned sword in my face. Or are you saying that you think you could
pierce my heart right now?”
As Graziella pointed this out, Reiji spoke in an indifferent tone to hide
the panic rising up within him.
“If you insist on fighting more, then...”
“Cease this. There’s no way that you could kill the imperial princess of a
nation with your own hands.”
Reiji was certainly bluffing. After seeing through this, Graziella looked
disappointed. Since Reiji was not used to threatening others, he was unable
to convince her of her defeat definitively. Their conversation, however, was
shortly interrupted by the sound of a mass of quickly approaching footsteps.
It wasn’t enough to shake the ground, but it was obvious that there was
quite a number of them.
“It seems like reinforcements have arrived,” Graziella said with a
provoking smile.
“It couldn’t be... You prepared contingency troops?!” Titania cried.
“Of course. Facing such a strong opponent, it’s only natural to prepare a
contingency or two. It seems you were just naive.”
Despite the sweat forming on her brow, Graziella let out a fearless
laugh. Reiji then repeated himself once more before her.
“But I do still have my blade to your throat.”
“As long as I give the order, the soldiers of the Empire will not hesitate.

Besides, it doesn’t seem that White Flame-dono has any more schemes up
her sleeve.”
“Ugh...”
Felmenia gritted her teeth at her oversight. Graziella sneered at her as
she commanded all of her subordinates.
“Everyone, do not hold back! Restrain all these fools!”
Her troops replied vigorously, and the soldiers they were just fighting
began to move. Mizuki and the knights were cornered and driven over to
where Felmenia was. And just as they were all surrounded...
“Graziella Filas Rieseld, you’re the same as ever. Have you already
forgotten how I rebuked you before for that nasty habit of only fighting
those in a weaker position than you?”
A cool voice swept through the streets on a red wind. Immediately
following it, the front line of Graziella’s reinforcements was blown away
like they were caught in an explosion.
“Wha?!”
“Just what in the...”
Both Reiji and Graziella were at a loss for words. The reinforcements
that were coming in from the side alley were sent flying by a wind with a
red brilliance, soldier and mage alike. It took out the front row of them,
leaving the back rows staggering. Those who’d been hit by the red wind lay
unmoving. Scattered in every direction, they were all unconscious. As if
lurking over them, the red wind that had knocked them out was now
hanging at the alley’s entrance.
A puff of dust in the air scattered as the red wind dissipated. Standing
there in its place was Lefille Grakis, having regained her original form.
With her signature sword bigger than her own body resting on her shoulder,
she gazed sharply at the soldiers before her. Before the overpowering
pressure from this young girl who was not yet even twenty years old, the
soldiers that were still standing were completely frozen in place. On the
other hand, when Graziella saw Lefille, her eyes shot wide open in surprise.
“It can’t be... The Shrine Maiden of Noshias?! You’re alive...?”
As Lefille turned towards that voice, her eyes stopped on Reiji and the
others.
“It seems that I made it in time,” she said in a sigh of relief.
The soldiers who’d been freed from Lefille’s oppressive gaze as she

looked away regained control of their bodies and began to move again as
they came to their senses. Perhaps due to the caliber of their training, they
wasted no time taking up their formation again. The soldiers in front
readied their swords while the mages fell to the back and prepared to fire
magic aimed at Lefille all at once.
“Look out!”
Seeing this, Reiji worriedly called out to Lefille. But she simply turned
back to the soldiers in a composed fashion. Not moments later, the
multitude of spells fired at Lefille came rushing in. But as though she’d
been struck by nothing but a gentle breeze, she stood there perfectly calm.
“Ridiculous... Magic did nothing...?”
One of the soldiers trembled in fear as they groaned, giving voice to the
inner feelings of all the present soldiers. Even Graziella was gripped with
surprise.
“The Shrine Maiden’s spirit power... To think it could even render magic
useless...”
The mages turned towards Graziella as they heard her muttering. As if
thrusting that ruthless truth before them, Lefille roared out at them.
“Did you think that magic blessed by the Goddess would work against
me, who has accepted a spirit within my body?!”
Lefille’s thunderous voice drowned out all sound in the bustling
battlefield. It was like electricity in the air as it shocked everyone around
her. Lefille then raised her sword overhead once more. As if hailed by that
action, the red wind formed a maelstrom with her sword at its center. And
as she swung it down, not only a whole half of the soldiers deployed before
her, but even the walls of the buildings and the pavement on the street were
blown away by the explosive might of the wind she wielded.
All that from a single intense swing. All present were at a loss for words
and doubted their own eyes. The girl accompanied by the red wind was just
that overwhelming.
The wind once more began blowing in out of nowhere. As if it had no
other choice but to gather in this place, it swarmed in from all directions of
the city and gathered around Lefille as she clad herself in a red brilliance.
As bewilderment spread through the area, one of the soldiers raised a voice
of realization.
“The power of spirits? You can’t mean... this is Ishaktney’s...”

That triggered a cascade effect in the other troops.
“Th-The red wind that comes up in Saint Alshalia’s legend, the Red
Gale... They say everything swallowed by that red tempest is returned to
nothingness without exception...”
“Th-That’s impossible!”
“But that girl just said she was a spirit or something...”
“H-Hey, I heard Princess Graziella say something about her being a