flight, so there was no longer anywhere for her to run away to. The moment
she stood up, the man with the courteous voice began chanting a spell.
Various objects in their surroundings were lifted up by wind magic, and
then came flying towards her together with a sudden gust.
“Ugh, guh!”
Unable to endure, Liliana fell to the ground. While she was gripped by
pain, the next attack came rushing in. The one chanting this time was the
rude man. The magic he spun together with a violent tone brought forth fire
that encircled her.
“A-Agh... guh...”
As if whispering to her that they had no intention of killing her quickly,
the flame’s heat intensified and stole the oxygen from her, slowly
tormenting her. Liliana’s figure as she squirmed in suffocating pain was just
like a fish fresh out of the water or an insect with its wings plucked. Hot air
was pouring down her throat as the heat from the flames baked her skin.
She sealed her throat in pain and collapsed to the ground. And after who

knows how long, she was gasping for air in labored breaths. She came to
realize that the circle of flames that was torturing her had vanished. In its
stead, the mages were now looming over her. Pain descended down on her.
Her head, her arms, her back, her feet... they trampled on all of it. She was
being treated like trash thrown away into an alley.
In the brief interval between blows, she looked up and saw the laughing
faces of the two men. They truly found tormenting Liliana enjoyable from
the bottom of their hearts. Hatred consumed her in the moment, but then
suddenly, Liliana recalled what someone once told her. She shouldn’t let the
malice swallow her. She couldn’t surrender herself to hatred. If she
entrusted her heart to it even once, she would lose who she truly was.
“Hey, what’s wrong? You’re not gonna use some fucking magic like last
time?! That it?!”
“It seems that her mana is already depleted. The youngest of the Elite
Twelve has certainly fallen low.”
But there was no need for her to endure this. After all, even if she
obstinately fixated on her sense of self, she could never attain the things she
wanted.
“What’s with that fucking eye?! Turns out they didn’t just call you a
monster! You really fucking are one, huh?!”
The rude man kicked her hard. Her body rolled along the stone
pavement of the alley and slammed into a nearby wall. She no longer felt
pain. She had forgotten what pain even was. The flames of hatred burning
within her was all the torment she could feel right now.
“Oh, what? That got you in the mood? You wanna fight back now that
you’re in that kind of worn-out state? HAHAHAHAHA!”
“To go through so much punishment and still stand up... A monster like
you should only grovel on the ground like the despicable creature you are.”
Their sneering voices were extremely grating to her ears. That’s why, no
matter what kind of power she used, she wanted to blow them away.
“I...”
This would be the last time. Surely she would lose herself from this. But
in this world of nothing but pain, she had no regrets about vanishing. There
was nothing wrong with being swallowed by the darkness. If she did,
everything would end. Just like that rampaging repulsive figure that night, it
was fine for her to just destroy everything and make it all vanish. The

nobles, the mages before her, the streets of the imperial capital, the citizens,
that happy family. Anything and everything. If it all vanished, her loneliness
would certainly vanish as well. That’s why...
“Vanish...”
“Ah?”
“Vanish... Vanish...”
“What? Did you lose your mind?”
“Vanish! Vanish! Vanish! Vanish! Vanish! Vanish! Vanish! Vanish!”
Everything would vanish. Just as she was about to awaken something
dark, she heard an unfamiliar noise. A rapid tapping that was regular, but
both stiff and high-pitched. Was it footsteps? She heard it from beyond
where the mages were standing, deep within the shadow of a building.
“Buddhi brahma. Buddhi vidya.”
[Awaken power. Along with great knowledge.]
“Ah...”
Invited by the resounding voice, she lifted her head and saw a shadow
stretching out towards her. Before long, just where the shadow ended, a
single man appeared.
“Asat nada arupa loka.”
[That voice that reaches far and wide is high above in the heavens.]
That man clad in unfamiliar black clothing was humming something like
a murmur. His figure was somehow lonely, like a god of death calling out to
somebody on their deathbed.
“Kalavinka mahamaya om karuma samkri.”
[Ye who possesseseth the sweet echo shall release the original sin.]
But the man didn’t stop. The continued tapping of his footsteps rang out
in the air as he approached.
“...You lot never learn, huh? Is it that fun to torment someone?”
The man’s exasperated voice resonated throughout the alley. With his
head hung, Liliana couldn’t see just what sort of expression he was making.
He was like a quiet water surface without a single ripple in it, lamenting for
the helpless ones before him. The rude mage turned around and to face this
man, and as he came into his line of sight, his eyes widened in surprise.
“You’re...”
“That country hick who got in our way that one time... Just what
business do you have in this place?”

The courteous mage of the two seemed to recognize him, which jogged
his companion’s memory.
“Ah, that’s right! You’re that punk looking for the culprit of the coma
incidents, right?”
“That reminds me—I heard you were quarreling with the hero,” said the
more courteous mage as he raised a hand to his chin.
“Look, this here monster is that culprit, you got it?”
“The culprit that you are looking for was this girl. And to be pretending
to work for the sake of the Empire... She’s a terrible villain.”
Liliana heard a jeering laugh. Then the man in black snorted like he was
not amused at all.
“A villain? The villains are you guys, right?”
“What’d you say?”
“I don’t know what you’re trying to say. Care to enlighten me?”
“The fact that you have to ask... Something is seriously wrong with you
guys.”
“Whaaat?!”
“Have even your ears gone bad? Seriously, there’s just no helping
extravagant idiots like you two, is there?”
Perhaps because they sensed the hostility in that cool-headed
declaration, the mages put themselves on guard.
“Hey! Don’t come any fucking closer!”
“Impossible... Are you planning on supporting this criminal?”
“Yeah, it’s just as you say. I’m here to do the impossible.”
Hearing that, the courteous mage scoffed and shrugged his shoulders.
“Then you have made a terrible blunder. That voice earlier... It sounded
something like a chant for a spell, but it would have been better if you’d
just quickly fired your magic at us from behind and caught us unawares.”
“This time it’s two against one. We’ll fucking beat you to death here
too.”
The two mages pronounced a death sentence for the man in black.
However, it was like he was fixated on something specific in what they’d
said, and was murmuring as if to identify it.
“A blunder, huh...?”
The man hanging his head suddenly unleashed an indescribable dread.
At the same time, a wind blew into the area from out of nowhere and it

began to get noisy.
“Wha...?”
“Whaaat?!”
The two mages were bewildered by the rapid change, and the man in
black spoke up as if to inform them of what was happening.
“Beyond the land that we live in, in the heavens beyond the distance... In
the lands of paradise, there is a being known as Kalavinka with the head of
a human and the body of a bird. The absolute beauty of its voice, that
excellent bird-like voice, is extolled as peerless. To a scholar of the
mysteries, it is a voice that is heard from the emission of a higher order ego
when they advance to the next level as a human. It is considered as a kind
of revelation.”
“You punk!”
“Speaking of more incomprehensible things...!”
“This magicka is something that manifests the hum of a being that exists
beyond fantasy: Kalavinka. In general, the emission of a higher order ego
can only be brought on by a high-ranking magician. In fact, you have to be
a high-ranking magician to hear Kalavinka’s hum. If an inexperienced
magician bore witness to such a thing... Well, what do you think would
happen?”
Behind that inquisitive manner of speech was not a provocative tone.
When the mages looked closely, the man in black had eyes that were tainted
in a deep crimson as if they were burning. This was Suimei Yakagi. It was
as if he was gazing at an enemy he could never forgive. What shined
beneath those eyes was a strong will and indignation.
“Samadhi kalpa devana gara.”
[Thou shalt listen to the eternal voice of the lotus.]
“Sh-Shit!”
“Oh wind! Thou art the power of eternity! Become a—”
Before that humming voice could continue, the mages caught on to his
dangerously increasing strength and began to move. However, it was far too
late.
“Samadhi kalpa nada.”
[Thou shalt listen to the eternal echo.]
The light that engulfed them was an enormous, brilliant scarlet magic
circle that drew itself beneath their feet. The shapes, letters, and symbols all

had a blood red luminescence. Perhaps due to this, the stone pavement
appeared to sink into a black shadow. It was as if the gloomy area that they
were standing on was being drowned away. The only thing that remained to
be seen was the red light’s brilliant dazzle. The men could not move.
Gripped by the bizarre atmosphere, right now, for a moment, even their
thoughts were completely bound. Then...
“Vahana amana samskara buddhi karanda thrishna.”
[Thou shalt entrust your body to the sublimation of the laws passed
down by the three realms, and surrender thyself to the sweet voice of thirst.]
All that was left was...
“Neigh of Kalavinka.”
As Suimei Yakagi spoke the keywords, the brilliant red light began to
overflow and disorient all those who saw it. It was as if, in the middle of
that light, they were no longer able to distinguish between up and down,
heaven and earth. When she focused on the boundless light that filled her
vision, Liliana felt like she saw the sparkling silhouette of something like an
enormous flying bird for an instant in a dazzle, but it soared away along
with the humming of its sweet voice.
“Ah...”
As the dazzling light on the other side of her eyelids began to fade,
Liliana opened her eyes slowly. What came into her vision was the two
mages, both fallen to the stone pavement after having almost all of their
mana stolen from them. There was absolutely no sign of movement from
them. In other words, as that flying bird ascended, it had taken their power
with it.
“For an inexperienced magician, prematurely listening to that gospel is
nothing but poison. When a low-ranked magician is exposed to that higher
order ego, the selfishness of their weak ego will run wild and vanish. The
power of mana, which is the embodiment of their desires, as well as the
means of its use, including control of their spells... It’s all relinquished.
That’s the power of Kalavinka’s sweet voice. It’s an anti-magician magicka
meant to be used against people like you.”
As Suimei spoke, the two men glanced at him.
“Do not ever again hold on to the delusion that you are strong
magicians. You stupid idiots.”