Chapter 1: Geo Malifex
After Felmenia rendezvoused with Suimei, the housemates of the Yakagi
residence were all assigned their own duties. Lefille largely stayed at home
to take care of the cats and the cleaning, while it was decided that Felmenia
would be in charge of the cooking. And of course, as the owner of the
house, Suimei had an important duty assigned to him as well.
Indeed, Suimei was to devote himself to studying the hero summoning
circle, as well as teaching Felmenia about magicka on the side. But he had
his share of everyday responsibilities as well, including heating up the bath
and managing their finances. In fact, on any normal day, he would be filling
the tub with water and heating it up right about now while Lefille and the
new bath-loving convert Felmenia waited impatiently.
But this was no normal day. It had been a few days since Suimei had
gone to confront the small shadow known as Liliana, but Suimei was still
quietly recuperating from their encounter. That night, her berserk dark
magic and the following fight with the sinful figure it summoned had done
serious damage to his astral body. As a result, Suimei still wasn’t back to his
normal self. He could scarcely even move.
During the panic that followed when the tall shadow showed up and
Liliana escaped, he’d been unable to give chase. So despite being seriously
outnumbered, the tall shadow also managed to evade all its pursuers and
escape into the dark of the night. After putting up with Elliot’s questions,
Suimei somehow managed to drag himself back home. But showing up in
such a terrible state, he gave Felmenia and Lefille quite a scare. They were
nursing him, but he’d ended up causing quite a bit of inconvenience for
them.
He knew that he should be out continuing his investigation, but there
was nothing he could do in this condition. The girls had their own
responsibilities to see to, and now they were taking care of him as well.
Suimei was currently half sitting up on the bed in the living room as
Felmenia came to refill his water pitcher. He called out to her, both by way

of gratitude and an apology.
“Sorry.”
“Do not worry about it. Please just take your time to rest until your body
gets better.”
Felmenia replied with a smile, but it still didn’t sit well with Suimei.
“No, I can’t really do that.”
“What do you mean, you... Ah.”
In a somewhat ditzy tone, she came to realize what he meant. Indeed,
Suimei didn’t even need to say what was worrying him. It concerned
Liliana’s situation. On the night of their encounter, Elliot and his group had
seen Liliana’s face before she heeded the order of the tall shadow and
vanished. It was still unknown whether she’d met up with the tall shadow
after the fact, but there was no denying that she was in quite a predicament
either way. There was plenty of evidence to raise suspicions about her now.
They hadn’t yet heard that she’d been apprehended, but they still didn’t
know what was currently going on. And Suimei had been worried about the
countless possibilities since that night. But coming out of the fog of such
thoughts, he realized Felmenia was staring at him with her eyes narrowed
and her lips tightly pursed. Her expression, which looked like she was
extremely critical, conveyed so much more than that. She was also
extremely sympathetic and worried. Acknowledging that, Suimei spoke up
in resignation.
“I get it. I’ll wait until I’m better.”
“Please do. I know you’re worried about Liliana Zandyke, Suimei-dono,
but you have to understand that Lefille and I are worried about you, too.”
“Sorry.”
“...I thought you were more of the careful type, but it seems you’re
actually quite reckless.”
“Yeah, I hear that a lot.”
“Is that something to laugh about...? If you keep acting like this, Lefille
will scold you again, you know?”
Felmenia reproached him with a bit of honest and concerned advice, but
Suimei still gave her a bitter smile. After he’d returned to the house that
night and his condition had stabilized, what awaited him was the long and
angry scolding of the tiny big sister Lefille. Suimei could still hear her
saying things like “you always make me worry” and “don’t ever be so

reckless again” in the back of his mind.
But she was exactly right. Suimei was well aware that he’d been
somewhat careless to get caught up in all this. But the same had been true in
Lefille’s case not long ago. He’d thought that it would get better over time,
but it seemed that it wasn’t so easy to shake your natural disposition. And
while Suimei was having this conversation with Felmenia, Lefille came into
the living room carrying a heap of baggage.
“Heave... ho! Heave... ho!”
She was adorably putting all her effort into carrying what she had in her
hands. It wasn’t particularly heavy, but it completely blocked her view of
what was in front of her. It was quite a precarious position to be in, and
Felmenia called over to her in a gentle tone accordingly.
“Lefille, it’s dangerous to carry too many things at once. Shouldn’t you
put some of that down?”
“It’s alright, Lady Felmenia. A little bit of luggage that’s taller than I am
is nothing. You know, in my original form, I used a greatsword that was
taller than I was too... Heave-ho!”
“Lefi, be careful.”
“Yeah, thanks.”
Suimei expressed a bit of his kind concern as well, but Felmenia sat
there looking rather confused. It seemed she found it most strange how this
small child always spoke of such things.
“Suimei-dono...?”
“Hmm? Oh. Most of my body’s functions are dedicated to healing right
now. My mind isn’t exactly working properly.”
After turning back to Suimei, Felmenia realized he was lying down and
blankly staring into space. To use magicka to restore his astral body, he had
to enter this kind of trance-like state. All Felmenia could do was watch on
with loving concern as she sat by his side.
“I cannot tell very well by the look of it, but is it bad?”
“If it were any normal injury, it could be healed right away with
magicka. But what was injured this time was my astral body, not my
physical one, which can’t be easily healed with magicka the same way.”
“...You’re saying that you can heal physical injuries with ease?”
“Well, yeah.”
Suimei answered Felmenia quite plainly as Lefille finished putting away

the baggage and returned to them. She then also took a seat next to the bed
with a surprised look on her face.
“So injuries to the body are no obstacle for you, huh? You sure do say
some amazing things without realizing it... Anyway, you said the astral
body, didn’t you? I remember you talking about this before, but didn’t you
prepare defenses for something like this?”
“Dark magic is too peculiar. The magicians of our world, even the
demonologists, don’t use that kind of dangerous curse in that way any more,
after all. It was perfectly reasonable for me to assume no one in their right
mind would use an attack like that... Well, either way, in short, my
preparation was lacking or I was simply negligent. I... ah...”
In the middle of his explanation, Suimei started fumbling over his
words. Since his mind wasn’t operating at full capacity, he was having
trouble putting his thoughts together properly.
“It seems like this isn’t a good time to ask questions.”
“It appears so. It seems our difficult questions will have to wait.”
“Yeah, thanks guys.”
Suimei was grateful the two girls were so considerate of him and his
condition. Felmenia then suddenly seemed to remember something and
stood up from her chair.
“That’s right! Suimei-dono, I made you something to eat. Please wait a
moment.”
There was a hurried pitter-patter as Felmenia ran off to the kitchen, and
she returned shortly with a wooden bowl in hand. Inside was a pure white,
steaming soup dotted with perfectly circular, tender-looking beans.
“Here, Suimei-dono. This is pearl bean potage. Enjoy.”
“Oh, thanks.”
Suimei received the bowl of potage and beans, though he barely even
looked at it. With his eyes closed, he took a spoonful and slowly lifted it to
his mouth. However, with the vast majority of brain function dedicated to
his recovery, he was doing so in a daze and his movements were shaky.
“Suimei-kun, that seems dangerous.”
“Sorry.”
“In that case, Suimei-dono, please pass me the bowl and spoon.”
“Sure.”
Suimei handed the bowl and spoon over to Felmenia. She then scooped

up some of the potage with the spoon and smiled.
“Okay, Suimei-dono. Say, ‘aah!’”
“L-Lady Felmenia, I’m sure that Suimei-kun would never... What?”
“Aah...”
When Felmenia opened her mouth and urged Suimei to imitate her, he
did so without reservation—he couldn’t afford such a thing. Felmenia
promptly stuck the spoon in his open mouth, and Suimei took a bite of the
soup. Lefille’s jaw dropped as she witnessed something she never would
have imagined Suimei doing willingly.
“...Suimei-kun, are you that defenseless?”
Surely there was absolutely no way Suimei would do something so
embarrassing under normal circumstances. And if he was willing to do it
now, it had to be a sign of just how bad off he was.
“Sorry about this, Menia...”
“Think nothing of it.”
Lefille leaned forward in a daze while watching Felmenia, who was
smiling sweetly.
“Lady Felmenia, Lady Felmenia! I want to do it too!”
“Certainly.”
“Now, Suimei-kun, say ‘aah.’”
“Aah...”
As she’d hoped, Suimei also obediently opened his mouth for her. There
wasn’t a single hint of resistance or unwillingness from him. He simply
quietly chewed the food offered to him. Observing the compromised
Suimei, the two girls exchanged excited glances.
“This isn’t so bad. Suimei-kun is cute.”
“Indeed he is.”
The normal Suimei would be valiantly protecting his two beautiful
housemates. But now it was their turn to take care of him. Suimei would
undoubtedly want to crawl in a hole later when he remembered such
embarrassing memories, but that didn’t seem to matter right now.
“All right, Lefille, it’s my turn now.”
“Of course, Lady Felmenia.”
Until the contents of the bowl were completely emptied, they took turns
feeding Suimei the potage.

★
Sitting on the southern side of the imperial capital was the massive
Castle Groschler. It was the tallest structure in all the Empire. It was the
seat from which the emperor governed the state and listened to the advice of
the nobles. As the political center of the Empire, it also served as the
nation’s main governmental office. It originally stood quite firmly as a
fortress city, and over the course of its long history, it had withstood many
crises that threatened to topple the Empire. Its impressive architecture was
widely known even outside the country.
In its administration room, a crimson red carpet covered the floor and a
crest-bearing flag hung from the ceiling. This luxurious room could be said
to be a symbol of the emperor’s authority. It was a place where important
people gathered to push their opinions on each other and their subordinates.
There was a tense air in the room right now, accompanied by a sinister
feeling underneath it. Rogue Zandyke detected it immediately upon
entering the room. Keeping up his usual stiff expression, he bent a knee
before the prince sitting atop his throne.
“Colonel Rogue Zandyke of the intelligence division, reporting in
response to your summons, sire.”
With his head down, Rogue presented himself as one would expect in
the presence of royalty. After announcing himself, one of the elderly