man who would wear himself to tatters to protect a woman the way he did
couldn’t possibly be a bad guy... Not that I intend to praise him as a good
guy.”
“But nevertheless, you don’t have any intention to just lose, do you?”
“Naturally. On the contrary. If I held back that much, it would just make
me angry.”
As Reiji and Elliot’s conversation came to an end, they unlocked their
swords and reclaimed some distance from one another. Elliot’s movements
had gotten a little dull and the lightning clad around his sword began to
weaken. The effect of his body reinforcement magic and weapon
enchantment magic seemed to be reaching their time limits. Seeing that,
Reiji suddenly yelled out.
“Sensei!”
“Are you hoping for support? I’m afraid her opponent is Imperial
Princess Graziella.”
When Reiji signaled Felmenia, Elliot suggested that it would be
impossible for her to do anything. But elsewhere in the plaza, Felmenia
heard his voice loud and clear. She too had started thinking that it was about
time. She then started constructing offensive magicka against Graziella,
who was still keeping her distance. The magicka circle at her feet invoked
another plane. With her hand held out like a blade, she traced an inverted
pentagram as she chanted her spell.
“That which I desire stands before the fury of the storm. Oh wind, blow
fiercely. Raise a cry of despair. For the sake of exterminating anything and

everything before my eyes as much as you please...”
After her chant that left an intoxicating reverberation in the air was
complete, the magicka circle flashed a brilliant radiance. With the drawn
pentagram at its center, a sudden gust blew in from the surroundings. The
perfectly still scene around Felmenia suddenly transformed into a blustering
chaos. While resisting being blown away by the extraordinarily powerful
wind pressure herself, Felmenia fired out her keyword.
“Clauneck’s Wind!”
The compressed air that had gathered around her released as an intense
shock wave that assaulted the area. Nearby trees bent backward from the
pressure. Fire magic, water magic, the soldiers’ various magics, and all the
bricks on the ground were blown away. Graziella too was caught in the
shock wave, but she endured through it. It seemed she’d taken some
damage, but she acted as though she were unfazed by the attack.
“My, my, it seems I made light of you, White Flame-dono. To think you
were holding on to this kind of trump card...”
“And as expected, you withstood it...”
“But of course.” Graziella gazed at Felmenia with disdain. “White
Flame-dono, is it not about time that you run out of steam?”
“That’s what you think. However, it seems Your Imperial Highness is
also incapable of capturing me. Even if you spent all eternity firing such
low-level spells at me, you would never be able to defeat me, I’m afraid.”
A smile floated up on Graziella’s face as she heard those provocative
words, though she did not seem amused at all.
“So you say. But you do understand that if not for the damned Twilight
Beheading Princess’s presence, I would have knocked you down long ago,
right? Besides, you saw it, didn’t you? That fight in the southern plaza.”
“I’m saying that if you do not put in at least that much effort, then you
will never defeat me.”
“Then so be it. If you are willing to go that far, I’ll allow you to
thoroughly taste my magic.”
Graziella was no longer able to endure Felmenia’s provocation and
began chanting the spell for the teleportation magic she had been refraining
from using all this time.
“Heed my desires. Fly in from the beyond. To the one who won’t hold
an audience with me, my hail detaches you from the world’s entangled and

inseparable laws. Become a power that surpasses all reason. Open, Devil
Connection!”
With the release of her keyword, the night sky warped as it was being
twisted and became vague. Sensing the teleportation of a massive object
incoming, Felmenia began yelling.
“It’s coming! Everyone take evasive maneuvers until you reach the safe
zone! After evading, please begin using magic at full power!”
Following her lead, Titania; the knights around her; Mizuki, who was
trading fire with Christa; and Reiji who was fighting Elliot, all pulled back
from the combat zone. Immediately following that, a massive rock appeared
in the sky. It wasn’t quite as large as the one she’d used at the southern
plaza, but it was more than enough of a threat. Felmenia began using her
magicka at full power in response.
“Just as the eternal wind conveys! Send the shining and swaying flames
to His side! Hear my voice! Thou art the Ishim dyed in white! Hear my
voice! Thou art the Ishim that shakes off all calamity! White Flame
Hyacinth!”
Felmenia’s white flames flew towards the massive rock. Using the
reconstructed fire magicka she’d learned from Suimei, she burned the
massive rock to ashes.
“That damned magic from the other day? Something that I’ve staved off
once before won’t protect you from this!”
After her violent threat, Graziella once more began to chant her
teleportation magic and called another massive rock in the sky. Then
another and another as she repeated the chant continuously. As for Reiji and
the others...
“Reiji, it seems the little princess of the Empire is planning to bring this
to a decisive end. It’s over.”
“We don’t know that yet.”
“Hmph. I do not know where you get the confidence to say that. Do you
have some kind of plan? Well, so be it. If you do, then it has nothing to do
with me. I will simply do what I must over here.”
With that, Elliot began applying physical reinforcement on his body,
which was already reinforced by the divine protection of the hero
summoning. He then began chanting his spell.
“Here I come, Reiji. I present my wish in celebration before the extolled

spirit of wisdom. Oh lightning, demonstrate your sharpness before me.
Blade Discharge!”
As soon as his keyword cut through the air, Elliot’s orichalcos blade clad
itself in lightning and shot out an electrical discharge from its tip. Or at
least, it should have.
“What—?!”
“What the hell?!”
Two bewildered exclamations of surprise came from the same side of
the battlefield. It was Elliot and Graziella. Though Elliot had finished the
chant for his spell, his magicka did not activate. And for Graziella, who had
conjured multiple spells to fire at Felmenia, not a single one was actually
invoked. Her eyes darted around in confusion. Their magics had failed with
all too perfect timing.
But Elliot suffered more for it. As he was using his magicka while
crossing swords with Reiji, Reiji gained the upper hand and moved in on
him. However...
“Tch, too naive!”
Elliot let out a cry. The distance between them was still enough for him
to make a move in return. Without his magicka, he immediately switched to
his sword and thrust out towards Reiji. As he did, Reiji kicked the ground
with a great deal of force. The bricks he sent flying collided with Elliot’s
sword and skewed the trajectory of his thrust. Reiji then ran to meet him.
“Hah!”
“Gah!”
Reiji drove the hilt of his orichalcum sword right into Elliot’s skull.
Taken by the blow, Elliot’s body rolled backward across the ground two or
three times.
“Elliot-sama!”
Christa’s scream reached Reiji’s ears. But he paid her no mind and went
straight towards Graziella. Thanks to Felmenia’s scheme, she was still
unable to use magic. She readied her fists in a fluster, but was too slow to
counter the brandished sword coming right at her.
“My apologies in advance for this!”
As he apologized, Reiji drove the hilt of his sword with all his might
past Graziella’s fists and into her abdomen. She fell backward onto her rear
end in defeat, and Reiji thrust his sword at her neck to make his position

clear.
“The match is ours.”
“Ridiculous... This kind of...”
Graziella’s surprise was more directed at the fact that she was unable to
use magic rather than Reiji’s declaration of victory. Her face was still
gripped in bewilderment. To demand an answer, she then turned to
Felmenia.
“What... Why can I no longer use magic?! Just what kind of magic did
you bastards use?!”
“It is not like I used a spell to magically silence you,” Felmenia replied.
“The reason you can no longer use magic is simply because you’ve used too
much of it, Your Highness.”
“Used too much, you say...? Ridiculous! I’m nowhere near running out
of mana yet.”
“So it seems. However, the magic you’re using is based on the same
magic behind the hero summoning technique. It is not magic that uses the
Elements. Therefore, the Elements are not supporting your magic. So due to
the massive increase of the mystical entropy in this place, the phenomenon
known as magicka melt occurred.”
“M-Mystical what? Magic-a melt... What is this nonsense?”
“Mystical entropy is produced when the components that establish
mystical laws and the components that establish physical laws end up in a
cluttered state. If this happens in the extreme, the throughput of spells
becomes insufficient and the phenomenon of magicka melt occurs,
preventing magic from activating.”
“But—”
“But this has never happened before, right? That is because, on top of
the magic used to teleport massive rocks, you’ve never used magic that
heavily increased entropy in such a way before.”
As Felmenia began explaining things to Graziella, she recalled
everything Suimei had taught her about this phenomenon.
★
“What about the magicka melt phenomenon that occurs when mystical
entropy reaches its limit?”

Felmenia inclined her head to the side as she asked this. Suimei then
once more began his explanation from the beginning.
“Yes, when entropy in one location increases, we just discussed how—
physically—things will become unstable and easier to manipulate. But if
entropy increases within a single space and within a certain amount of time,
it will prevent magicka from being used any further.”
“Such a thing happens?”
“It does. The magic of this world has the portion of magic which is
invoked from another plane taken care of by the Elements. Thanks to that,
the outbreak of the components that establish mystical law is suppressed,
and entropy doesn’t increase much when you use magic. Thanks to this, it
never happens here, so I’m not surprised you don’t know about it.” After
the brief tangent, Suimei returned to his explanation. “When entropy
increases radically within a single space, the fight between the tiny people
becomes fierce. Not just the components that establish physical laws, but
also because of the increase of the components that establish mystical laws,
they also receive quite the burden.”
“But did you not say that when you use magicka to instigate a mystical
action, those components end up increasing, so entropy ends up increasing
and magicka becomes easier to use? Is that wrong?”
“Before the components can scatter in the area, if one gives birth to too
many of them in an instant, they will end up crowding together right there.
Even components of the same type will begin to interfere with each other.
In other words, the tiny people will find it difficult to move around and
magicka will end up being unusable.”
To add on to his explanation, Suimei began drawing on a piece of paper.
“Think of magicka as something that’s activated due to the power of the
tiny invisible people. It will be a slightly microscopic way of thinking about
it, but the tiny people require time to perform their work to activate