“It’s not something you can acquire easily, you know?”
“Then how do I acquire it?”
“Dunno.”
As Suimei indifferently asserted that, Mizuki slumped her shoulders and
sank into silence. Suimei got a little uncomfortable, took in a breath, and
then began speaking again.
“There’s something I’ve heard before. This’ll sound like something
you’d say, but people talk about a fire that burns in your heart, right?”
“That’s the hot-blooded type chuunibyou. I’m the cool, evil-eyed
chuunibyou type.”
“What’s with that? There’s categories now?”
“That’s right. It’ll be on the test, so you’d better study up,” Mizuki
declared in a proud, playful tone.
But the gloom quickly returned. It was from one extreme to another with
her. The way she worried too much about things hadn’t changed at all. She
must have been thinking about all this the entire way to the imperial capital.
“Mizuki, I don’t really know anything about what you call courage. But,
you know, humans have all sorts of emotions. When those emotions
become so grand that you’d never lose to what stands in your way, I think
that you’ll be able to take a step forward for sure.”
“But I don’t have any grand emotions...”
“You said you’d become Reiji’s strength at the castle, didn’t you? And
when you faced Rajas, wasn’t it because of your emotions that you rushed
in? Am I wrong?”
“That’s...”
“It’s fine. You already have courage. I don’t know where you keep
things you can’t see with your eyes, so it can be a little troublesome... But
there’s at least one time in everyone’s life, without exception, where they’re

forced to do nothing but grind their teeth. When that time comes, surely
you’ll be able to take a step forward.”
As Suimei said all this, Mizuki made a curious face.
“...Talking from experience?”
“Because I learned that far too late, I lost my father.”
“What?”
“Kidding. I told you he died in a traffic accident, right? I was just
joking.”
“That’s... unusually dark for you.”
Suimei slapped Mizuki’s slumped shoulders in an attempt to encourage
her.
“Well, don’t worry about it so much. You stood up against a monster.
Moving forward from there will come soon enough.”
Mizuki hung her head down like she was biting on her words. And when
she raised her head again, her gloomy expression from before was just a
little bit brighter.
“Yeah. Thanks. I think it may be a little easier now.”
Suimei flashed his usual sly smile in her direction.
While the two of them were talking, it seemed that there was a party of
people peeping on them from the second floor window. Four of them, to be
exact. Careful not to be heard by Suimei and Mizuki below, Titania
whispered to Reiji.
“Suimei is a lot more dependable than I thought he was.”
“To Mizuki, Suimei was her first good friend, after all. He’s special.
Honestly, I’m a little jealous of the fact that she can rely on him for things
like that.”
Reiji smiled bitterly at the thought that he wasn’t dependable. And when
Felmenia looked at him, her eyes lit up like she’d just figured something
out.
“I see. Is this that thing where you don’t want to show your weakness to
the person you love?”
“Huh? What are you talking about, Sensei? Who’s this person she
loves?”
He was deaf. No, rather than his ears being bad, it was more correct to
say his intuition was bad. Titania, Felmenia, and Lefille all let out a worried
groan.

“No, no. You’re supposed to sense it from context, Reiji-dono...” said a
somewhat exasperated Felmenia.
“That’s Reiji-kun for you...” Lefille replied, equally exasperated.
Reiji, meanwhile, still had no idea what was going on. He was sitting
there with a stumped look on his face and his head cocked to the side. In the
middle of the four of them peeping on their two friends below, the front
door swung wide open. The one who emerged from the house was Liliana.
“Hngh... Suimei, are you there?”
She was in her pajamas, and rather than being tied up in its usual
twintails, her reddish-violet hair fell freely behind her. She was hugging a
pillow and looked around with sleepy eyes. Even her voice was sleepy. Her
steps were a little shaky. She must have wandered outside while still half
asleep. Seeing this, Suimei spoke up.
“What’s wrong, Liliana?”
“I got lonely.”
“What happened to Lefi and Menia?”
Liliana shook her head.
“The two of them... aren’t there.”
“Aren’t there...?”
Hearing that, Suimei was seized with suspicion. What did she mean?
This was the only exit to the house, there’s no way they weren’t inside.
Then something set in on him. When he looked up, he could see shadows
moving in the upper window.
“So that’s how it is...”
He realized they must have been spying on him. Seeing all their heads
dive below the windowsill as he looked up, he let out a sigh and stood up
from his chair.
“Then shall we go back?”
Liliana let out a big yawn and, still in a sleepy daze, gave him a single
big nod.
“She’s quite attached to you, huh, Suimei-kun?”
“Hmm, it’d be nice if that was the case.”
“What do you mean, ‘if?’ That’s definitely the case. Seriously, that part
of you is just like someone I know...”
While talking of such things, the three of them returned to the house.

★
Several days had passed since Suimei’s fight with Titania and his talk
with Mizuki. In order to gather information on the tall shadow, Suimei was
doing his rounds about the city. Perhaps because the lingering heat on them
had cooled down, or perhaps because they never had any intent on coming
after them in the first place, the authorities hadn’t shown any interest in
them. As such, Suimei and Felmenia were no longer afraid to show their
faces outside.
Their current objective was naturally the capture of the mastermind
behind the scenes, the tall shadow. For the time being, Suimei had an idea
as to who this was, but for the sake of being able to drive them into a
corner, he needed to get a hold of more materials.
Both he and Felmenia split up for the purpose of covering more ground
in their search for information. Suimei was on his way back to the base
when he’d met up with Reiji, and the two of them were now headed back to
the house together. As Suimei walked along languidly, he admired the odd
sight of Reiji in his school uniform with a sword at his waist.
“To think you’ve already memorized the layout of the imperial
capital...”
“Yeah? If you just walk around normally, I think it’s something that
comes pretty naturally...”
Reiji replied like it was completely trivial. He’d spent the day strolling
the city alone to memorize its layout. As Suimei lightly nudged him with a
fist, Reiji put on a cheerful smile. But then in a drastic one-eighty, his
expression turned rather serious.
“Come to think of it, Suimei... If I remember right, you said you were
looking for a way back to our world, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, I want to return no matter what. Ah, of course once I find it, I’ll
let you guys know.”
“You will, huh? That sure you’re going to find it?”
“Don’t underestimate me, you hear? Who the hell do you think I am?”
As Suimei beat his fist against his own chest, Reiji suddenly burst out in
laughter.
“That part of you is so very odd...”
“Which?”

“Even though you said you didn’t want anything to do with danger,
aren’t you just jumping into danger on your own now?”
“I got enough of that sermon last time... If I don’t brave these dangers, I
won’t be able to grasp what I want.”
“Do you want to go back that badly?”
“What, is that weird?”
“No, it’s just that I thought you would find it easier here since this world
doesn’t have any shackles for you like ours did.”
As Reiji stared at the sky, Suimei retorted jokingly.
“It’s more relaxing over there, you know? There are plenty of delicious
things to eat, too.”
“You’re working hard because you want to relax?”
“That’s just how humans are,” Suimei declared in a self-deprecating
manner. He then let out a troubled sigh. “Besides, there are tons of things I
left behind.”
“That’s true...”
Reiji cast his gaze downward when he heard those words. There were
also things he’d left behind that weighed heavily on his mind. Since Suimei
had no living relatives anymore, if anything, it should have been easier for
him. One of Reiji’s biggest worries was his family. He thought about them
constantly. But rather than never seeing them again, Reiji was more
concerned about how they were doing. That was the reason he was so
downcast.
“Well, once I find the means and get it to work, I’ll contact you right
away, so look forward to it.”
“Heh, thanks.”
While walking back to the house with a lonely atmosphere lingering
around them, the boys approached the entry to the alley. There, Suimei
spotted a familiar face. It was a beautiful, blond, blue-eyed young man
casually loitering about as he took in the surroundings. And as this good-
looking young man turned to Suimei...
“How unusual. You’re with a man today?”
The boy who noticed Suimei and let out that sarcastic remark was the
hero from the Holy State, Elliot Austin. Seeing as this was Reiji’s first time
meeting him, he asked Suimei for an introduction.
“Suimei, this is...?”

“This pretty boy seems to be the great hero that was summoned by the
Holy State El Meide.”
“So that’s...”
Cutting short his surprise at their sudden encounter, Reiji stepped before
Elliot.
“I am Reiji Shana. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Reiji? Could you be the hero summoned by Astel...?”
It seemed Elliot had heard the name before. And when he asked about
Reiji’s identity, he confirmed it. When he did, Elliot gave him a courteous
bow and dressed up his greeting.
“I am Elliot Austin. I have heard rumors about you. It seems you
defeated a demon general, correct?”
“No, in truth, I didn’t really do that...”
“...?”
Before the bewildered Elliot, Reiji let out a troubled sigh and explained
what happened at the time. It took a while, but Reiji gave Elliot a rundown
of the truth. Elliot made a slightly irritated face as he let out a sigh.
“I see... You got swallowed into politics. How unfortunate.”
“That’s why those rumors floating around aren’t true.”
Reiji’s expression as he explained everything was tinged with
disappointment and woe. It seemed he incredibly disliked these rumors
being thrown about. It all made him quite anxious. He was a very serious
character, however, so that much was only normal. His ordinarily bright,
light brown eyes now reflected a darkness in them. It was enough that Elliot
perceived it. Using a considerate tone free of all severity, he gave Reiji