effective range of Graziella’s magic. From afar, Suimei could hear the
sound of Graziella clicking her tongue. He then put his gratitude for
Felmenia into words.
“...Sorry.”
“Please do not worry about it. Suimei-dono, you were driven into a
corner because of your injuries.”
“I’m supposed to be used to feeling completely worn down though...
How lame.”
He had carelessly unleashed his power, and was now unwillingly
retreating in defeat. He could only thank Felmenia again.
“...You saved me. Thank you.”
And with that, Suimei’s consciousness faded.

★
As Felmenia’s White Flame Hyacinth vanished, Graziella stood in the
middle of the scorched bricks and burning smell lingering in the air.
Thoroughly unamused, she closed her eyes and suppressed her overflowing
mana. She then watched Suimei and Felmenia flee without moving a
muscle. As she did, her attendant walked up beside her and gave a
respectful bow.
“Shall we pursue them?”
“It’s fine. I don’t care if we just leave them be.”
“Are you certain? With the way that man was speaking earlier, we could
have him taken in on charges of slander against the crown.”
“That is certainly the case, but he’s wounded. Besides, that man is
accompanied by White Flame-dono. If we push them too strongly, it may
result in needless friction with Astel.”
“Still, Your Highness...”
“If you lot will go and capture them on your own, I would not be against
giving you permission. But that’s not exactly something you can do, now is
it?”
As Graziella spoke with her attendant, she turned over her coat. She
took a brief glance at her attendant’s face, knowing full well the task she’d
set before them was impossible. The opponent in question was a formidable
foe that Graziella had been forced to use her trump card against. Even if
they prepared multiple people comparable to the Elite Twelve, it would still
be an incredible feat. Even if her attendant, whose abilities were not lacking
compared to Graziella’s, personally said that they would definitely capture
those two, it would be mere bravado.
“Besides, if we go too far, my elder brother will just get angry at us too.”
Letting out an exasperated sigh, Graziella then turned to Elliot and
Christa.
“Well then, I’ll have you bastards come with me.”
“...Understood.”
“Hmph, you’re unexpectedly discerning, aren’t you?”
“Shall I add on that I am also extremely reluctant?”
“No, that was impudent of me, wasn’t it?”
As she spat those words, Graziella returned to the pavilion with Elliot

and Christa in tow. Christa looked unhappy from start to finish, but since
she was serving Elliot, she had no choice but to follow along with him.
Graziella suddenly came to a stop as they were walking.
“I am somewhat dissatisfied, but it’s fine to call it a day with this, isn’t
it?”
She spoke bluntly, and her tone corroborated her dissatisfaction.
Graziella shifted her attention to the partially destroyed plaza. There were
structures and landscaping details that had been damaged by her magic as
well as Felmenia’s flame. But the most devastation came from Suimei’s
mana. Under the forceful wave of it, objects all over the plaza had
crumbled. She could still feel the tingle of that enormous power on her skin
as its remnants strongly lingered in the air.
Graziella realized that this was only the beginning. So even with
clenched fists and beads of sweat running down her face, she let out a
disappointed sigh.