“I have been waiting here for you.”
“Wha—?”
The skinny elf let out a bewildered gasp as the nun’s right hand pierced
through his chest. When she pulled it out of him, all the strength left his
body. His heart fell to the floor. His body had become like a rusted puppet;
it no longer moved as he willed it and a thick red fluid poured out of it.
Then, like his strings had been cut, he collapsed into a heap.
All that he could see as he felt himself being pulled into the abyss was
the figure of the nun with her stole hanging over one hand and her other
arm completely dyed red. His consciousness faded as he watched her lick
the blood from her fingers.
“Hmph. Elves always extol just how high class their blood is, but its
taste is unexpectedly bad.”
The disappointed voice of the therianthrope nun, Clarissa, reverberated
through the interior of the church. Looking at the empty husk of the elf with
disdain as she rued the taste of his disgusting blood, she turned away as if
she had completely lost interest. As she did, a small shadowy figure
appeared behind her.
“...As usual, you’ve got quite the nasty way of killing people.”
“Oh my, Jill. You were there?”
“I know you noticed me... Good grief, you really are shameless. But
yeah, I got here just a moment ago.”
The new arrival was Jillbert Griga, a female dwarf. She had a body that
was about the size of a child from the church’s school, but she was over
twenty years of age. And within that small body lay an unimaginable and
terrifying amount of physical strength. As if to prove it, she was twirling
around a large poleaxe on the tip of her finger like it was a quill pen. The
poleaxe was three times her size, and certainly didn’t look like something
she should be carrying, but she held it like it weighed nothing at all. Before
long, Jillbert leaned on her poleaxe and took a seat. Clarissa then raised a
question to her.
“What is the matter?”
“It was terrible... There’s no way it couldn’t have been. After being sent
to the east to fetch drinks, and then on top of that having to take care of that

kinda job... Sheesh, that person really does treat their subordinates roughly.”
Jillbert struck her shoulder as she let out a tired sigh. She was idly
complaining to somebody who was not present. However, keeping her
thoughts on the matter brief, she then looked over at the corpse on the floor.
“At any rate, is this alright? That guy was supposed to be Romeon’s
servant.”
“Not long ago, an order was passed down to eliminate both him and
Romeon.”
“Hmm... That so?”
A ferocious light dwelt in Jillbert’s eyes. She was like a beast who had
found its prey.
“Yes. He had gone too far and he was too rebellious... That is why...”
“Hmm? I understand the rebellious part, but what do you mean about
him going too far?”
“Jill, you are aware that that person had intended to usher in darkness,
correct?”
“Yeah. If it was that girl, then she would become quite the asset, right? It
was for that reason that they first came into contact with Romeon, right?”
“Yes. According to the plan, we would grant her wish and then usher her
in. But Romeon took matters into his own hands and began to use darkness
for his own purposes.”
Hearing this, Jillbert let out a grand sigh.
“Hahh, I see... So that’s how it all panned out. That’s why I was against
it from the beginning, you know? I said not to pull in Romeon ’cause he
had a vulgar stench to him.”
“Certainly, your nose is quite exceptional.”
“So are we going now? To bump that guy off?”
“No, it seems there won’t be a need for that.”
While Clarissa and Jillbert were discussing how to mete out punishment,
a man’s voice cut in on their conversation. Hearing the familiar voice, they
both turned to look. Standing there was a man with silver horns above his
ears, a dragonnewt wearing traditional Japanese-esque clothing.
“Hey, you’re late. I’ve never heard of a dragonnewt being so easygoing,
you know?”
“It’s been so long since I’ve walked the imperial capital streets. I got a
little overwhelmed.”

The dragonnewt replied frivolously to Jillbert’s criticism. On the other
hand, Clarissa greeted him in a cheerful voice like she was seeing a good
friend.
“It has been too long, Eanru. But what did you mean about there being
no need?”
“Just a moment ago, Romeon’s overflowing presence weakened. Also,
there was an omen of something big coming.”
“...Where from?”
“From the direction of the Imperial University Library— It’s here.”
Not a moment later, they all felt the presence of a massive amount of
mana as the world began to rumble. Pillars of light then began pouring
down incessantly from the sky. This abnormal event continued for a while,
but eventually, all fell quiet again.
“So he kicked the bucket? No, he’s just at death’s door... He was
completely blown away and never stood a chance.”
“...Hey, dragonkin, just who could do that kinda thing?”
“How should I know? I myself would love to know just who holds so
much power... Hmph... To think that in one night, not just one but two
people other than the heroes would surpass the power of the Geo Malifex.”
“Oh? Two people? What do you mean?”
“It’s just as I said. Right now, there are a total of five different strong
presences within the imperial capital. One was the source of what we just
saw. Another is around the north gate... It’s probably around where Geo
Malifex and the heroes are.”
“Huh...”
After Jillbert’s halfhearted reply, the interior of the church was filled
with Eanru’s pleasant laughter.
“You seem to be having fun.”
“Yeah, it’s been a long time since someone appeared who made my
blood boil. It gets me excited.”
“Damn battle maniac...”
Jillbert spat out an insult at Eanru, though he was only capable of
hearing such words as a compliment. Thrilled, he began speaking again in a
cheerful voice.
“Now... Clarissa, where is the Crimson Pain? Was that man not supposed
to come today?”

“The Crimson Pain is still rather busy, so he excused himself from
today’s gathering.”
“Even though that person is coming? He adores that person just like the
two of you, so for him to not be coming, the sky must be falling—although,
I suppose it is right now! Hahahahaha!”
Eanru suddenly laughing on his own was just business as usual. Clarissa
did not pay it any mind. Jillbert then returned to the subject of Crimson
Pain’s situation.
“There’s still a few complications left within the area. Those demons are
closing in real flashily, after all. ’Cause of that, he was detained for a
while.”
“Demons, huh? But didn’t the hero subjugate them?”
“Seems that wasn’t true.”
“Oho...”
“Well, setting that aside... It’s the cleanup that’s taking time. That
country is precious to the Crimson Pain, after all.”
“I see. How troublesome such obligations are. Well... It just proves he’s
strong, despite being a human.”
“That’s really all you’re on about today...”
As Eanru began laughing again, Jillbert could only sigh. Rather than
being astonished, it was more that she was just getting tired. But in a
complete change of attitude, Jillbert aimed a sharp gaze at Clarissa.
“So, Clara, what will we do about Romeon’s successor? If we don’t fill
in the hole he made, it will become a hindrance to our progress.”
“That has already been taken care of.”
“Who is it?”
“I had someone in mind that I suggested, but on top of apologizing for
this case, it seems that they have invited someone they had their eyes on
more seriously than before.”
“Their eyes on...? Is it someone who uses darkness?”
“No, darkness is being put on hold. They will come in contact with us
another day.”
Eanru then joined in on the conversation again.
“So? Is it someone who holds enough power to match us in a fight?”
“It seems their capabilities will not be a problem. After their business is
concluded, it seems they will meet up with us on their own.”

“What are our plans from here?”
“Apparently we are to head towards the Saadias Alliance.”
“Really now? If they were just going to send us back, there was no need
to call us here in the first place...”
As Eanru shared his astonishment at the wasted effort, Jillbert stared at
him like he was out of line.
“Didn’t you just say you were all excited?”
“Indeed I did. You’ve got me there.”
Eanru once more burst into laughter as Jillbert shook her head. Turning
away from him like she had completely given up on him, she looked at
Clarissa.
“Why are we going back to the Alliance?”
“It seems that the demons who slipped into Astel have altered the
schedule.”
“The schedule, huh...”
Jillbert couldn’t piece everything together from just that. She was trying
to put her finger on the broader implication. Clarissa, who was told this
directly, Eanru, and even the Crimson Pain, who wasn’t currently present,
surely also did not know. Everything was within that person’s head. So,
having nothing more to talk about with the others, Jillbert took her weapon
and began to walk back home. Eanru was all of a sudden at the exit of the
church. The corpse that was on the floor at their feet had also suddenly
vanished.
“Well then, everyone, once you have completed your preparations, head
to the Alliance.”
As Clarissa’s parting words finished echoing through the air, the church
was once more completely silent.