Epilogue I: As Long as One Smiles
“Good grief, just what could this mean...?”
With a furrowed brow, Suimei came to the entrance of the alley leading
to his base. The reason for his consternation was the confusing news the
knights who’d gone to do reconnaissance had brought back with them.
Yesterday, Suimei and the others managed to defeat the mastermind
Romeon without trouble and clear the suspicions against Liliana. Suimei
was thinking about his plans from here on out after pulling an all-nighter as
surprising information came fluttering to him. A moment ago, as a grim bell
rang throughout the city, the husk of Romeon’s body was tied to a stake in
the southern plaza. But that was all fine and well. The Empire had a need to
declare to the public that the criminal behind the coma incidents had been
caught. Even though their response was a bit hasty, it wasn’t unreasonable.
The other thing the knights had reported concerned the leaflets that were
passed around to explain to the citizens what had really happened regarding
the incidents. It included that Liliana being considered a suspect was a
mistake. Not only that, it was written that for the sake of capturing the true
criminal, despite that she was being pursued herself, she took a role in his
capture. This wasn’t unreasonable either. The higher-ups of the Empire
needed to fabricate an appropriate story to explain why they hadn’t been
able to apprehend the person who was considered the prime suspect for so
long.
However, the fact that official notice came out before even a day had
passed, and that it went as far as to clear Liliana’s name and defend her to
the general public, made Suimei cock his head.
Right now, the imperial capital was in a far calmer state than when
Suimei had first arrived. No matter where he went, people only had praise
for Liliana now. It was as if all the animosity for her had vanished in the
night. On top of that, there was even talk of the nobles who’d been in a
coma regaining consciousness, leaving Suimei completely stumped. Lefille,
who was standing behind Suimei, lifted the brim of her hat and squinted her

eyes.
“What an odd story. This is of course the result of something you did,
right, Suimei-kun?”
“I can’t do that kinda thing. Posting about Romeon on a notice board is
easy, but to actually be able to change the minds of the people on
something, frankly speaking, is pretty absurd, you know?”
To manipulate the sentiments of an entire city in the span of a scant few
hours was ridiculous. The way Suimei could think of to do it would be to
place magicka on the notice board to overwrite the sentiments of anyone
who saw it. In a sense, it would use the words to infect the populace. The
question then was if that was something higher-ups of the Empire could or
would do.
It wasn’t impossible, but they had no real reason to go out of their way
to do it. And whether they had the means to do so was another matter
entirely. There was also the matter of how they would be able to hide the
fact that magicka had been applied to the notice board. So all things
considered, for all of this to have happened so quickly and flawlessly was
insane. And while things had cooled down, Suimei was planning on
leaving.
“Suimei-kun, it seems nothing will come out of thinking about it more.”
“I’m not completely convinced, but I guess we have to give up on
figuring it out...”
As he returned to the base with Lefille in tow, Reiji, Felmenia and the
others were on their way out. Reiji called out to Suimei when he saw him.
“Is it like we thought, Suimei?”
“Yeah.”
As Suimei confirmed briefly that what the knights had told them was
indeed the truth, Reiji’s expression became quite stern. With a wrinkle
between his brows, he let out a dubious groan.
“...What does it all mean?”
“Who knows? No matter how much I think about it, I don’t get it, so I
ended up just giving up on finding the answer.”
“Is that... really alright?”
“It obviously isn’t. It isn’t, but there’s nothing I can do about it.”
“Could it be that man’s doing?”
“Rogue-san, huh?”

It was certainly possible that Rogue was moving in the shadows, but it
was difficult to imagine him managing so much on his own. Besides, he
was most likely no longer in the imperial capital.
“Well, it’s fine, isn’t it? With this, the people of the city don’t have to
live in fear anymore, so things have improved, at least.”
“Suimei, that’s kind of irresponsible...”
Reiji slumped his shoulders in disbelief. Suimei was racking his brain
over just what was going on, but without a conclusion, it left an unsettling
feeling in the pit of his stomach. They’d managed to settle Liliana’s case in
time, but there were still portions of it he didn’t understand. There was also
the matter of how Romeon had come to know about savage names. There
was nothing left in Romeon’s memories that explained it.
Suimei felt like things were in motion somewhere he couldn’t see. And
he couldn’t tell if the forces behind them were bad or good.
“Also, everyone, sorry for this being so sudden, but in two or three days,
I’m going to need you all to leave.”
Receiving this sudden notice of eviction, Mizuki cried out in a surprised
tone.
“W-Wait a sec, Suimei-kun! That’s too sudden! Besides, since Liliana-
chan’s problem has been solved now, there’s no need for you and the others
to leave the imperial capital, right?”
“That’s true. But we’ll be going to the Saadias Alliance soon, so you’ll
need to find somewhere else to stay while you’re in the imperial capital.”
“The Alliance? Not the self-governed state? Why?”
As Mizuki tilted her head to the side, Reiji answered her as a thought
came to mind.
“Is it to find a way to go back to our world?”
“That’s right. There was something like that written in the book Menia
brought to me earlier.”
Hearing this, Titania directed a reproachful look at Suimei.
“Suimei, you say you’re looking for a way back, but does that mean that
once you find it, you intend to just leave Liliana behind on her own?”
Titania’s words for him were more barbed than ever before. But it was
understandable. On one hand, Suimei was saying that he would look after
Liliana, while on the other, he was saying he wanted to go back to his
world. Hearing them one after the other, they sounded like contradictory

statements. But Suimei had thought about this himself.
“Of course not. Once I find a way back, I’ll take Liliana with me and
properly look after her. It’s only reasonable that I do something until she is
able to stand on her own, after all.”
“Y-Yes, that’s... obvious. If Suimei left me and went on his own... it
would be a problem!”
“I said it’ll be fine.”
“Really and truly? For sure?”
In a fluster, Liliana was on the verge of shouting as she worriedly
questioned Suimei. Mizuki standing next to her smiled with a broad grin
like she’d just found a new weapon.
“She’s really attached to you, huh?”
“You really have to say that each and every time...”
It was their usual exchange. Mizuki prodded at him, and Suimei replied
like she was off the mark. But then Felmenia stepped in.
“S-Suimei-dono.”
As she called out to him, she looked at him with expectant, pleading
eyes. Perhaps she wanted to be acknowledged as one of his students too.
She looked uncertain and anxious as she waited for an answer, which could
only mean...
“Does Menia also want to come?”
“Y-Yes! Of course! If it reaches the point where I can come and go, then
without fail!”
She gave an energetic, delighted reply to Suimei’s question as if
something extraordinarily good had happened. Suimei then looked over his
shoulder and asked Lefille the same thing.
“What about Lefi?”
Lefille, however, slightly puffed out her cheeks like she was pouting.
“How cold. You already know I’d go anywhere with you.”
“I see.”
Lefille had not a single living relative in this world. She had no place to
go back to and no place to call home, so Suimei thought it might be nice to
bring her back to his world with him.
As all the talking wound down, Suimei headed towards the house on his
own. That is, until Felmenia came bounding after him like a puppy. He
stopped and looked back at her as he reached the front door.

“Suimei-dono, there is something I would like to ask you.”
“What is it?”
“It is about what you taught me about yesterday, mystical entropy.”
“Ah, that? Yeah, it’s pretty complicated. If you have any questions, just
keep them coming.”
Suimei grabbed the doorknob and went inside. Felmenia came in behind
him. She seemed to be stumped on something, as she had her head tilted to
the side.
“Even if one increases entropy, the ratio of ‘the components that
establish mystical laws’ and ‘the components that establish physical laws’
will eventually return to normal, right?”
“Yeah, just like I explained yesterday. Do you have questions about it?”
“But Suimei-dono, if that is the case, then would it not be possible to
continuously use magicka to the point where all physical laws in the world
are disordered?”
Hearing those words, Suimei stood there stock still with his back turned
to her. With his hand on the door to close it, his whole body stiffened. Or
rather, it was more like time had completely stopped for him. He was frozen
in place.
“...”
“Suimei-dono?”
Felmenia wasn’t sure what was going on. Suimei almost always replied
right away, so his current behavior was certainly odd. She had to wonder if
the answer was something he didn’t actually know.
“What will you do with that knowledge?”
“Was... Was it not something I should have asked?”
“No, that’s not it... It’s something about our world, so I didn’t think it
had much to do with you.”
“...Does it not have something to do with this world as well?”
“I can’t say it definitively. Though honestly, as long as humans are
around, there’s an eight or nine out of ten chance...”
“...?”
Felmenia was unable to firmly grasp what Suimei was talking about. As
she wrinkled her brow, Suimei began to answer her initial question.
“Just like you said, even when the components that establish mystical
and physical laws mix, the large amount of physical components in the

surrounding space will bring the physical laws back into equilibrium.
However, the mixing of components is an irreversible phenomenon; it isn’t
like the components which mixed together returned to their original state.”
“So in that case, if one continues to use magicka, would the world
eventually enter a state where all laws become disordered?”
“That’s right. Even though it returns to its previous state, the place that
humans occupy is a closed world. The time where scientific laws, natural
order, natural phenomena, and the common sense held by humans all end
up a threat will inevitably come. Until then, humans would have to find a
means of running away from it, or perhaps if they manage to solve the
mysteries of the cosmos...”
“Mysteries of the cosmos...?”
Suimei didn’t answer her there, but continued explaining in concepts
that Felmenia could understand.
“The world is made of physical laws known as the ‘theory of universal
eternity.’ If those laws are disordered, no matter how many experiments are
run, they would be unable to get any results using those laws as a
foundation. In other words, at that point, humanity would no longer be able
to develop science any further. And when scientific development comes to a
stop, the profits from similar academic pursuits would dry up. Development