would stop there, too. In the end, even the development of magicka would,
since it too is based on the knowledge of the world.”
As Suimei continued without prompting, Felmenia got chills like she
could tell this was something she shouldn’t have touched on. Her
expression was filled with tension and fear. Yet Suimei still continued.
“When the development of knowledge is lost, humanity will be unable
to attain new knowledge and nothing new will be born. That kind of world
is as good as dead. As long as the concept of time exists in the world,
humans will always be in a position where they are unable to escape the
progress of time. If they lose the ability to oppose the flow of time by
creating new things, then it’s only a matter of course before they slowly die.
A world without development is but a shell of a world. A waste. In other
words, this final moment would be when mystical entropy overflows.”
Suddenly, an icy feeling crawled down Felmenia’s back. Suimei was
alluding to things that should be unrelated to this world, but even so, she
felt like she was in danger.

“Then... is magicka something that should not exist?”
“No, that’s not the case. Whether or not magicka exists, both the
mystical and physical must be kept in balance.”
“Is that possible?”
“No.”
Suimei cut down all hope she had with but a single word. Felmenia
looked up at him with anxiety in her eyes.
“I believe I mentioned it when that phenomenon of the end of the world
appeared in Astel. The end is predetermined. If magicka continues to
develop, then the development of the world will come to an end. If science
continues to develop, eventually the world’s resources will dry up and the
world will succumb to heat death. Of course, if humanity spreads too much,
you can think of them as overflowing the container we call the world. And
the pent up resentment I talked to you about before would gather and
accelerate the deterioration of the entire world. The use of resources and the
development of knowledge, even in a world where the population is
controlled, will end a world. But so will stagnation and a lack of
development. The short of it is that all born into the world are destined to
perish.”
There was no hope. Understanding the gravity of that, Felmenia was
rendered speechless. Even if what Suimei was talking about was something
that would happen in the distant future, it did not change the fact that
everyone in the world would one day meet their end in vain as they slowly
went mad and wasted away.
“As long as humans are an intelligent life form, I believe it’s very likely
that this world, just like mine, is one ruled by the theory of universal
eternity. If you think about it like that...”
“Then our world too will meet its end one day?”
As Suimei turned around, Felmenia was standing there looking up at
him with eyes that asked him for answers. She wanted to know what she
should do. Just like a teacher looking at a troubled student, he smiled gently
at her.
“Well, there’s no reason to be so pessimistic about it. Certainly, the end
of the world is predetermined, making it all pretty worthless in the long run.
But even so...”
As he said that, Suimei beckoned over Liliana, who was surrounded by

Reiji and the others. Seeing that, Liliana slipped out of the circle and
walked up to the door.
“Suimei... What’s wrong?”
“It’s nothing, really. There’s the case of looking for a means to return to
my world, but after all, I think we should look for Rogue too. Having to
stay separated from him like this... You hate it, right?”
“Oh... Yes!”
With Suimei gently stroking her head, she had gotten bashful. Seeing
that from a distance, Reiji and the others warmly watched over the two of
them.
“Ah...”
Having figured out what Suimei was trying to say, Felmenia raised her
voice. Seeing this, Suimei put on a smile with a tranquil heart.
“Even if the world is worthless, if even a little bit of it can stay in a state
where everyone can smile, isn’t that a good thing?”