Prologue: Reiji and Company, Back
Again in the Empire
Staring up into the air, all that filled his vision was the clear blue sky.
Back in his hometown, towering buildings overhead would crowd the sight,
making it impossible to see nothing but pure sky. But here in this other
world, there was nothing to obstruct his view. And on this particular day,
when he arrived at the border between Astel and Nelferia, he was greeted
by this piercing blue sky.
It was now several days after Suimei had tried to convince Liliana on
that fateful evening. The hero of Astel and his party had just arrived at the
fortress that stood on the national border of the Nelferian Empire. Reiji
finished up with his entry inspection ahead of the others, and was now
gazing at the land that spread out before him. Mizuki, who finished her
inspection next, took her place by his side.
“So we’ve finally reached the Nelferian Empire, huh, Reiji-kun?”
“Mm, we sure did.”
Mizuki was pointing a sweet smile towards him as he replied with a
gentle expression. After departing Kurant City, they’d left Hadorious’s
domain on horseback. They traveled along the large highway that connected
Astel, Nelferia, the Saadias Alliance, and the Self-Governed State. Up until
reaching the border, the scenery along the way had been verdant. But upon
entering Nelferia, the amount of greenery decreased as the terrain changed.
The geography here showed the characteristics of dry land carved out by
ancient rivers. There would be more plant life once they reached the oasis
of the capital, but they would not see vast forests like they had in Astel
again for some time. Mizuki offered up her thoughts on the scenery.
“I was thinking this earlier too, but this place sure does look kinda like
the Grand Canyon, doesn’t it?”
The landscape before her reminded her of a familiar scene she often saw
in pictures and on television. Just as she said, the territory around the Grand

Canyon was quite similar. Right before them was even a large ravine that
had a very narrow yet deep river flowing through it.
“What do you think of it all, Reiji-kun?”
“Huh? Oh. I don’t think it’s quite as rugged-looking, but it does have a
very similar impression, yeah.”
“Right? Man, we have to pass through here again... Ugh.”
“Do you find it tedious?”
“I mean, last time we came through here, I ruined my shoes...”
“Now that you mention it, that did happen, didn’t it?”
Mizuki was making a face like she was already tired and hung her head
in a most crestfallen fashion. She looked down at her feet.
“And my feet are gonna get so sore...”
“You have magic, so won’t that part be manageable?”
Reiji was being optimistic, but it didn’t do much to lift Mizuki’s spirits.
She continued pouting. Most of the road ahead of them was well
maintained, but there would be a stretch where they had to dismount their
horses and walk. It was a particularly rough stretch of the path with bare
rocks jutting out everywhere. Mizuki, who was unused to such trekking,
ended up ruining her sneakers that she’d brought with her from their world
in the process. It turned out they were one of her favorite pairs, so she was
quite depressed when it happened. She then had to switch to new shoes,
which were nowhere near as comfortable, and couldn’t hide her
disappointment.
“But you know, Reiji-kun, using magic to soften the pain all the time is
a bother too.”
“I guess so. After the effect wears off, you just have to keep casting it
again and again, huh?”
“Uh-huh. But you must have it nice, Reiji-kun. Your feet don’t hurt at
all, do they?”
“That’s... Well, that’s because I have the divine protection.”
“Hey, can you share a little of that with me?”
Mizuki looked up at Reiji with a charming smile and her hands clasped
in front of her chest, but...
“That’s impossible.”
“Cheapskate, cheapskate, cheapskaaate!”
Mizuki adorably puffed out her cheeks in disappointment. He felt bad

for her, but the impossible was simply impossible. If it was within his
power, he gladly would have split the blessing with her without her even
asking. But knowing there was nothing he could do, Reiji turned his gaze
back towards the ravine. Passing through this place a second time was
somehow moving to him.
“Passing through here again... It’s kind of a strange feeling...”
And as he was getting carried away by his emotions...
“Of course it is. After all, you jumped clean over it last time, Reiji-
sama.”
“Wha?! I... I... I...”
Reiji turned around in response to the voice that had called out to him.
Titania had finally finished with her inspection too and was now talking to
him with a smile on her face. Reiji could only return a cramped smile.
“But Tia, I thought you guys forgave me for that already...”
“Certainly, though I believe I’m still allowed to complain about it from
time to time.”
“Tia’s right, Reiji-kun. We said we’d forgive you, but no one said
anything about forgetting it.”
“Aww, come on, Mizuki...”
His friend had betrayed him. Both Mizuki and Titania were standing
next to Reiji now, and the two girls gave him the same skeptical look. As
they teased him, the female knight in their party, Luka, came out of the
fortress. Upon closer inspection, she was carrying something unfamiliar in
her hands, and she walked up to Titania with it.
“Your Highness, you forgot this.”
“Oh, thank you, Luka. Was there something I—?!”
The moment Titania, who had been smiling with Mizuki just now,
turned to look at Luka, she suddenly froze in place. Reiji was confused as to
why she seemed so surprised. It wasn’t that dramatic of an event to have
forgotten something, after all. Mizuki curiously cocked her head to the side
as well.
“What’s wrong?”
“Th-Th-Th-Th-There is nothing wrong, Mizuki!”
Titania was in a complete fluster. A little to the side, Reiji was looking at
the package that Luka was holding. It was long and cylindrical, and
produced a metallic clang when it moved.

“That’s... a sword, isn’t it? Is it yours, Tia?”
“What?! Reiji-sama, when did you...?!”
“So you were holding on to something like this? A sword, huh? That’s a
little surprising.”
“That is, um... It’s, um...”
“Oooh! Hey, hey! Could that be a treasured sword of the royal family?
The kind of ornamental sword that isn’t very useful practically, but that
royalty absolutely must carry with them whenever they go out on a journey
as a sign of their authority?!”
“Huh?! Oh, yes, that is correct! It is just as Mizuki says! It is exactly
that!”
“I don’t know what it is, Tia, but you’ve been acting pretty strange for a
while now...”
“It is just your imagination, Reiji-sama!”
Titania denied it with such force that beads of sweat were now falling
from her forehead. She was unable to maintain her composure. Quite
unusual for the princess, she was a complete mess. Mizuki, standing beside
her, seemed to remember something and looked up into the sky as she
changed the topic.
“A sword, huh...? That reminds me. Your sword’s gotten pretty worn out,
hasn’t it, Reiji-kun?”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
It was just as Mizuki said. Reiji put on a worried expression as he drew
the sword from his waist. Emerging from its sheath, it was quite obvious the
blade was covered in nicks. The cause of the damage was the encounters
they’d had with demons as well as the big fight with Rajas. Not only was he
wielding the sword with only a limited amount of experience, but the
clashes he’d had with Rajas’s fists had done a number on the orichalcum
blade. While examining its condition, Titania cleared out her throat and
spoke up.
“I believe there will be skilled blacksmiths here in the Empire. If they
cannot repair it, I believe we should have you a new one made. Personally, I
would prefer it if we could hold out until we reach the Saadias Alliance or
the Self-Governed State though.”
Titania seemed quite insistent on that last part, which got Reiji a bit
curious.

“Are the blacksmiths in the Alliance amazing, Tia?”
“Yes. I believe I have mentioned before that the Saadias Alliance was
formed when many small countries came together. A long time ago, when
they were deciding on the leaders of the Alliance from amongst the member
countries, the representatives from each country competed with swords.”
“Ah! So that’s why everything to do with swords is quite popular there
to this day, right?”
“Yes, when it comes to sword techniques, smithing, and strong
swordsmen, the Saadias Alliance is in a league of its own.”
Reiji then hoisted up his orichalcum sword and gazed far into the
distance.
“A country of swords and swordsmen, huh? I’d love to get in some
training in a place like that.”
Right after saying that, Reiji laughed and tried to gloss it over as a joke,
but Titania answered him seriously nonetheless.
“If I remember correctly, of the Seven Swords, three of them should be
in the Saadias Alliance. If we have the opportunity to go there, we may be
able to meet them.”
“I’ve been hearing about the Seven Swords quite a bit, but are they
strong?”
“The Seven Swords are praised as the strongest swordsmen in all the
northern continent. It is said that the skill of each one is equivalent to a
thousand soldiers.”
“A thousand?! That’s amazing! One warrior matching a thousand! It’s
like a real-life Lu Bu!”
Titania’s explanation brought out Mizuki’s inner chuuni.
“Even here in the Empire, there is a swordsman given the name of
‘Lonely Shadow.’ After achieving military acclaim in many night battles
and ambushes, he became known as the foremost swordsman in the nation.
The armies of the nations at the Empire’s southern border have borne
witness to his strength in the most unexpected places. He’s so prolific that
there are even songs about him people use to scare their disobedient
children.”
“Like, if you don’t listen, he’ll come for you, right? That’s incredible.”
Reiji was honest in his admiration and, for some reason, Titania
suddenly put on the air of a know-it-all.

“I have spoken of various swordsmen, certainly, but I don’t think it
should be necessary that you seek tutelage under any of them, I must say.”
“Why’s that?”
“Your instincts with a sword are quite good, Reiji-sama. And you also
learned the fundamentals at the castle, so instead of trying to learn someone
else’s style, it would be better to improve yourself as you have been.”
“You think so, Tia? Do you have an eye for that kind of stuff?”
“What? Oh, i-it’s just a feeling! I mean, you’re the hero of Astel, after
all!”
“...I think you’re right, Reiji-kun. She’s definitely been acting weird.
“I told you that’s just your imagination!”
“Well, regardless of whether or not I take any training, it’s impossible to
head for the Saadias Alliance right away anyways.”
As Reiji stated that, he returned his sword to its sheath and then turned a
serious expression towards Mizuki and Titania.
“We’re headed off to investigate the movements of that princess from
the Empire we met earlier, right? Tia, what do you think about that?”
“I wonder... I do not know just what that man’s intent is.”
It was rare for Titania to show her displeasure so plainly. It seemed she
really and truly did not get along well with Hadorious. The duke had told
them in Kurant City to go to the Empire, and Reiji remembered quite well