downward. Even her words were somehow irresponsible, and had a sense of
resignation to them.
“...Are you really okay with this?”
“Yes, it’s the same as always. Users of ominous magic... are detested...
in the Empire. I am—No, no matter where it is... I am so reviled.”
Suimei could hear Liliana’s somehow lonely mutter. She sounded like
she was complaining that nothing could be done about it anymore.
“The department that I belong to... is special. It’s a place that’s easy to
hate... to begin with, so having someone like me there... is convenient.”
It was certainly true that the military had special departments, and there
were inevitably ones that the people didn’t like. An especially large military
courted both domestic and foreign discontent, but if there was an easy target
to criticize, all eyes would just stop there. So was Liliana saying that she
was taking on the brunt of that malice herself?
As Suimei looked around, the receding crowd was still casting glances
at the two of them like they were wild animals they wouldn’t dare shake a
stick at. People were peeking warily out of shop windows and scowling
from the shadows of buildings. All with the same dark, contemptuous light
in their eyes. No one should look at a child that way.
And eventually, just as Liliana said, all the gawkers were gone. Having
suffered through their treatment, Liliana was also about to leave, but...
“Wait a sec.”

“What is it?”
“You’re injured.”
Had she been hit by the mages’ magic? The nape of her neck was
slightly reddened. It was likely a burn or something similar. Suimei walked
up to her, and held his hand up to the affected area.
“What are y—”
“Just keep still for a bit.”
A light green phosphorescence rose from his hand. It was healing
magicka. By Suimei’s healing hands, the inflamed portion of skin quickly
returned to its normal, healthy state. As if Liliana was rubbing something
mysterious, she then put her hand to the nape of her neck that had been
burned.
“...Why?”
“Hmm?”
“Why are you... trying to be kind to me?”
“No reason. I’m just a whimsical busybody. Does that strike a nerve?”
“Yes, very much so.”
What arose in Liliana as she acknowledged that was a sentiment like
anger. And seeing her face in such a state, a helpless sense of pity surged
out within Suimei.
“It would be fine... if you also... just did the same as them.”
“What? Scorn you? Look at you with those eyes?”
“That’s right.”
“Do you really want it that way?”
“That’s...”
“There’s no way you do, right?”
“...”
Liliana hung her head in silence. The strength in her shoulders faded,
and they drooped slightly.
“Can you get back on your own?”
“D-Do not treat me like a child!”
“I guess you’ll be fine then. I also have things to do, so I’m going,
alright?”
With that, Suimei walked off in the direction of where he’d had his run-
in with the culprit.
“Have it... your way,” he thought he heard someone mutter behind him.

★
“I’m back.”
After finishing with his investigation of the crime scene, which bore no
fruit, Suimei returned to his house. Lost deep in thought, he nearly forgot to
take off his shoes and came to a sudden stop at the front door. As he
casually looked deeper into the entryway, he spotted Lefille lying in wait
under the warm glow of a lamp.
“Welcome home.”
“So you got back first, huh, Lefi? What are you doing just standing
around there?”
“I was waiting for you to get back.”
“Me?”
As Suimei curiously questioned her, Lefille nodded as she pointed
towards the bathroom. And as Suimei came to an understanding, he nodded.
She likely wanted him to prepare the bath for her.
The Empire maintained its own water supply, so its citizens could draw
from it at any time. But getting hot water required magic. So getting a hot
bath would either require someone in the house to know the right magic, or
the summoning of a specialist. Obviously, in this house with two magic
experts, there was no need for the latter. In fact, the job of heating the bath
was left exclusively to Suimei.
“But still, is that a reason to just lie in wait like that?”
“Well, when I brought the cats with me, I got covered in hair, you see.”
“Sounds awful.”
As Suimei drew closer, Lefille’s disastrous state became apparent. Her
clothes, her exposed skin, and even her shiny red hair illuminated by the
orange glow of the lamp were all covered in cat hair. It looked like she’d
gotten into a grand scuffle in the back alleys. It was a little pathetic.
“Is that all?”
“Pardon...? Would there be something else?”
Perhaps she was looking for some gratitude? Just as Suimei was
wondering that, Lefille began to pout.
“Oh you... How unreliable... Should I turn you into a walking furball
too?”
“I’m fine as I am, Your Excellency. From here, I’m going to seclude

myself in my lab, prepare all sorts of magickal items, and go through the
book I got from Menia, you see...”
“There’s no need to be so modest. Aren’t we companions? Let’s savor
this ticklish feeling together, shall we?”
“Hang on... Just hold your horses there.”
Suimei objected, but Lefille was in a fairly playful mood.
“It’s quite refreshing to see you shrink away, Suimei-kun. It’s most
amusing.”
“Hey, don’t mess around with me!”
“What’s the problem, hmm?”
Suimei heard Lefille giggle as she threw her arms in the air. She was
fully intent on catching him and rubbing up against him. But just then, the
front door opened once more.
“I have returned.”
“Oh, welcome home, my savior...”
As Suimei said that to Felmenia, who had just come back after having
finishing up gathering information, he put her in front of him and casually
darted around behind her.
“...Is something the matter?”
Unable to grasp the situation, Felmenia looked at him with a blank
expression. It seemed she’d gone all out with her investigation. Her
complexion wasn’t great, and he could see the fatigue in her face.
“Suimei-kun, it’s cowardly to use Lady Felmenia as a shield, you
know?”
“Look who’s talking. You were just about to jump on me.”
“Oh you...”
Based on that, Felmenia seemed to deduce what had happened, and
turned a reproachful gaze on Suimei.
“Suimei-dono...”
“Eeeh, well, all joking aside...”
With that, Suimei patted both Felmenia’s shoulders.
“Menia, how about you have Lefi teach you how to fix the bath today?
You haven’t done it yet, right?”
“Huh?! A b-bath? I do not really... Um...”
In an upset voice, Felmenia began to panic.
“You’re right. This is a good opportunity. Today I’ll teach you the

virtues of a good bath!”
“Nooo...”
Felmenia could only whimper in the face of Lefille’s eagerness. Since
Astel had no custom of bathing, she seemed to be resistant to the idea. Up
until now, she had obstinately refused to be involved with the bath at all. If
she would just try it once, her way of thinking about it would change
instantly, but she wasn’t even willing to do that. And then, as if trying to get
some distance from Suimei and Lefille, who were blocking her escape
routes to the front and rear, she stepped to the side.
“Certainly it doesn’t have to be today, no? There will be any number of
other opportunities...”
“Isn’t that what you said last time?”
“Lady Felmenia, the same excuse won’t work twice in a row.”
With both of them boxing her in, Felmenia was losing ground quickly.
But then, as if she’d been struck with a great idea, she looked at them both
quite seriously.
“To tell you the truth, House Stingray has a family precept that forbids
me from bathing, so...”
“My, is that so?”
It looked like Lefille was ready to swallow her plausible excuse after
hearing the phrase “family precept,” but not Suimei.
“How naive, Menia. In our world, we have magicka to see through lies,
you know...”
“That is unfair! The magicka from Suimei-dono’s world is nonsense!”
“So it really was a lie, wasn’t it?”
“Ah...”
Even though things would have worked out in her favor if she just
persevered a little longer, Felmenia was an upright person at the very core
of her being, and couldn’t keep up the lie.
“Lady Felmenia, you don’t know when to give up, do you? Just resign
yourself and get in the bath with me already.”
“Then in that case, I’ll leave heating up the bath to you.”
“No way...”
Sandwiched between them, Felmenia had no way to escape. After
confirming that her fore and aft were both blocked off, she slumped her
shoulders in resignation. Crestfallen, she was pulled away by Lefille.

After a short time, while Suimei was trying to decide where all the cats
would go, he happened to walk by the dressing room and could hear the
rustling of clothes. It seemed that the bath had been heated up, and all
preparations were complete. And just then...
“What?!”
“...What is the matter, Lefille?”
From the dressing room, Suimei could hear the surprise in Lefille’s
voice and the confusion in Felmenia’s. He thought something was wrong,
but...
“B-Big...”
“Huh?”
“Tch, those may just be more than I had in my original form...”
Just what was she so shocked to see? Suimei was clueless, but Felmenia
seemed to figure it out.
“I don’t really understand... but is this about my breasts?”
“That’s right. Exactly what did you eat to grow like that, Lady
Felmenia?”
“Nothing in particular that I am aware of...”
“Are you trying to keep it a secret? That won’t work!”
“It’s alright. In time, yours will grow big too, Lefille.”
Felmenia kindly remonstrated Lefille, but Lefille mustered her
competitive spirit.
“I-If I were to return to my original form... Um, I wouldn’t be... quite as
big as you, but...”
“Original form... you say? You’ve been speaking of such a thing for
quite a while now, but just what do you mean by that?”
“As a matter of fact, this childish form I inhabit right now isn’t my true
form. In truth, I’m both older and taller than you.”
“U-Umm...”
Felmenia expressed perplexed hesitation at this declaration, at which
