“...”
“You’re trying not to let others close to you, but in the end, it’s like a
dog barking at people. So why do you unleash that murderous intent on
people? I mean, I get those guys from earlier, but it’s not like you’ve only
got enemies around you, right?”
As he asked Liliana that, they turned a corner and came across an
overblown store that had a signboard out front with a slogan on it meant to
stimulate the appetite of passersby. There were children nearby playing
around with a ball. They stopped, however, and turned towards Suimei and
Liliana like herbivores sensing a predator. They then scattered and ran in all
directions. Liliana tossed a glance at Suimei.
“I don’t need... to say it, do I? If there’s anything else to say... it’s that
I’m a soldier... and that you’re a citizen. There is nothing more... and
nothing less than that.”
“I thought it’d be easier if you just acted normally, but... It’s none of my
business, huh? Sorry.”
Suimei apologized for butting in too much into her personal matters.
Liliana then quietly muttered a single word.
“...Name.”
“Hmm?”
“Your name. I don’t know... what your name is. It’s unfair for only you
to know my name... so inform me promptly.”
Suimei thought back on it and realized she was right. He’d never told
her.
“It’s Suimei Yakagi.”
“Shiumay Hakagee.”
“...”
“...What is it, Shiumay?”

“No, no. Suimei Yakagi.”
“Shu... S... Suimei Yakagi. Like that?”
Suimei nodded. She at least got the pronunciation right. As Suimei
expected, she then offered a comment about how unusual his name was, and
he could only smile wryly in response. After Suimei finally introduced
himself, a man wearing a military uniform appeared from around the street
corner. With black, swept-back hair dotted with gray strands, he looked to
be in the true prime of his manhood. He had a sword at his waist, and his
sharp uniform had not a single wrinkle on it.
Suimei recognized this man. He’d passed by him on his way out of the
church, and Lefille had judged him to be quite strong. When Liliana’s eye
fell on him, as if her body was bound by strings of tension, she stiffened up
with a snap. Was he someone she knew? When the man’s gaze fell on
Liliana, his stern brow wrinkled slightly, and he walked right up to her.
“Liliana. What are you doing here?”
“Colonel...”
Suimei’s prediction was right on the mark. When Liliana responded, she
sounded somewhat surprised. She was so tense, in fact, that she couldn’t
even get out the rest of her reply.
“Answer me, Liliana.”
“I-I have been investigating... the matter from before... in this area.”
“The matter from before? You needn’t bother. That’s something other
people can handle.”
“But still...”
“All you have to do is listen to what I have to say. Refrain from anything
unnecessary aside from your military duties, and just be obedient.”
“...Yes.”
A sharp gaze pierced through Liliana, and the man she’d called
“Colonel” doled out strict words. In response to his high-handed manner of
speaking like he was rebuking her, Liliana’s shoulders strikingly drooped.
Her crestfallen expression conveyed the pain she felt at having incurred this
man’s displeasure. However, the man’s words and tone were certainly—
“And you are? Why are you together with Liliana?”
“Huh? Oh, I was having her guide me to the Imperial University
Library. I can’t seem to get my bearings around here, so I got a bit lost and
asked her for help.”

“I...”
“Are you not from the imperial capital?”
“I only recently arrived here.”
After Suimei’s brief reply, the man scrutinized him from head to toe and
then closed his eyes. Was he trying to identify something suspicious or
threatening in him? Perhaps having realized there was nothing of the sort,
he let out a breath as if laughing at himself. He then spoke again in his ever-
calm voice.
“I see. In the current state of affairs, I cannot say that public order in the
imperial capital is good right now. This also applies when going to places
you’re unfamiliar with, but do be sure not to walk around too much at night
on your own.”
“Thank you kindly for the advice. I appreciate it.”
“Also, to reach the Imperial University Library, go straight down this
path, turn left when you come to the end of the street, and you should see it
from there.”
He was telling Suimei to go on his own from here. In response to the
calm, authoritative man, Suimei bowed his head and thanked him once
more like he was a teacher. The man then turned to Liliana and uttered a
simple, two-word command.
“Let’s go.”
“Yes.”
She obediently followed behind the man. As if emulating him, she
turned her back to Suimei at the same time he did. They took a narrow road,
and their two figures vanished within the shadows. Their presence
eventually also vanished like dissipating smoke.
“Crap, I missed my chance to get the sweets...”
Suimei realized that after standing there for a while. However, since they
both lived in the imperial capital now, there was a good chance they’d run
into each other again sometime. Though she wasn’t there to hear it, he
promised he’d repay the debt when he got a chance.
Liliana used the word “investigation” when she was talking to the
colonel. It seemed she wasn’t actually on patrol after all. He had other
question about their exchange, but in the end, it had nothing to do with him.
“Well, whatever. I suppose I’ll be about my business as well...”

★
“That ate up a good bit of time, huh?”
After finishing his preliminary research at the Imperial University
Library and walking back outside, Suimei rotated his stiff shoulders and
cracked his neck to the sides. The interior of the library was quite vast,
worthy of the title of largest in the Empire, and even the surrounding
nations. It also had quite an expansive collection. After getting there so late
in the day, all Suimei had really been able to do was find the shelves where
the relevant material was located. While thinking that he’d have to prepare
magickal items and such for the next time he came, Suimei looked up.
The sky was already dark. The infinite blackness that seemed like it
could suck you in held a waxing moon shining brightly on the horizon,
implicitly telling him that it was well past the time to go home. Suimei then
heard the sound of the front door to the library opening behind him.
“Excuse me—Oh, is that you, Yakagi-kun?”
“Ah, Mr. Librarian.”
The man who emerged from the library was the one who’d shown
Suimei around the library that day, an elf named Romeon. He was dressed
in the library staff uniform, and did indeed have long ears.
“Thank you very much for your help today.”
“Don’t mention it. It hasn’t been that long since I started working here
myself, so it was a nice refresher to show someone around.”
Romeon spoke humbly, and Suimei replied in a cheerful manner.
“Despite that, you sure managed to do it quite smoothly.”
“I am an elf, after all. I have some confidence in my memory.”
Romeon tapped his forehead with his index finger as he spoke. Was he
implying elves were known for their memory in this world? Certainly, as a
long-lived species—especially compared to humans—the ability to store
and retrieve memories was quite important.
After chatting for a bit with Suimei, Romeon excused himself and went
on his way. As for Suimei, he was planning on returning home. Though that
was his intention, he still didn’t know the area very well. All he could do
was retrace the path he’d followed to get there. But as he arrived at the
upper class district, he noticed it.
“Hmm?”

He realized it while he was walking along that there wasn’t any light in
the space directly in front of him. It was as if there was a boundary
separating the city blocks. The beautiful townscape of the district that
should only be a few steps in front of him was plunged into a gloomy
darkness. It was unnatural. When he left the library, he’d observed a waxing
moon in the sky. This wasn’t like the modern world where skyscrapers
could cover the sky, and no clouds had rolled in. Yet despite there being
nothing to obstruct the light, it was impossibly pitch black. Moreover, he
could sense the slight presence of mana. Which meant...
A barrier? No, this world shouldn’t have the concept of barriers, so...
Hmm. Did they weaken all the light in that space to create a pseudo-
darkness, or did they create a primary factor that could absorb light...?
While vigilantly surveying his surroundings, Suimei searched for the
existence of a spell, the alteration of events, and the presence or absence of
the mystical. And as expected, the unnatural darkness was something
created by magic. The upper class district was magically cloaked in
darkness before dawn—No, it was darker than that. Just what was going
on? It reeked of trouble.
“H-Help! Help me...”
“Huh?”
Suimei realized that, from within the darkness in front of him, someone
was begging for help while running. The short gasps between their words
made it clear they’d been running for quite some time and were nearing
their limit, but... What was going on?
“You there! Please! Help me!”
“U-Uh, I don’t mind, but what’s going on?”
As Suimei responded, perhaps because the man’s feet had become
tangled, he violently pitched forward and tumbled over.
“Are you alright?”
Suimei held his hand out to man, but as if to say there was something
more important than getting up, he immediately turned and pointed behind
him.
“That! That over there...”
“That?”
When Suimei asked for more clarification, he sensed an omen of dense
mana. Because it was drawing nearer, the portions of it that could not be

concealed in the depths of the darkness were gradually revealing
themselves. And then instantly, as if a portion of the darkness were cut
open, a short figure wearing an inky, pitch black robe stepped out of it.
“Eek! Eeeeeek!”
“...”
The shadow wearing a black robe with a hood hanging low over their
eyes didn’t say a word. All they did was stare fixedly at the man who was
trembling and screaming pathetically. Suimei didn’t have a clue as to what
was really going on, but while supporting the man who was cowering on
the brick street, Suimei sharply narrowed his suspicious gaze and
scrutinized the shadow.
Could this be the guy?
The idea suddenly crossed Suimei’s mind. Perhaps this was the culprit
behind the coma incidents that were sending the imperial capital into panic.
Considering the circumstances, it seemed a very real possibility. As he
considered stepping in, the tension of battle filled Suimei’s body. However,
the shadow seemed to have lost interest, and vanished into the darkness.
“I-I’m saved...”
“Just what was that...?”
Exhausted of all his strength, the man who was on all fours in front of
Suimei rejoiced in the shadow’s departure. If this man was its goal, had it
fallen back because someone else had coincidentally entered the picture?
With the evidence he had, Suimei came to a conclusion about the events
that had just occurred.
“...Hmm?”
