“What is it?”
“Could it be that you arrived in Filas Philia today?”
“You can tell?”
“It seems this is your first time seeing a therianthrope, and... I just had
something of a feeling.”
“Oof... My ignorance has been exposed, huh?”
Since he had been looking around at everything with interest and asking
things that were generally considered common sense, the sister probably
saw him as if he was a country bumpkin or something. As Suimei belittled
himself in a joking tone, the sister became a little flustered as though she
thought she’d said something rude.
“Oh, no, I didn’t mean it in that way...”
Seeing her react that way, Suimei flashed a refreshing smile as he
continued with a slightly impish air about him.
“So, would you mind enlightening an ignorant fool like me with some
welcoming information?”
“Y-Yes, of course, but... It’s not all that welcoming as far as information
goes, I’m afraid.”
“Did something happen?”
“Two or three things. Between the good story and the not so pleasant
one, which would you rather hear first?”
“Please start with the worse one. Hearing the good story afterwards will
help mitigate whatever the bad news is.”
“Alright then...”
With that, the sister’s gentle expression took a turn for the grim, and she
began speaking as if presenting him with advice.
“You said that you have only just arrived in the imperial capital, but if
that is the case, please do be careful about going out at night. Recently,
there have been troubling incidents happening in the city.”
“Troubling incidents, you say?”
“Yes. It started about a month ago, I believe. When morning comes
around, people have been frequently discovered in a comatose state, and it
has been fanning the anxiety of the people who live in the imperial capital.”
“That is quite a story, isn’t it? Is it something like a hoodlum attacking

people and leaving them in a coma?”
“It seems that way, yes. It’s clearly the aftereffects of being struck by
magic, so there’s no mistaking that someone is attacking people.”
“But you said a month, didn’t you? It’s been going on that long and it
hasn’t been resolved?”
“Regarding that, the military police have been trying everything they
can, but nothing has come of it as of yet. There aren’t many clues that
would lead to the culprit’s trail, and because the effects and destructive
force of the magic being used is quite unusual, it seems they’ve been unable
to even determine what attribute was used. And so I’m afraid there haven’t
been any leads on the case.”
She cast her eyes downward, disappointed. It seemed she was truly a
kindhearted person. She looked pained, as if she was thinking about the
victims and what they and their loved ones had been through.
“Sister, you sure are well informed, huh?”
“Yes, many people come and visit the church, so I hear of many
matters.”
As if indicating her acute sense of hearing, her ears twitched a few
times. Suimei’s heart jumped. He really wanted to touch them, but knew he
had to resist the urge. Surely that would be considered rude. Suddenly
looking up, the sister clapped her hands together heartily as if she’d
remembered something.
“However, the hero has been added to the investigation of this incident.
It will likely be resolved in short order.”
“The hero?”
“Yes. The esteemed hero who was summoned in the Holy State of El
Meide is currently staying here in Filas Philia.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It has not yet been announced to the general public, but it will
likely soon be unveiled by the imperial government and the Church of
Salvation. Is that not good news?”
Was it? Either way, it piqued Suimei’s interest. The Holy State of El
Meide was the neutral religious state to the south of the Empire, and there
was no way Suimei wouldn’t be curious about what kind of hero had been
summoned there. He was extremely interested in finding out what the
heroes other than Reiji were like, hoping it might help him grasp the trend

behind the summonings.
“Moreover, it seems that the esteemed summoned hero of the Saadias
Alliance also went on the move the other day.”
“Now that you mention it, there are a total of four summoned heroes,
right?”
“The esteemed hero who was summoned in the Saadias Alliance is
apparently a beautiful woman. Her skill with the sword is apparently quite
something. Her mastery with the blade is said to be so brilliant that she
could easily handle the Alliance’s swordsmen and the suzerain’s first prince,
who is known as the Sword King.”
So the third hero was a woman. Thinking about their demographics so
far, Suimei began wondering what exactly the requirements for being
summoned were. At the very least, he now knew that being a man was off
the table. But be that as it may...
“Girls are seriously strong, huh? What’s with that...?”
“...Did you say something?”
It seemed the sister heard Suimei’s grumbling, but he brushed it off by
saying it was nothing. It was likely that the answer to the mystery he was
pondering would not come to him for all eternity. And as he turned the
matter over in his head, the sister clasped both her hands together in front of
her large chest again.
“With this, we have reason to hope the subjugation of the Demon Lord
and demon armies will go well.”
“That is good news, yeah.”
As Suimei nodded, he cast a glance around the room. At the front of the
line before the priest was a young girl. And before Suimei even realized it
was Lefille who was receiving her oracle, she raised a desperate voice.
“Wh-What did you say?! Ah, n-no, i-is that really true?!”
Indeed, Lefille approached the priest in a panicked fluster. He looked
troubled for a moment as Lefille clung to him, but as he was the one who
managed the oracles, he must have been used to such interactions. His
expression tightened back up into a solemn one, and he nodded firmly.
“No way!”
Apparently not getting the answer she wanted, Lefille’s shouted out in
what was near a scream. She then immediately turned towards Suimei for
advice.

“S-Suimei-kun! Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What do I do?! It’s serious!”
“You’re panicking too much, Lefille. What’s up with you?”
“There’s nothing up or down! Wh-What should I do?!”
“Okay, for starters... You need to calm down and tell me what happened.
We can go from there.”
But Lefille had already lost her composure, and she cried out to Suimei
in response.
“An oracle! I got another oracle!”
“Again...? So?”
It wasn’t normal for her to be so flustered. Just what kind of absurd
instruction had the Goddess passed on to her this time?
★
“Here, huh...?”
“Looks like it.”
A few days after Suimei and Lefille arrived in the imperial capital of the
Nelferian Empire, they took an excursion into the back of the residential
area of northwest of Filas Philia.
Naturally, the buildings were closely packed together like they would be
in any city, and characteristic of the imperial capital in particular, a great
many of them were tall. Perhaps because of that, despite being daytime, it
was quite gloomy. In the modern world, there would undoubtedly be
lawsuits about people’s rights to sunshine. Casually looking up and down
the nooks of alleyways, there were sad little weeds growing here and there,
but other than that, all was shadow. It was like whatever sunshine there was
was promptly absorbed by the gloom. To compare it to something from his
own world, this was a slum. A back alley slum described it perfectly. At a
glance, most of the surrounding structures were cheap-looking.
But that’s exactly why they’d come. Yes, their first real order of business
after arriving in the Empire was securing a place to live. Suimei was
planning on gathering information and goods in Nelferia, and Lefille
wanted to study at the Magic Institute. After leaving the church on their first
day in town, they’d gone to look for traders who mediated in the sale of
residences. Because the majority of the imperial capital was under
management of the imperial government, they’d ended up making their way

to a government office. From there, they were referred to the supervisor of a
district containing a residence that matched their specifications. And today,
they had arranged to meet this supervisor and see the property.
They’d come to a stop along the street and weren’t proceeding any
further. It wasn’t like they’d been overcome by the gloom, though Lefille
looked up at Suimei anxiously.
“Suimei-kun, is this place really alright?”
“Hmm? It’ll probably be fine. I’m sure this is where we were supposed
to meet.”
“I’m not talking about that; I’m talking about where we’re going to live.
It’s close to a main street, so the location isn’t bad, but somehow... The
atmosphere, you know?”
The more Lefille looked around, the more her doubts grew. Certainly it
was just as her anxious gaze indicated, the place didn’t give off a great
impression. There wasn’t much light, and there was also some kind of
stench coming from who knows where. It was close to the main street, but it
wouldn’t qualify as good real estate by most people’s standards.
“Well, this was the only property that matched our requests. We’ll just
have to put up with a few things.”
“You’re right. I guess not everything can be perfect...”
“It’s no big deal, we can’t do much about the sunlight, but the smell and
other things can be improved, so there’s nothing to really worry about...”
Even as Suimei tried to tell her that it would work out, Lefille kept her
gaze fixed on the somewhat dirty, spread out bricks in the road below her
feet. Was she that worried about the pros and cons of a place to live? The
usual Lefille would have laughed something like this off as she bravely
stepped up to the plate in the face of a challenge, but not now. Suimei had
an idea as to what might be weighing her down.
“What, are you still worried about that oracle?”
“O-Of course I am! I got that kind of oracle, you know?!”
By that kind of oracle, she meant that the Goddess’s word she had
received at the local Church of Salvation was well beyond the realm of
what she could have possibly imagined. Indeed, the instructions passed
down to Lefille were: “Act together with the hero staying in the Empire,
and fight the demons.”
The Goddess apparently wanted her to follow someone she had never

even met—the hero summoned in El Meide. For Lefille, who had just
reached the imperial capital in pursuit of her own goals, this seemed all too
sudden. In fact, it seemed that Lefille was outright opposed to the oracle
she’d received. She’d thrown a fit in the church when she first heard it, and
after finally calming down, she’d fallen into her current slump. Suimei,
however, thought the solution was pretty clear.
“If you don’t want to listen to Alshuna or whoever, then I think it’s
probably fine if you don’t. You can just pretend to forget.”
“I-I can’t exactly do that. After receiving a message from the Goddess
Alshuna, it would be dishonorable not to heed it.”
“Dishonorable...? You’re talking about your power, aren’t you? Listen,
it’s not like you guys talked this over. It’s all one-sided, isn’t it? You didn’t
even ask for your power, you know? So using that as a premise to ask you
to do something else is a bit much, yeah?”
“Th-That may be the case, but...”
Lefille’s voice gradually tapered off until it was inaudible. She found
herself so lost in the maze of faith exactly because she was devout. From
time to time, the strong of faith tried to deny themselves and their desires.
In their place, they would impose obligation on themselves. They believed
