Lefille grew somewhat angry.
“Are you saying that you don’t believe me?!”
“What? No, that is not the case. I believe what you’re saying. Given
time, you will grow, after all.”
“You don’t believe me at all, do you?!”
In the end, until she actually returned to her original form, it seemed like

no one was ever going to believe her.
“Grrr...”
Just based on the dissatisfied tone in her voice, Suimei could picture
Lefille’s pouting cheeks, but...
“...Eavesdropping is in pretty bad taste.”
Suimei had unintentionally gotten engrossed with their conversation,
and though somewhat late, he realized that listening wasn’t something he
should be doing. And then, just as Suimei was going to walk away...
“Lady Felmenia, sorry, but just bear with me.”
“What is—What?!”
“Ugh, this elasticity is devastating...”
“Wh-What exactly are you doing?! Please don’t grab me like that!”
“This is just a little examination... Hmm?”
“Wh-What is the matter—Eek!”
“Lady Felmenia, you have a little bit of flab that can be grabbed around
your hips, you know? Isn’t this quite bad?”
“I-I don’t need to be told that! Wait, I’m telling you not to grab me!”
“Sorry, that was rude of me.”
Suimei realized they were both naked behind that door.
“Two, three, five, seven, eleven...”
Listing off prime numbers, Suimei turned bright red and retreated.
★
They were there, lurking in the darkness. Their dark robes made them
indistinguishable from the darkness around them at first glance. A short
shadow and a tall shadow. Moving across the sleeping city like they were
flying, they darted hither and thither as if sewing the darkness together.
Keenly suppressing their presence as they searched for their prey, they were
surely hunters.
Suddenly, the short shadow stopped. As if directly opposing Newton’s
laws, it stopped cold as it leaped through the air, and landed on top of the
laid out bricks on the ground without breaking their silence.
“What’s wrong?”
“No, it’s... nothing.”
Following that, the tall shadow landed beside it. The answer the short

shadow had given may have just been a lie. The reason the short shadow
stopped was because they found fault with a living creature on top of a wall.
No, the reason they stopped may have been because the creature had found
fault with them.
Sitting atop the wall much higher than anything else around, both of its
eyes were open as wide as they could be. Its pupils shined with a glare as it
stared right at the short shadow. It was a cat. A stray cat that lived in the
imperial capital, which had caught the short shadow within the two yellow
lights of its eyes.
“Prrrrr...”
It began purring. Just what was that supposed to signify? The cat stood
up on its fuzzy legs and left without a sound. The tall shadow then placed
its hand on the shoulder of the short one.
“Let’s go.”
“...Yes.”
Demonstrating their agreement, the tall shadow followed the short one
as they began moving again. Of course, they were moving towards
accomplishing their goal. The target this time around was said to be passing
through the outskirts of the high class district. The source of that
information was the taller shadow in the rear. Yes, the tall shadow always
brought dreadfully accurate information. The short shadow was
accomplishing their goal by using that. It was likely that the tall shadow
possessed an information network that even surpassed the Empire’s
intelligence department. The target this time around was someone who’d
gotten away before because an unrelated party had gotten in the way.
“It’s in this area. Set the net.”
Hearing those words, the short shadow nodded without any opposition.
And just as asked, the short shadow wove together the spell quickly. And
just as they were about to begin the chant...
“Meow.”
“—?!”
Hearing a cat’s meow at such an unexpected time, the back of the short
shadow trembled slightly with surprise. Quickly turning around, they could
spot a cat sitting behind them. Had it crept up on them without a sound? It
was snuggled up against the wall of a building, and just like the other cat
before, it was staring dead at the short shadow. Completely fixated. As if it

was carefully monitoring their every movement. A dark cloth was wrapped
around its arm, so was this one somebody’s pet?
Stopping the use of their magic for a moment, the short shadow took a
single step towards the cat. However, the cat was unperturbed. It only kept
its dilated pupils completed fixated on them. They took a step forward, and
the second cat finally seemed to sense danger. It stretched out with what
appeared to be a yawn, then it turned its back to them and left.
Just what was that? They didn’t understand what the cat’s expectation
was, but pulling themself together, the short shadow invoked dark magic.
Obscuring the light in their surroundings, it was a spell that weakened one’s
sense of vision. With this, discounting any coincidence, their target would
no longer be able to escape.
And before long, said target appeared. Had he had his fill of spirits and
wine? His footsteps were unsteady, and he didn’t even notice that he
entered their darkness. The job this time around would be easy. All the short
shadow had to do was cast magic on a drunk, a trivial matter. Just as they’d
done with the others, they would cast dark magic on this man.
And when their dark business was concluded, all that was left was the
detestable noble unconsciously sprawled out on the laid brickwork.
With that, one more sprout of anxiety had been plucked away. Just a
little more... If they repeated this just a little more, all obstacles that blocked
that person’s path would be gone.
The short shadow unwittingly let out a sigh of relief, and just as they
turned around...
“As expected, the second player is a step behind, huh?”
That voice came to them.
★
Having their senses lured by that voice, the short shadow turned around
and spotted a young man who appeared to be in his late teens. He was of a
medium build, and at a glance, seemed to be extraordinarily common. But
still... there was something about his look that was truly extraordinary. Just
a step behind, the tall shadow also turned towards him.
Why...?

Why was he here? That thought dominated the short shadow’s mind and
threw it into chaos. Why... Why was that man right here right now?
They’d met before. This was the man who bewildered them in the streets
of the imperial capital. Suimei Yakagi.
It was as if coming here was his goal, and he grimaced as if he’d arrived
late. It made it look like he’d come precisely to stop them from achieving
their goal. And he wasn’t alone. There were others who appeared together
with him in the darkness. Behind him was a small figure the small shadow
recognized, and a woman with silver hair that they didn’t.
These were unexpected intruders. The short shadow didn’t know the
reason for their appearance, but there was no mistaking that these intruders
came to capture them. However, since their work had already been
completed, the shadows had no business with the intruders. It wasn’t a good
idea to leave them be, however, after they’d been spotted.
“...I’ll leave the rest to you. You can manage on your own, right?”
“Yes.”
A single word of agreement was returned to the tall shadow, who
implied getting rid of the intruders.
“Ah—Wait!”
Realizing one of the shadows was taking flight, the silver-haired woman
raised her voice and immediately exchanged looks with Suimei Yakagi.
However, after seeing the tall shadow assimilate into the darkness with a
sidelong glance, Suimei seemed unconcerned and prioritized the
unconscious noble.
“It’s fine. Don’t give chase. I’ll leave that geezer to you two.”
“R-Right.”
After she acknowledged his request, she rushed over to the man together
with Suimei Yakagi’s other companion, the red-haired girl.
“So, is it safe to assume that you’re the culprit behind the incidents?”
“...”
“If you keep silent, then I’ll just assume you are.”
The shadow had no intention of answering. They had met and
exchanged words with Suimei Yakagi before. Even if they used magic to
change the tone of their voice, when they had to activate their magic, their
voice would reveal their identity. It would be a different story if they used
the language of the soul like when using the mysteries which dwelt within

them as if chanting the spell from within, but right now, they would not
commit such a folly.
Then Suimei Yakagi slowly raised his arm and took a posture like he
was about to snap his fingers. That was the technique that had destroyed the
magic staff of the mage from the Mage’s Guild. They did not understand
how it worked, but the moment he snapped his fingers, magic of the wind
attribute would activate, causing the air to explode. It was advanced magic
that appeared simple. The lack of a chant and keyword was one thing, but
the time from the spell’s construction to the activation was extremely short.
A dreadful combination that was quite useful in combat.
The reason he raised his arm so slowly was to throw off their sense of
anticipation. Since this was a world where everything could be over in the
blink of an eye, not knowing when an attack would come meant relying
entirely on one’s senses to dodge or defend.
Snap!
“...Urgh!”
As the shadow tried evading by jumping to the side, the space to their
side burst at almost the same time. However, it seemed that there was a
direct connection between Suimei’s gaze and his fingers, which formed a
straight line to where the effect would occur. If they hadn’t seen it before,
they wouldn’t have caught on, and likely would have been blown away
immediately.
But now was no time to dwell on such thoughts. Anticipating they would
be thrown off balance, Suimei Yakagi was already running towards them.
He was fast. He wasn’t using some sort of special magic to reinforce
himself, but the speed he was running at was still significant.
“Permutato, coagulato, lotum artificium existito.”
[Transform, coagulate, become fine craftsmanship.]
The shadow could hear Suimei mutter a few more words as he ran.
“Arma Argentum Vivum.”
[Mercurial Arms.]
With that, the liquid in the reagent vial in his hand divided into two
points and transformed into a metal staff. When he then twirled the staff
made of silver metal, a whistling sound like the wind being cut by a whip
rang through the air. The tip of the staff was unerringly headed straight for
the shadow, and the speed that he was running at did not slow down in the

least. Despite being a mage, he had frightening combat experience. In
response, the shadow wove dark magic.
“Oh Darkness. Tear down the curtain which covers heaven and fall.
Then grind, beat, strike, and crush my enemy, bringing them down to earth.
Darkness Punisher.”
A darkness of a completely different nature than the black of the night
sky spread out overhead. Then the blackout curtain that seemed to stretch
out over them came crashing down like it would flatten everything below.
Just as it was about to reach the young man blessed by a favorable wind, he
took decisive action, jumped to the side, and slipped out from beneath it by
a slim margin.
The shadow manipulated the blackout curtain and twined it around. As if
he was grabbed and pulled by some invisible giant’s hand, the young man
