“Suimei Yakagi, and if I am not mistaken...”
“Why... are you all...”
Just as Suimei was in the middle of asking that, he realized that Liliana
was agitatedly trembling. She suddenly took several steps back. The hustle
and bustle of Elliot and the military police. The malice she’d taken into her
that brought on this incident. All of it pushed her to her limits.
“Shit, what bad timing...”
Suimei groaned at the bitterness suddenly spreading throughout his
mouth. At this rate, with all these needless guys butting in, he wouldn’t be
able to have a calm conversation with Liliana. As the situation gradually
deteriorated, Suimei got up from the ground.
“Whatever. It looks like it’ll become a little troublesome, but let’s go,
Liliana.”
“I...”
Suimei stretched his hand out to Liliana as she reached heights of
bewilderment. And just then...
“Is it fine to leave like this? If you stop here, your goal won’t be
accomplished, you know...”

When that voice reached her, Liliana’s body shook. Looking up, she
spied the tall shadow standing on a rooftop.
“You’re—?!”
Suimei raised his voice, but the tall shadow paid him no mind and again
addressed Liliana.
“What will you do? I don’t mind either way... But that’s not the case for
you, right?”
“H-Hnngh...”
“You can’t! Don’t listen!”
“Go.”
The tall shadow pointed in the opposite direction. Was it telling Liliana
to head that way? Not a moment later, a sudden gust kicked up a puff of
dust and dirt into the air. Elliot and Christa immediately began to handle the
situation calmly, but the military police were shaken by it and lost their
composure.
“Shit—Urgh!”
Suimei couldn’t move. When he tried to step forward, his body denied
him. It was because of the malice he’d taken on when he saved Liliana and
the damage he’d taken when crossing blades with that terrible creature.
He’d done one unreasonable thing after another, and was paying the price
for it. He could no longer do anything. Liliana, on the other hand, simply
didn’t seem to know what to do in the hectic situation. She trembled in
confusion, and then...
“Ah, UaaaAAAAAH!”
Screaming as if to block out everything that had just happened, she fled
down the hill in the direction the tall shadow had pointed and vanished into
the darkness of the night.
“Ugh... Liliana... Don’t go...”
Clutching his chest and gasping in anguish, Suimei weakly reached out
for her as she ran. And then, at the crest of the hill, the tall shadow appeared
as if to stand in his way.
“You fucker...”
In response to Suimei’s groaned curse, it looked like the mouth of the
tall shadow twisted into a sneer.
