thoughts, Felmenia thrust out her ample chest with some sort of pride or
self-confidence.
“In other words, the one who is helping Suimei-dono with conversing,
reading, and writing is none other than me.”
While she was beaming expectantly beside him, Suimei let out a simple
sigh of admiration and thanked her. Felmenia then moved the topic to
something she’d forgotten to ask since she arrived.
“Come to think of it, Suimei-dono, how is your investigation coming
along?”
“Terribly. There’s not the eensiest, teensiest thing that I can use for
reference here.”
As he pretended like he was ready to give up, Felmenia made a
somewhat disappointed expression. She was melancholic. But seeing that

she’d misinterpreted his joking manner, he put on a serious face to make it
clear it had been a joke.
“But as far as countermeasures go, I’m in the middle of thinking about
it.”
“Countermeasures?”
“Yeah, that and just what on earth that magic was.”
“When it comes to dark magic, there is much about it that is not yet
known, but... Can you analyze it using only the knowledge from your
world?”
“I don’t think it can’t be done. There is no such thing as a matter in this
world that cannot be explained, after all. Well, I at least have my eye on
something.”
Suimei spoke with just a hint of optimism. From all the information he’d
gathered, he’d gotten a lead and thought he might be on to something. He
just needed to observe it once more for himself to be sure. And then,
Felmenia spoke up while tilting her head just slightly to the side.
“I have something else that’s been on my mind in regards to that.”
“What is it?”
“The words used at the end when that dark mage chanted their spell... I
have never heard them before. Ummm...”
Felmenia grimaced when she was unable to pull those strange words up
out of her memory. Instead, Suimei recited them for her.
“Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron... Right?”
“Ah, yes, that was it. Those words. I have no memory of ever hearing
anything like them. Just what were they...?”
Felmenia’s voice tapered off as she spoke. As her pensive expression
grew more and more stern, a voice called out to them from behind.
“Excuse me. May I bother you for a minute?”
As the two of them turned around, they were met with the sight of a
male library employee with a pale complexion. He was an acquaintance of
Suimei’s who he’d met when he first came to the library.
“Mr. Librarian, huh? I’ve been making use of all sorts of materials here
again today.”
“Yakagi-kun... was it? I see you are as enthusiastic as ever.”
As if praising Suimei’s diligence, the librarian responded with a smile.
Suimei flashed a somewhat complex smile.

“Well...”
And as he responded to the man, Felmenia spoke up. She wasn’t
acquainted with him.
“One of the forest people? Suimei-dono, this man is...?”
Forest people was probably a way to identify elves. Since the librarian
had introduced himself as an elf, it was likely a colloquialism.
“This is Romeon-san who works here as a librarian. When I came here
before, he gave me a tour of the place.”
“Is that so? How unusual. I have heard that the forest people in general
do not involve themselves with humans much.”
Felmenia knit her brow as she looked at Romeon like he was something
peculiar. And hearing what she said, the librarian returned a bitter smile.
“I am often told that I am an eccentric. I left the forest I was born in to
make a living, after all.”
From what he said in a self-deprecating manner, it seemed the ways of
elves of this world were similar to the stories of elves that often circulated
in Suimei’s world. They lived in forests and were quite insular. But the
matter of elves aside...
“By the way, did you need something?”
“No, I was just passing by and heard you were talking about dark magic.
It caught my interest.”
Hearing that Romeon was drawn in by curiosity, Felmenia opened her
eyes wide as if this was unexpected.
“Do you know of it?”
“Yes. Well, I have spent some time with it before, so I’m somewhat
familiar.”
★
Interested in the talk of dark magic, Romeon ended up sitting down at
the desk opposite Suimei and Felmenia. And he took his seat, he
immediately cut to the point.
“Dark magic... To put it briefly, among the eight elements—fire, water,
wind, earth, lightning, wood, light, and darkness—it is a most powerful
magic. No, most fiendish may be a better way of putting it though. And so,
why are the two of you looking into dark magic?”

“It’s just... this thing, you see.”
As he spoke, Suimei undid his bandages. Upon seeing Suimei’s hand,
Romeon’s expression changed to one of surprise.
“This is... So that’s why you are investigating dark magic, is it...?”
Romeon corrected the position of his glasses, which had slipped a little,
with his finger and let out a grim groan. It was Felmenia who posed him a
question next.
“If you can understand that much from seeing it, does that mean that you
are also aware of the symptoms?”
“Before coming to this library, I worked as a magic doctor, so I have
taken on the task of treating those stricken by dark magic. Yakagi-kun, may
I take a closer look?”
Having no real reason to object, Suimei nodded and held out his
unbandaged left arm. And after Romeon closely observed it for a long
moment, he let out a sigh of admiration.
“...The condition has stabilized, I see. Normally after being struck by a
powerful, encroaching dark magic spell like this, it would have reached all
the way to the core of your body by now... Yakagi-kun, did you do this
yourself?”
“Well, all I did was apply a healing spell I know.”
“No, it was quite a splendid treatment method. I have never even seen
such admirable medical care before.”
After Romeon said that, his expression then changed completely. He
looked quite severe as he asked his next question.
“Where were you that you were struck by dark magic?”
“The culprit behind the incidents that are shaking the city right now used
it, you see.”
“You... were attacked?!”
Suimei and Felmenia summarized the situation for him. About how they
ended up in a competition with Elliot due to the oracles of the Goddess, and
how they made contact with the culprit a few days ago. Quietly listening to
all this, Romeon’s expression remained grim.
“Is that so? So such a thing... Certainly, I’ve heard of the rumors about
someone going up against the hero, but to think that it was you...”
After drawing a long, fretful breath over the situation that Suimei and
the others had fallen into, Romeon corrected his posture in his seat and

looked earnestly at Suimei.
“Though it may not be my place to say so, please stop.”
“Stop... searching for the culprit?”
“Yes. It is likely not something for an outsider like me to be telling you,
but if the culprit is a master of dark magic, then your opponent is far too
evil. If you took a less fortunate blow from dark magic, there’s of course the
chance of contracting a fatal affliction, but you very well may lose your life
from the shock alone.”
“Even so, I have two of my comrades at stake.”
“But there is no replacement for your life, is there? Certainly it would be
dangerous to go with the hero as well, but...”
Saying that, Romeon took a glance at Felmenia. Having heard his frank
opinion, a complicated expression floated up on her face.
“Also, just earlier, you recited the word ‘Baybaron,’ did you not,
Suimei-kun?”
In response to that question, Felmenia knit her brow and raised one of
her own.
“Even regarding that...?”
“Regarding that word, I remember having heard it quite a long time ago,
you see.”
“If you know of it, could you perhaps teach us about it?”
After Romeon nodded heavily at Felmenia’s request, he slowly began
speaking.
“It is something called a savage name.”
“A savage name, you say?”
“Yes. Savage names were born into this world at the same time dark
magic was. They’re cursed words that are said to have been lost in ancient
times, and when used with a special attribute—in other words, when used
with the attribute of darkness—they have the effect of amplifying its
power.”
“Amplifying?”
“Yes. It’s said that dark magic with such words added to it attains
several times the destructive force of regularly fired magic. I am guessing
that the master of dark magic you spoke of added that word to their chant.”
“Then they were...”
“Yes, I do believe it is likely they’re capable of using substantially

powerful dark magic.”
As Romeon made that declaration, Felmenia swallowed her breath.
“So let me say so once more: please stop this. No matter how many lives
you have, it will not be enough.”
“But this is something that we must do.”
“For the sake of your comrades?”
Suimei nodded at Romeon, and perhaps having given up on trying to
convince him further, Romeon let out a somewhat exasperated sigh.
“Then I understand that it will be impossible for me to dissuade you.”
“Forgive me. We even had you teach us about dark magic...”
“It’s alright. But absolutely do not forget the danger of dark magic.”
Shortly after that, Romeon excused himself and returned to his duties.
“Dark magic and savage names... Suimei-dono?”
Felmenia tilted her head as she grimaced in deep thought. And then,
while she muttered as if uttering some matter of distress, she looked
towards Suimei, whose gaze was wandering somewhere far away.
“Savage names... huh...”
★
Since their last encounter, the culprit was still at large and had claimed
another victim. Today, Suimei was walking around the city on his own to
memorize the layout of the imperial capital, and was looking for cats on the
side.
The military police, the hero, and Suimei’s group. Perhaps because the
people investigating the matter had multiplied, the culprit seemed to be
striking less often, which made nighttime investigations less fruitful.
Because of that, deciding that he wanted to solicit more cooperators,
Suimei was looking around alleyways, thickets, vacant lots, and the like.
And then, while scooping up the second cat he’d found, Suimei emerged
from an alley.
“Come on, quit nibbling me. Even if you gnaw on my finger, it isn’t
tasty, now is it?”
Just what was it so happy about after being stroked once? Suimei was
slightly troubled by the cat who was playfully biting at the index finger of
his right hand. The way cats chewed on things for fun was fundamentally a

toned down version of the fatal bite they unleashed on their prey. But the
cat he was embracing now was so relaxed that it just seemed like it wanted
to be pet more. As Suimei pondered this, a familiar face appeared before
him.
“Suimei Yakagi...”
