Girl
Ten days had passed since the fight with Demon General Rajas. Suimei
and Lefille had crossed the national border and reached the outskirts of the
capital city of the Nelferian Empire, Filas Philia.
While walking along the stone-paved highway, Suimei shifted his
attention to their destination. They would be arriving shortly. When he lifted
his gaze, an enormous castle gate with ornate details adorning it—one so
grand that the ones in Astel hardly compared—caught his eye. It towered
over its surroundings as if trying to pierce the heavens.
The castle gate was far taller than the ones in Metel and Kurant City. If
the capital’s outer walls were comparably sturdier too, the architecture here
alone gave a glimpse into the Nelferian Empire’s national power. The city
was approximately twice the size of the Kingdom of Astel’s Metel, and
there were even cheap inns and marketplaces flooding outside the city
walls.
As Sun Tzu would put it, this was a land of crossroads. As expected of a
country that bordered three other countries, Nelferia was an important
intersection and saw a great deal of traffic. As such, the highways that
extended out to the east, west, and south were all well maintained. In no
small part thanks to that, the circulation of goods in the area was bustling,
which in turn contributed to the country being far more prosperous than
other nations.
Originally, Suimei had planned on staying in Kurant City for a time, but
plans had changed and he’d left promptly for Nelferia. The reason was none
other than the girl walking beside him—Lefille Grakis.
They had gotten into a fight with Rajas, who brought along a great
number of troops to advance on Astelian territory with some sort of ulterior
motive. But after defeating him, because she had overused the power of the
spirits, Lefille’s body had suddenly shrunk and she now looked like an

elementary school girl.
Thanks to that, Lefille had completely lost her power to fight and was
unable to carry her weapon of choice: a blade that measured about 180
centimeters. It went without saying, then, that she could no longer
undertake her journey all the way to the Nelferian Empire on her own. So
Suimei abandoned Kurant City in favor of accompanying Lefille across the
border.
There was that, but there was also the matter of Lefille’s curse. Just on
the way here, it had manifested several times. Each time it did, Suimei
would apply suppression magicka to abate its effects, but no matter what he
did, he was unable to completely clear away that immoral parasite within
her.
“...”
Thinking about it, his stomach turned and his cheeks burned. He hadn’t
done anything wrong, but it didn’t stop him from feeling like it.
If anybody had seen them, even though Suimei was only applying
magicka, he surely would have been branded a pedophile. It wasn’t like that
—not only was he just trying to help her, Lefille was actually older than
him—but that wouldn’t stop anyone from thinking the worst. But even
then...
I can’t just leave her alone...
Suimei didn’t even consider that an option. There was no way he would
allow her to travel on her own in this compromised state. And if left
untreated, her curse would only consume her more. Based on what Lefille
said, he was the only one who had the power to suppress it. Even after she
returned to her proper form, he felt like he ought to stay with her until he
was able to dispel the curse or find a way to negate it.
The demon or whatever that cast this curse... In the end, I guess we’ll
just have to beat the crap outta them, huh?
While staring at Lefille, that thought gradually took shape in Suimei’s
mind. The female demon Lefille had encountered with Rajas, if he
remembered right, she said was a lilin. In Suimei’s world, lilins were a type
of demon classified as a succubus. In folklore, they were described as evil
spirits who had intercourse with men while they were asleep and stole their
energy until they were completely dried up. The embodiment of human lust,
they gained substance, power, and physical forms. In this world, however, it

seemed they were strictly a subset of demons.
In order to break a curse, something normally had to be done about the
intermediary tied to the victim used to cast it. But considering the lilin was
probably carrying it and kept it close at hand, Suimei concluded it would
likely be easier and more effective to go after the lilin herself. It would be
tragic, for example, if they went to the trouble of destroying the
intermediary only for her to turn around and make another one. Better to cut
off the head than the tail, so to speak.
And so that was the plan for now. Even if he had to postpone going back
to his own world, Suimei wanted to help Lefille put an end to this.
“What’s wrong, Suimei-kun?”
“Hmm? It’s nothing...”
“Heehee, could it be that you’re charmed by my new look?”
With a surplus of composure in her expression as she spoke, Lefille spun
around on the spot as if to show herself off. The ornaments arranged on her
well-made children’s clothing fluttered lightly, and he could see a satisfied
look on her face. The ever-ladylike Lefille was being unusually
mischievous. That is to say, in other words...
“One way or another, you seem quite pleased. With the clothes, I mean.”
“No, that’s not... Yeah.”
As Suimei retorted with a broad grin, Lefille turned bright red and hung
her head. She felt like a child who’d been called out for pretending to be
mature, but it was something of the opposite. As an adult delighted to wear
children’s clothing, she was unable to conceal her embarrassment. She was
dressed not in her knight’s outfit—which was far too large for her as she
was—but in something new they’d purchased in Kurant City.
She’d hoped to find something that was just as easy to move in for the
rest of her journey to Nelferia, but the shop assistant at the clothier wouldn’t
yield. As a result, Lefille was now dressed in an adorable outfit with extra
girlish touches. She’d stubbornly pleaded, saying things like “Don’t treat
me like a child!” and “I’m a grown woman!” or even “Something this
cute... I-It isn’t my style.” But in the end, without any good reason to refuse
the shop assistant’s suggestions, Lefille ended up caving and buying what
she was wearing now.


Shifting her gaze around aimlessly, Lefille asked Suimei for his opinion.
“...Are they nice?”
“Yeah, even the shopkeep said so, but they really are cute.”
“C-Cute? Hearing that doesn’t really make me happy...”
Though she was pouting, Lefille’s steps became awfully light. She was
secretly happy over being told she was cute. It was much the same way
guys felt about being called cool by members of the opposite sex. All
pretense aside, anyone would be happy about a compliment like that.
Seeing Lefille like this warmed Suimei’s heart, though he had mixed
feelings about the whole situation.
When I talk to her normally, she’s the same Lefille as ever.
Suimei corrected the position of the massive sword he was carrying on
his back, and watched Lefille as she practically skipped along while
humming. Ever since she’d shrunk, he felt like she’d become more
emotionally expressive. It wasn’t like she was particularly lacking in
expressiveness before, but reflecting on their interactions, she was almost
always calm, composed, and mature. It made her childish behavior now
seem all the more pronounced. Perhaps being in such a childish form was
having an effect on her personality, but he might never know for sure.
Regardless of the cause, however, she did truly appear to be a young
girl. She was only acting the way she looked, at worst. It made Suimei
worry she was trying too hard, but it was of little consequence. As Suimei
was pondering such things, Lefille suddenly stopped moving, made a severe
expression unfitting of her young face, and looked over at him.
“That reminds me, Suimei-kun. About why my body ended up shrinking
in the first place...”
“Oh yeah, I completely forgot. I did say I’d explain, didn’t I?”
“I’ve been so preoccupied that I forgot about it myself, honestly.”
Hearing her speak and seeing her look so serious, Suimei was reminded
of the actual problem at hand. Because things had been quite hectic up until
reaching the city, he’d largely put the matter out of his head.
But Lefille wanted to know why she’d gotten smaller. He’d had a
hypothesis the day it happened on the mountain, and she wanted him to
indulge her in more detail now. Suimei wrinkled his brow and stroked his
chin before endeavoring with his explanation.
“Now then, where should I start? Let’s see... In the world I’m from,

there’s this idea that everything we humans see is essentially just a pseudo-
projection of reality. The objects we behold are representations of forms,
their true essences. This notion is called the theory of forms.”
“The theory of forms?”
“That’s right.”
“Er, so everything I see is...”
Suimei nodded, and Lefille began musing over his explanation in her
head. In a world that had little such philosophy, it seemed to be a very
difficult idea for her to process. He tried to think of a way to simplify it.
“Well, for example, the me that you see right now is being visually
projected into your brain via your eyes. Much the same way, your other
sensory organs are perceiving information on me, an object.”
“Then if you’re an object, you’re a manifestation of an essence—a
form? In other words, that essence isn’t necessarily what I’m seeing... Is
that what you mean?”
“Roughly, yeah.”
“But by that logic, if people are just representations of some greater
ideal, wouldn’t we all look the same?”
“Since no one is perfect—since no object perfectly embodies its form—
we each look a little different. We’re imperfect in our own ways, inherently
giving us individual characteristics that, when perceived, make us
distinguishable. That’s why you and I don’t look the same, and it’s why
none of these trees, stones, or buildings are exactly the same either.”
“I suppose I can understand how this applies to naturally born creatures.
All living beings have a soul, after all. But how can it be true for manmade
things? Do people not create things in the likeness of their own ideas and
forms?”
“Yes and no. When people create things, they’re creating objects, not
forms. You might think, ‘Yeah, hey, I’m gonna do something like this,’ but
what you’re doing is giving an object individual characteristics like I was
talking about before. Humans may conceptualize forms, sure, but once you
bring that form into being, it’s not the form itself, but a representation of it.”
“So when we give substance to things, we’re just making a
manifestation of these forms?”
“That’s right.”
Suimei answered Lefille with a nod. It seemed that she was managing to

digest some of what he was talking about, but then her face turned grim and
she questioned him more.
“But Suimei-kun, if our existences are truly explained by this theory,
then is not everything we do in vain? It would mean that individuals are
arbitrarily perceived just by their characteristics as if drawn on paper!”
Her comparison to being drawn on paper was quite apt. It encapsulated
the whole idea, astonishingly so. It was a very natural conclusion to come to
after being exposed to the theory for the first time.
“Yep. Everything about the world we live in—including us who inhabit
it—is essentially that kind of flimsy existence. Your vision, hearing, taste,
smell, touch... All those really convey to you is a kind of deception.”
“Deception...”
She didn’t seem convinced. How could she be? How could everything
around her, including herself, not be what she thought it was? The puzzled
look on her face said she was at a loss for words. But that was only natural,
considering she’d basically been told she was living a lie.
“Well, just think of it as an allegory. There’s no need to think too deeply
about it.”
“Don’t say something so stupid, Suimei-kun. That theory is meant to
unravel my sense of reality, isn’t it? I can’t just write that off as an
allegory.”
“Well, yeah, but ultimately it’s just one concept from natural philosophy,
so I don’t think you should get too hung up on it...”
