As he summed up his impression of Rogue, he took out the soft dried
meat he had in his pocket and gave it to the cat.
“But... isn’t it painful?”
“It is my job. I can’t refuse it... just because it feels unpleasant.”
“That’s why you’ve resigned yourself to your current situation?”
“I’m the Colonel’s pawn. If I reject my military duties... I will lose my
place in the world.”
There was no way a twelve- or thirteen-year-old could know her future’s
course.
“All we’re talking about is me.”
“Do you want to hear about me instead?”
“...Why are you in the Empire?”
“There’s just a little something I want, you see.”
“Where did you learn... that strange magic?”

“My father taught me.”
“How did you find... the culprit?”
“By coincidence while I was searching for them.”
“...”
“What, is this an interrogation? Were you told by that Colonel to probe
into my disposition or something?”
“Something like that.”
Liliana answered plainly with a somewhat guilty expression. Was she
saying that there was no reason to hide it? But not a moment later...
“What a coincidence, Suimei Yakagi.”
As Suimei turned in the direction of the voice that had called out to him,
he was greeted with the sight of Elliot.
“Aah, the hero...”
Was he on a stroll? Or maybe it was part of his investigation. It was a
strange encounter.
“Are you in the middle of a break? You seem to have quite the surplus of
free time, I see. Perhaps your investigation has completely stagnated?”
“Do you have the leisure to sell your oil in this kinda place? I heard you
haven’t had much luck in terms of accomplishing yourself, you know.”
“Could you not get carried away just because you found the culprit by
coincidence once? Are you not sitting here yourself, playing with animals?”
It was a rather sharp-tongued exchange, but there was no sense of
hostility between them. Elliot seemed to have come over just to give his
greetings, and thanks to the conversation Suimei just had with Liliana, his
heart had cooled down quite a bit. He wouldn’t flare up like last time.
“Is that magic priest or whatever not with you today?”
“It is not like Christa is always together with me. She has her own time
as well. Incidentally, you seem to be with yet another girl here, I see.”
Having said that, Elliot turned his gaze towards Liliana.
“You sure react to women quite a lot, huh?”
“Is it not healthy for a man to react?”
“Well, you’re not wrong.”
Suimei shrugged his shoulders at Elliot’s joke, and Elliot snorted like he
found it unpleasant. He then looked at Liliana again.
“So, who is she?”
“She’s not a companion, alright? She’s an imperial soldier. She’s

interrogating me about a cat abduction.”
“There is no mistaking that you were caught red-handed. You will do
well to have yourself taken to prison.”
“Says you.”
Suimei stuck out his tongue, and giving him a sidelong glance, Elliot
pointed a smile towards Liliana. Despite dealing with the hero, she created
a wall of animosity and mana around her. Elliot seemed somewhat taken
aback by that, but he didn’t really lose any of his composure.
“My, am I hated?”
“Who knows? This one’s always like this, so I can’t tell.”
Suimei gave a noncommittal reply. Suimei really didn’t know Liliana’s
opinion of Elliot. Watching her play with the cat, Elliot called out to
Suimei.
“Hey.”
“What?”
Did he have something he wanted to ask? Suimei responded in a blunt
tone, but Elliot replied in all seriousness.
“Let me ask you once more. Why do you go against the words of the
Goddess Alshuna? Even if, for example, it is because the oracle is beyond
understanding, is it not the will of the Goddess of the world you all live in?”
“Conversely, I want to know why you who comes from another world so
blindly accepts the word of this world’s god.”
“It is not like I am blindly accepting it or anything. It is just that I
thought it was something I must do, so I took it on. That’s all.”
Elliot spoke as he looked far off into the cloudless sky. The way he put it
sounded somehow familiar to Suimei...
Reiji was also like this, huh?
Even his good friend Reiji had a similar sense of responsibility to this
second hero’s. He’d stubbornly said that it was for the sake of the people of
this world. Suimei started thinking they had that in common, but just what
did that...
“The Goddess Alshuna is the god who created this world, right?
Omniscient and omnipotent, I hear she protects the people from evil. Just
take that much into consideration. Are you saying that the will of such a
noble being is meaningless?”
“A noble being, huh?”

Suimei sounded like he’d just heard a bad joke and was scoffing at it. As
for Elliot, who was being quite serious, that made him a bit angry.
“Is something strange about what I said?”
“Strange? Of course it’s strange. Omniscient and omnipotent? Noble?
What? Are you trying to say some crap like it’s a deity full of innate
goodness or something? Like hell those guys are that kinda noble being.
Every last one of those fuckers mercilessly cut down all those who wouldn’t
benefit them, you know? You’re really holding on to some delusions about
gods...”
“Delusions, you say? I must say your statements seem to carry no
weight.”
“...That may just be so. But in truth, even you don’t know, right?”
Elliot was unable to say anything back to that.
“So that’s how it is. Like hell I’ll bend over backward for some
existence that nobody truly knows.”
“Certainly, you may have a point after all.”
Hearing Elliot accept that train of thought, Suimei looked at him with a
strange face.
“What is it?”
“Nothing. I’m just surprised. From the flow of the conversation, I totally
thought that, just like your attendant, you were gonna go on some tirade
about how nonbelievers are the enemy or whatever.”
“Even I understand full well of the presence or absence of faith in
others. In my world, there is not just one god, you see.”
In response to that, Suimei waved his hand indifferently towards Elliot.
“That so? Then it’d really help if you took that into consideration over
the oracle thing.”
“This and that are different matters. I do not understand what
significance there is in her being with us, however, if it is needed to save the
people of this world, then she should come.”
“That again?”
“Everything in this world is engaged together with the gears known as
fate. There is not a single matter that holds no significance.”
“Maybe so, but our match or whatever has ended up being a pretty
strange twist on this, huh?”
“If you find it troublesome, then you should just withdraw.”

“Don’t be stupid.”
Suimei spat right back at Elliot for every one of his comments.
Seemingly giving up on trying to convince Suimei, Elliot clapped his hands
together once as if saying that was the end of their conversation.
“I can tell I have been a bother. I’m glad that you are someone who can
be talked to after all. However...”
Elliot paused for a moment as if he were carefully choosing his next
words.
“I do hate you.”
“What a coincidence. I also find you nasty.”
As if slipping by in the opposite direction he’d come from, Elliot walked
right past Suimei without another word. Had he come just to confirm
whether or not Suimei was someone who could hold a conversation? Or had
he just come to announce that they couldn’t get along?
While Suimei was warily pondering Elliot’s intentions, Liliana’s long
glove got caught in the claws of the cat she was playing with. When she
tried to pull her hand away, it pulled her glove down. Suimei saw her
exposed arm and hand.
“—?!”
Liliana immediately rolled her glove back up to hide her arm. It seemed
Elliot hadn’t seen what was underneath that glove.
“What is the matter? Are you alright?”
Elliot was too late to catch a peek, but Liliana had no reply to give him.
And after looking towards Suimei in a somewhat panicked state, she
immediately turned her back to him.
“Excuse me!”
Watching her get smaller as she ran off, Suimei was unable to call out to
her. For the hand under that glove was just like the skin of a demonized
human—blackened and altered as if it had goosebumps.
★
“Is it true that you figured out who the culprit is, Suimei-dono?!”
“Suimei-kun, is that true?!”
Felmenia and Lefille’s surprised voices rang out in their living room.
After returning home, Suimei had given them the news. They both dropped

what they were doing and came running over immediately. Felmenia was in
the middle of studying magicka and hadn’t paid her personal appearance
any mind, while Lefille had several cats clinging to her as they dangled
down. Suimei nodded back to them in a complex mental state.
“...Yeah.”
“What’s wrong. Suimei-kun? If you found the culprit, isn’t that a good
thing for both us and the country though?”
“That’s true, but also not... How do I put it?”
Suimei let out a heavy sigh with a difficult expression on his face, and
Felmenia looked at him in puzzlement.
“What do you mean?”
“I told you before that I ran into Liliana, right? And while searching for
cats, I ran into her again today...”
As the two girls listened silently with intense concentration, Suimei
unraveled the gist of the postulation he’d arrived at. As he slowly moved his
mouth, the outline of what he should be doing gradually took shape in his
head. What he believed in, what he had to accomplish... What he had to do
as someone who held people dear in this world, in light of all this, to come
out on top of this competition with the hero. No, it wasn’t even something
that he really had to put that much thought into this late in the game. Just as
he had been all along, if he lived earnestly, that was all that mattered.
And when everything came together, what resounded deep in his heart...
“Save the woman who can’t be saved.”
Were the words of his father.
★
Nighttime. One of the culprits causing the coma incidents in the imperial
capital, the short shadow—Liliana Zandyke—based on information from
the tall shadow, was headed to bring down “the noble who would bring
harm to Rogue.”
Although she was leaping through the night, she was also gathering
mana to put to use the domain of darkness and turmoil. In other words,
making preparations to construct that spell she was quite familiar with by
now. Turning a blind eye to the restless sensation deep in her heart, she
landed without a sound on her own shadow cast by the full moon.

At times like this, she had to wonder... Had she landed on her shadow, or
was it the other way around? Was it one or the other? When she used
powerful magic, she would sometimes lose herself in such thoughts. That
darkness-colored human cutout, or the figure that was illuminated by the
