recreational district that seemed to go on forever. And ahead of him was a
residential one mostly built of vivid red bricks. What was he to do? At this
rate, he’d never be able to gather information on the hero summoning.
He’d finally gotten his place set up and ready to analyze the summoning
circle, but now he had this predicament to contend with. Just as he was
about to cast aside his strange sense of pride and use magicka to do
something about it...
“You’re... in the way. Kindly... step aside already.”
That familiar, charming voice. Those signature, quirky pauses. The flat
tone unable to conceal the thorns of irritation in her words. Hearing it,
Suimei immediately turned around. Behind him stood a girl with reddish
violet twintails and an eyepatch with an elaborate ornament on it. She was
wearing eccentric gothic Lolita getup despite this being a different world.
Just as he thought, she was someone he remembered. Or rather, someone
there was no way he could forget.
Indeed, this was no doubt the girl from the checkpoint, Liliana Zandyke.
However, it seemed she was not on her own this time. In front of her stood
two men in reddish brown robes with hoods. From what Suimei could see
and hear, they didn’t appear to be having a friendly conversation. The two
men in robes spoke to Liliana as if they were admonishing an unreasonable
child.
“All you have to do is relay to that father of yours what we just told
you.”
“You’re... getting annoying. I am not... in a position to interject... in
regards to the colonel’s affairs.”

“Surely you can manage it somehow. I’m just trying to express my
desire for him to be obedient.”
“Please. Don’t make me... repeat myself.”
The robed man was politely making some kind of request. Liliana was
treating the whole thing like it was absurd, but the man showed no signs of
backing down. That was when the second robed man stepped in.
“Even though we’re asking so earnestly, you’re saying you won’t
listen?”
“That’s right. That’s why—”
“Looks like we don’t have a choice then. We’ll just hafta change your
mind... by force.”
The two men in robes manifested mana around them, rattled off cliché
threats, and took out staffs about the length of their arms. In response,
without a hint of fear or surprise, Liliana simply narrowed her single eye at
them.
“Knowing that I am... one of the Elite Twelve... you’d still dare... try
something like this?”
“Ha! The Empire’s human weapon? Those are all just exaggerated
rumors! In the end, you’re just some damn brat!”
“If you will not listen to our request, then there’s no other way. At best,
you’ll be clinging to your father in tears.”
Suimei didn’t know the circumstances, but it seemed trouble was about
to break out right in front of him. Frankly speaking, it looked like good-for-
nothing adults picking on a young girl. Though considering Liliana’s
position in the army, that wasn’t quite a fair assessment.
But she is just a kid...
After seeing this much, it would leave a bad taste in Suimei’s mouth if
he just walked away. He didn’t have any obligation to lend her a hand, but
he also had no reason to look the other way. Walking up to them
conspicuously, Suimei called out to the group in a listless voice.
“Aaah, sorry to butt in while you’re in the middle of things here.”
“The hell’s with you?”
“You are...”
The three of them turned towards Suimei all at once. Each wore a
different expression. There was the twisted sneer of a hoodlum, a blank
stare of puzzlement, and a surprised look of recognition.

“Picking on a little girl in this kinda place... You guys sure have a nice
hobby there.”
“The hell? You got nothing to do with this! Butt out!”
“I can’t exactly do that. I just happen to be present in this scene of your
little play, you see.”
“And what ‘scene’ is that?”
“Looks like adults picking on a child to me.”
“Take it how you will, but will you still dare to interfere even after
seeing these robes?”
“What? Is there something special about your ugly robes?”
The more polite of the two men had said that like Suimei should be
intimidated by the way they were dressed, but whatever meaning it had was
lost on Suimei. As he replied to the man’s boastful question with ridicule,
his courteous tone changed to irritation in an instant.
“Y-You country bumpkin who knows naught of the special robe granted
only to high-ranking members of the guild...”
As he fumed, Liliana called out to Suimei in a wary voice.
“What... are you planning?”
“Hmm? I was just passing by and caught wind of something weird going
on, that’s all.”
“So you... stuck your neck in? This has... absolutely nothing... to do with
you.”
And like that, Liliana spurned him. She treated him like a meddlesome
nuisance, but it seemed clear that she simply didn’t want him involved. This
caught the attention of the rude robed man.
“What? He someone you know?”
“No, not re—”
“Yeah, we met not too long ago and have gotten pretty close.”
“What are you—?!”
Liliana grew angry at Suimei’s shameless, barefaced lie. Without letting
her see, he playfully stuck out his tongue. She’d probably meant to extricate
him from the situation as an uninvolved bystander, but Suimei had already
made up his mind. He was completely intent on butting in.
“I see, so you aren’t unrelated at all...”
“Then I guess we’ll hafta use a little force on you too.”
With that, the two men began building up their mana again. The polite

one stuck out his staff in what Suimei assumed was a battle stance. While
dejectedly grumbling to himself that the streets of the imperial capital may
have been more dangerous than he thought they would be, Suimei looked
away from his two opponents. He could see Liliana focus her attention on
him in exasperation.
“Are you... stupid? If you had just... pretended not to know me... they
would have treated you like you were uninvolved. Actually, you are
uninvolved... Truly stupid.”
“Stupid? That’s mean, you know? If I just abandoned a little girl and
went my way, my dreams would haunt me, and I’m not interested in that.
But I have to ask... Just what is going on here?”
“It doesn’t have... anything to do with you... in the least. Stand aside.
These are high-ranking masters... of the Empire’s Mage’s Guild.”
“Yeah, I’ll pass, thanks.”
And as Suimei rejected Liliana’s order...
“You think you got the leisure to just chit-chat?”
With a scornful smile, the rude robed man wove together a spell. His
welling mana vanished as if called somewhere, and the parts of the spell
rapidly came together. With the invocation of the Elements quickly
completed, what followed was the chant.
“Oh Fire! Red Blaze!”
The chant was so short that it was essentially just the keywords. A
moment later, pillars of fire took form, and as the rude man swung his arms
down, the flames matched his movements. With that, it seemed the molding
of the flames had been completed, and the flames—which had taken on the
shape of swords—swung down towards Liliana. He was attacking from her
right side. For Liliana, who wore an eyepatch, that was her blind spot.
However, Liliana dodged the first sword by a small margin. It stuck into
the ground instead, flinging fragments of flame off in several directions.
This sequence of attacking and dodging repeated itself several times, and
the area filled with embers and the smell of burning. Perhaps having been
grazed by a sword of flame, part of Liliana’s outfit was singed.
“Heh, you don’t live up to your name at all, human weapon. Looks like
I’ve got you on the run. Haha, just like I thought, all your fucking
achievements are just lies, aren’t they?”
“Tales of valor on the battlefield are just tales in the end. That a child

like you played an active role on the battlefield is likely nothing more than
such a tale fabricated by Colonel Rogue to elevate his own standing.”
Apparently taking the fact that she didn’t strike back as a sign of
weakness, the men threw disdainful words and accusations at Liliana.
Hearing it, Liliana’s presence wavered for a single instant and then turned
dark and dangerous. But the men didn’t seem to notice. She then called out
to them in an irked tone.
“To get so conceited... over aiming for my blind spot... and only... being
able to graze me...”
With those words, the men finally felt the pressure coming from Liliana.
Was that what she’d intended? Suimei had been on the receiving end of that
pressure before, but this wasn’t as serious as it had been at the checkpoint.
Was she planning on taking the upper hand here by packing the area with
her mana? In a fight between magicians, the range at which one could
control their mana was a big deal. If one could control their mana far
enough, it was possible to obstruct the opponent’s activation of magicka,
after all.
“From this kind of shit...”
The rude man finally managed to utter a single curse. Wincing, the
polite man beside him began chanting a spell.
“Urgh... Do not underestimate me! Oh wind, thou art...”
Wind magic. It was likely that he was completely ignoring Suimei the
passerby and aiming for Liliana. With that prediction, Suimei gathered
mana in his index finger and manipulated the phenomena in their
surroundings.
“That fire over there... I’m just gonna borrow it for a little.”
Speaking in a casual manner like he was borrowing an eraser from a
fellow classmate, Suimei gathered the surplus flames that had scattered
about the area at the center of the magicka circle he summoned in front of
his finger. Even though the flames weren’t Suimei’s doing, they quickly
gathered before him as if he were their master and converged into a
pronounced red ball of fire.
“Wha... Ah! M-My flame!”
The rude man’s heart sank at this sudden shocking development. Glaring
at Suimei, he demanded an explanation in a surprised tone.
“Th-The hell did you do?!”

“Don’t worry. Like I said, I’m just borrowing them.”
“There’s no way you can...”
Do that kinda crap?
While guessing what the man with the crude tone was about to say,
Suimei rolled his eyes.
“You people... No matter what, you deny the mysteries right before your
fucking eyes. Shouldn’t you at least take half a second to think about it
first?”
“The hell are you babbling about?! Tell me what the hell you did!”
“For the last time, damn it, I told you I’m borrowing them. Either thin
out the spell or put in a little more minute control, though. If you don’t,
there’ll be too much waste and it’ll have a shitty effect.”
As Suimei spat out those words, the polite man once more began
weaving together his interrupted spell.
“Oh Wind, thou art—”
“Fly.”
Before he could finish, Suimei shot out the gathered flames to keep him
in check. It was no surprise that the polite man’s wind was like a gentle
breeze before Suimei’s roaring fire. The air was sucked into the magickally
charged flames, consuming the wind spell altogether.
When it did, Suimei took action without a moment’s pause. Putting his
middle finger and thumb together, he used them as a substitute for the iron
sights of a firearm, and looked right through them at the arm of the polite
man. With a snap, an exciting boom rang out. The man’s staff was
splintered to pieces by the explosion. And with his arm sent reeling back, he
was wide open.
