received her blessings, we have an obligation to adhere to her words.”
The people of this world directly received oracles, or, as Lefille would
put it, blessings from the Elements and the Goddess. And since Lefille
herself was a descendant of the Goddess’s right hand, she felt especially
compelled to honor the Goddess. But even then...
“What happens if the person in question doesn’t want to do what she
was told?”
“But she must,” Elliot declared bluntly.
Despite being from a different world, the fact that he was so certain of
Alshuna and her will... It wasn’t exactly clear at present, but there was
likely a reason he had no doubt about the oracle. But even so, it felt strange
for him to ask what he was of Lefille in her present condition. Pondering all
this, Suimei posed him a question.

“You’re going off to subjugate the Demon Lord or whatever, right? And
you’re going to bring along someone who can’t fight?”
“I must admit I also feel awkward in that regard.”
Presented with such a reasonable objection, such a reply was only
natural.
“Then—”
“However, the fact that I received an oracle regardless means that there
is a reason that she must come with me, right?”
“That’s reading far too much into it, isn’t it?”
“But these oracles passed down to us are something so exquisite and
extraordinary that our minds cannot possibly comprehend the true meaning
behind them. They must simply be taken as divine.”
“Even if you say it like that while gesturing like you’re in a drama, it
doesn’t connect to belief in the Goddess, you know?”
Suimei shot down Elliot’s grand manner of speaking and gesticulating.
Christa was the one who came at him next.
“From what I’m hearing...”
“Hmm?”
“From what I’m hearing, you seem to be making naught but statements
denying the oracle. Are you saying that you oppose not just the hero Elliot-
sama, but also the will of the great Goddess Alshuna?”
“Th-That’s...”
Christa was lording over the group with a sharp gaze. And having that
cast upon her, Lefille faltered. Normally, the mere threatening gaze of some
girl wouldn’t cause even a fragment of anxiety within Lefille, but with
Alshuna added to the mix, it was only natural that she cave. It was there
that, to throw Lefille a lifeline, Felmenia challenged Christa with a tense
attitude that was quite unusual for her.
“It is certainly true that the word of Alshuna is important, but are you
not ignoring the circumstances too inconsiderately? I do believe it is far too
hasty of you to take Lefille along with you right here, right now.”
“And I do believe everyone is well aware that we are not in a situation
where we have any time for leisure. The Kingdom of Noshias was brought
to ruin by the demons, and just the other day, the hands of evil dug their
fingers into the Kingdom of Astel, as you may know.”
“And that was prevented.”

“What of it? The problem at hand is that there are demons invading
territories even as we speak.”
“However, even if Lefille were to go to go with the hero, that doesn’t
mean the current situation will change. Rather, there is a considerable
possibility that you would just be dragging an innocent bystander into
trouble. Would that not damage the hero’s reputation?”
Felmenia and Christa stared each other down, sparks flying. For a
moment, it had seemed that the argument was flowing against Felmenia’s
favor, but she managed to counterattack and regain her ground. Christa then
tightly sealed her mouth shut in a perfectly straight line, and Felmenia
noticed that Elliot was watching her intently.
“...Is something the matter?”
“I would like to hear your name.”
“I am called Fem Ray.”
When he asked for her name, Felmenia created an alias on the spot.
Elliot then drew closer to her, looking at her as though she’d piqued his
interest.
“Fem-san, you also seem to have quite a lot of mana.”
“Wh-What?!”
“Currently, we are in the middle of expanding our forces to face the
Demon Lord. In other words, we are looking for people like you who
possess outstanding skills. Fem-san, would you consider coming with us
along with Lefille-chan?”
“Wha?!”
“WH-WHAAAAAT?!”
“No, rather than asking if you would come along, it would be better to
decide that you were. If I am not mistaken, the authority to recruit allies is
also part of being a hero.”
Saying that, Elliot turned to Christa for confirmation.
“...Yes. It is just as you say.”
Though she affirmed what he said, she hesitated for a moment before
doing so. It was likely because she harbored ill feelings towards Felmenia.
Despite the little clash they’d just had, she was invited to join their party, so
it was certainly understandable that Christa didn’t take kindly to the idea.
Elliot, however, seemed to pay it no mind.
“Then... do you understand?”

“E-Even so...”
Before Felmenia’s bewilderment could get any more staggering, Suimei
cut in.
“No matter how you put it, isn’t that far too high-handed?”
“That may be.”
Elliot didn’t try to dodge the question. But he did turn a scrutinizing
look on Suimei, as if evaluating him.
“What?”
“She appears to be strong, but you do not seem to possess the skills to be
able to endure our journey.”
“Oh yeah?”
“In others words, you cannot come with us. Though it is regrettable,
give it up here. To you, it may seem like your two female companions are
being taken from you, but to the people of this world, the subjugation of the
Demon Lord takes precedent over all else. For the sake of the people of this
world, I would have you swallow your tears.”
Suimei’s face twitched a little. Having such contempt poured down on
him, Suimei was unable to even feign composure. Despite the fact that
they’d just met, he had no restraint and said whatever the hell he wanted.
“So how about it?”
“For the sake of the people of this world... Are you saying you can really
justify this with that excuse?”
“Excuse...? Do you mean to slander me in saying that I am trying to get
away with taking these girls along?”
“You would be precisely correct.”
As Suimei said that, Felmenia limply clung to him and began whining,
nearly in tears.
“Suimei-donooo! What do we doooooo?!”
Felmenia was excessively perplexed. Just where had that gallant figure
that faced off against Christa gone? Glaring at Elliot, Suimei replied to her.
“In your case, you can just ignore him, can’t you?”
“Th-That will not do! Just as he implied earlier, if the esteemed hero of
salvation requests the accompaniment of someone, they are obliged to
follow.”
Leaning in closer to Felmenia’s ear, Suimei whispered to her.
“What about the king’s mission?”

“No! If I were to give my real name, the Holy State would likely send a
formal notification to the Kingdom of Astel’s congress. If that came to pass,
even if His Majesty were to command otherwise...”
It wouldn’t do her any good, would it? Thinking about it, Suimei
recalled hearing about how the king was opposed to the hero summoning at
the world conference. And considering how that had gone, there was no
way the uncertain intentions of the king of a single country would be
prioritized over the good of the world. But even then, Suimei wasn’t willing
to back down.
“I refuse.”
“It has nothing to do with you. I have no reason to humor your
objections.”
“Sure you do. These two are my companions. It only stands to reason
that I should have a say in the matter.”
“As I said so before, this is for the sake of the world.”
As Elliot once more used the circumstances of this world as a shield,
Suimei grew irritated.
“Like I give a shit about that.”
“Suimei-kun!”
“Suimei-dono!”
Even if it was something that he shouldn’t have said in public, he had to
say it. And hearing it, Felmenia and Lefille both raised their voices in
surprise. The hero Elliot also spoke up in a considerably surprised tone.
“Are you not a citizen of this world yourself?”
“Maybe so. However, that’s inconsequential to me.”
“You...”
Elliot stared at him in bewilderment, and Suimei returned his gaze with
one that showed his iron will. Their staring contest raged on briefly, but one
girl quickly put an end to it. It was Christa.
“Did you all hear this man just now?! Behold! This man opposes the
words of our awe-inspiring Goddess and defies her will!”
Felmenia and Lefille nearly jumped out of their chairs. Turning her back
to Suimei and the others, Christa acted like she was giving a dramatic
speech to the people inside the Twilight Pavilion from the corner of the hall.
So this was a contrived, exaggerated denunciation to drag everyone else
into it and try and intimidate them with numbers, was it?

In response to the loud voice Christa suddenly fired out, various people
spoke up. The members of the Twilight Pavilion, who had only been
whispering as they looked on at Suimei and the others, were now at full
volume. Even the people in line to submit commissions who seemed to be
followers of the Church of Salvation were tossing judgmental looks their
way.
Before long, the atmosphere in the guild hall was so tense that it felt like
it might detonate. Disparaging words like “scoundrel” and “shameless”
were being hurled at Suimei. He couldn’t exactly say they were wrong, but
turning unrelated people against them by fanning the flames of their
religious devotion pissed Suimei off to no end.
“Goddess this, Goddess that... Whatever she says goes, huh? Is the will
of the person in question just trash to you, then?”
“That is not the case. However, the problem at hand now is a matter of
perspective where such emotions cannot be the only basis for one’s
actions.”
Even so...
“How idiotic.”
“What...?”
Hearing Suimei’s overt decrying of his words, Elliot was seized by
confusion for an instant. After giving him a sidelong glance, Suimei turned
to Felmenia and Lefille. They were likely in the throes of confusion
themselves. The wishes of the Goddess and their own wishes were in direct
opposition right now, and they were trembling with anxiety at the dilemma.
“Just look at them. Some goddess or whatever who makes people
who’ve lived proper lives quake in fear like that is completely worthless.
Am I wrong?”
“You would still speak like that...?”
“Yeah, I just did. What about it? If you’re saying that you’re going to
take them anyways... Hmph, go ahead and try.”
Hearing Suimei’s provoking declaration, the crowd in the hall was abuzz
again. Whispers of “How could you say that to Hero-sama?” and “Do you
think you can win against the hero?” were flying around the room.
Unsurprisingly, Elliot and Christa seemed to feel the same way.
“You against me, a hero?”
“That’s right.”

Suimei obstinately reaffirmed that he would not yield. But despite
