“He vani—”
The moment Suimei disappeared, the man shouted out in surprise.
Suimei—who had only transformed into vapor—moved over to him in the
blink of an eye, and manifested in a stance ready to deliver a strike to his
solar plexus.
The hand he thrust out had already donned the gloves of discord. And as
he poured mana into it, the magickal item’s effect activated. His opponent
felt it. The signals from the bundle of nerves located deep within the body,
the nerve plexus, was scrambled, sending pain screaming through each and
every one of his nerves.

But the man himself made no noise. He had no time. He collapsed
almost instantaneously from the shock and fell to the ground, eyes open and
everything. Suimei then looked over to see the rude man, seemingly
crushed by overpowering mana, collapsed in front of Liliana and frothing at
the mouth. Verifying that everything was in order, Liliana had a single thing
to say.
“Let’s... change locations.”
★
Leaving the men where they were, Suimei and Liliana walked off like
they hadn’t had anything to do with what just happened. Reaching a place
slightly removed from the upper class district, the two of them came to a
stop where the bricks of the road had turned gray. Dusting off her skirt,
Liliana spoke in a thorny voice like she was reluctant to even do that much.
“Seriously... This is the very definition... of unwanted meddling.”
Ignoring her irritated words, Suimei began questioning her.
“So, who were those guys?”
“It has... nothing to do... with you.”
“True.”
After being flatly denied an answer, Suimei was willing to drop it there.
“And... what were you doing there... exactly?”
“I told you I just happened to be passing by. If I remember right...
Liliana, was it?”
“I do not recall... naming myself. Why do you... know my name?”
“Hmm? That’s ’cause...”
“I see... You’re one of those people... that the military police... have been
rounding up a lot lately... A despicable stalker... Then you must have been
here today to...”
“No, damn it. I heard it from that clerk at the checkpoint. Why am I a
stalker all of a sudden?”
“I know. It was just... a little joke. There’s no way... you could stalk me.”
“You little...”
Speaking in a flat, confident tone, she closed her eye. Seeing Liliana
naturally act so cool with an aloof expression on her face, Suimei’s
shoulders drooped like he was tired. It was hard to tell when she was

joking.
As Suimei let out a troubled sigh over Liliana’s attitude, a sudden
change came over the area. The mana in their surroundings welled up, and
something like a tingling poison or acid filled the air. It was different from
the pressure she’d unleashed earlier, and more like what she’d used at the
checkpoint.
“It’s about time... that you answer me. What have you... come here to
do?”
Liliana questioned Suimei as she narrowed her sleepy eye. The backdrop
of the townscape suddenly looked like it was in a heat haze to Suimei. It
was as if they were standing atop burning hot asphalt. And when he didn’t
respond, Liliana’s mana swelled even more, completely blurring their
surroundings.
It was an interrogation using intimidation to force him to talk. But
Suimei flashed a fearless smile as if that only riled him up. He shrugged his
shoulders and replied to her in a frivolous tone.
“What’s that? Are foreigners not allowed to go for walks? I went
through all the proper channels to live in this country, you know?”
“We’re very close... to the upper class district. If you loiter around...
without any business here... of course you look suspicious... Now answer
me.”
“Those guys just now looked way more suspicious than I do, though.”
Liliana no longer cared about what Suimei did or didn’t want to tell her.
If he remembered right, she was a second lieutenant. As a soldier, this type
of questioning was likely part of her regular duties. Suimei was largely
unconvinced by all this, but he decided to capitulate for now. He didn’t
really have a need to be obstinate about it, so in a complete change from his
previously frivolous attitude, he answered her honestly.
“I’m looking for the library. That big one this place is so famous for.”
“The... Imperial University Library?”
“There’s a little something I want to look into. Look, it should be
here...”
Suimei showed Liliana the hand-drawn map he’d gotten from Jillbert.
“Why are you acting... like you’re going to have me explain it? Don’t
act... so familiar.”
“It’s not a big deal, right? Just tell me. I’ll buy you some sweets if you

do.”
“No thank you. Please don’t treat me... like a child. Also... your map is
wrong.”
“Huh...”
Despite sounding like she had no intention to help him, she pointed that
much out to him. It seemed she was at least a little nice underneath it all.
But what was wrong about it? Suimei frowned, and Liliana looked over the
map once more.
“Yes... It’s quite wrong.”
“...That damn legal delinquent loli. Fucking lying to me...”
The head of the ward for the district Suimei lived in was Jillbert Griga.
She seemed to get along with Lefille. Whenever she had time, she would
come to their house to play with her, though she was always quite rude to
Suimei. But when he’d mentioned he was going to the library earlier today,
she offered to draw him a map and eagerly got to work. It appeared this
little trick was what she’d really been up to. Jillbert came off as quite frank
and upfront, but after opening the lid and looking inside, it seemed she was
a bit twisted.
“Four of the streets... are wrong.”
“Seriously?”
After Liliana informed him of such, Suimei could only sigh and curse
Jillbert in his head.
“Umm, sooo, how do I get there from here?”
“As I said... don’t just—”
“Okay, okay. I’ll throw in three more sweets. That should do it, right?”
“Why are you... trying to tempt me... with sweets?”
“Do you not like sweets? Would toys or something be better?”
“Y-You’re seriously...”
Realizing that Suimei wasn’t listening to her at all, Liliana began
trembling slightly. Perhaps sensing her anger was useless, however, she let
out a deliberately loud sigh as if announcing Suimei’s victory in twisting
her arm.
“Fine... I’ll guide you... so please follow me.”
“Sorry ’bout that. I’ll buy you some sweets though, so take that as an
apology.”
“I don’t want any. And when we’re done here... get away from me...

immediately.”
★
From there, Suimei followed Liliana down the road. She looked behind
her every now and then, and made small talk with him as they walked
along. She was a girl with a curt attitude and a dangerous air about her,
but...
“One way or another, she’s kind, huh?”
“Did you say something?”
“Nope, nothing... So, Liliana, what were you doing in that kinda place?
It wasn’t like you went there to pick a fight, right?”
“Patrol.”
As she guided him to the library—though he couldn’t tell if she was
happy about doing so or not—Suimei took the opportunity to interrogate
her. She gave a terse answer, which Suimei immediately called into
question.
“You’re quite passionate about work, huh? But isn’t that kinda thing the
job of the military police?”
“I’m surprised... you know that. That is... certainly the case. However...
lately there has been an incident... kicking up a fuss in the imperial capital...
so they are shorthanded.”
“Ah, if I recall, something about people ending up in a coma, right?”
“That’s right. If you don’t want to get involved too... make sure not to
walk around on your own... in that kind of place.”
When she said that, Suimei tried tossing out a theory he’d concocted on
the spot.
“Which means... the incidents have been happening around the upper
class district, huh?”
“...”
“What? Not gonna answer me?”
She didn’t. She kept silent and kept walking. Did she have a reason to be
apprehensive about this subject? Even though she’d been turning to look
back at him frequently up until now, she stopped doing so and just looked
forward. Surely his random guesswork hadn’t hit the nail on the head... had
it? As Suimei was wondering how bad it was to stab a bullseye in the dark

like that in front of someone who knew about the investigation and trying to
think of ways to smooth it over, Liliana threw him a bit of a curveball.
“...I have something I want to ask.”
“What is it?”
“Are you not... scared of me?”
She had her head turned ever so slightly towards him now, and was
looking at him with her trademark stare.
“Huh? Ah... Not really? But why are you asking about that all of a
sudden?”
“You... keep starting conversations with me... even though I threatened
you. Other people... would just freeze in fear... or, like the people from
before, fight back. So... why is that?”
“Like I’d get the jitters from just a little pressure like that. Besides,
you’re younger than me, right? Like hell I’d embarrass myself like that.”
If someone was endowed with great mana, their ability to dominate an
area was equally powerful. And when a mage dominates an area, all within
it becomes a target. Being under the effects of such domination can have an
effect on the psyche. So when a mage wants to overwhelm an opponent,
filling the area with their mana was the most efficient method of doing so.
But if Suimei cowered every time someone tried that on him, he’d never get
anything done. Liliana’s mana was certainly quite powerful, but Suimei was
no ordinary mage.
“...Is that so? You are... unusual.”
Liliana faced forward again in a huff. It was certainly true that there
were those who found her appearance foreboding. Her title as a soldier was
also something that invited the nervousness in the general populace.
Considering how she presented herself, it was no wonder people shied away
from her.
“So you’re aware that you give off a prickly aura, huh?”
“Well, to an extent. However... I was taught by my direct superior... that
such a thing... is necessary for a soldier. Since I possess techniques for
combat... I have to be a symbol of fear... he said.”
Suimei let out a sigh. Averting his gaze from her, he looked up at the sky
and gave an exasperated reply.
“Liar.”
“...”

“Isn’t that right? The reason you pressure your surroundings isn’t to
overwhelm your enemies, it’s to protect yourself. It’s a way of keeping
vigilant. Am I wrong?”
“Why... do you think that?”
“You keep your distance with no reason, and react to even the most
trivial change in your surroundings. In both what you say and do. Just like
at the checkpoint, you jump to trying to dominate other people... Other than
that, call it a hunch.”
