getting a taste of Suimei’s indomitable attitude, Elliot seemed unfazed. He
then turned to Lefille and tried to persuade her.
“You also understand the importance of the Goddess Alshuna’s will, do
you not?”
“I-I’m, um...”
Lefille fell silent and eventually nodded. As long as she received the
Goddess’s blessing, she had no other way to answer.
“Even she seems to understand full well.”
“Sure. But even so.”
Suimei had made a promise. That no matter the cause, he wouldn’t let
her go through something unpleasant. He hadn’t made the same promise to
Felmenia, but he felt the same way about her. With Suimei denying him
again and again, Elliot let out an astonished sigh and shifted his attention
back to the unrelenting boy.
“...Very well. Though I feel sorry for you, I will be taking them by
force.”
So it was decided. And following that, Christa once more made a fuss,
extolling their righteousness to the crowd.
“Did you hear that?! These people have boldly declared their opposition
to our dear Goddess!”
In response to Christa’s loud voice, the people in the hall once more spat
insults in Suimei’s direction. They were even louder and more vehement
this time around. Felmenia remained as she was with a bitter expression,
but Lefille was weak to their rebuke. Her face went pale as if she was
standing on a bed of nails.
“...Every fucking last one of them...”
Answering the harsh voices that fell on him, Suimei let out his own
criticism. These people didn’t care at all about what anyone else was going
through. They had no empathy, and were just expressing their blind
devotion to a figure they’d never seen or met. They were falling prey to a
mob mentality, each trying to be the most devoted. It was like they’d
abandoned their ability to think for themselves, and it was a poor statement
of their character.
“Suimei-kun... In the end, if I just give up...”
Lefille spoke up timidly, and Suimei gently stroked her head.

“Suimei-dono...”
Felmenia’s gaze implored him, asking what they should do, what they
could do. Suimei looked back to her, signaling for her not to worry. He then
turned his uncompromising gaze on the hero and his attendant.
Even if they’d received an oracle, this was nothing other than high-
handed tyranny. What did they know of Lefille and her circumstances, her
pain? Did they even know how long Felmenia had waited to be with
Suimei? Was it the heroic thing to do to just ignore those feelings?
Christa was still inciting an uproar. Preparing to have a bout with the
hero Elliot, Suimei took his distance. The other people in the crowd lined
up and encircled them as if forming an arena.
The reason Suimei acquired power... Recalling that once more right
now, anything and everything that held him back was blown clean away.
“Alright. Come get some. I don’t care if you’re a hero or whatever, but if
you’re gonna stand in my way, I’ll just brush you aside too.”
“I believe I already said it. That you do not have the talent to stand
alongside us. There is no way that you could possibly be a match for me,
I’m afraid.”
“...”
“Despite what you might think looking at me, even in my own world I
was a reasonably well-known master of the sword and magic. And after
coming to this world, I received the divine protection of the hero
summoning. You should understand full well what sort of significance that
holds.”
“Who cares? I don’t give a damn about any of that.”
“You do not seem to be the type of person who can be reached with
conversation. I—”
Before Elliot could finish his declaration, Suimei unleashed his mana
and his malice for this guy. Rather than burning hot, it was freezing cold.
Between that and the pressure he exuded, the atmospheric temperature
immediately fell below freezing. Perhaps because the temperature of the
room had dropped so suddenly, all of the moisture in the room condensed in
an instant, and even the walls of the guild hall broke into a cold sweat.
Naturally, the color in the face of anyone peeking at Suimei was gone in
a flash. Their breath all came out as white mist in the now freezing room.
Under the powerful psychic cold that Suimei unleashed, even time itself

seemed to have frozen. Scarcely anyone could move. From the tips of their
fingers to the tips of their toes, they felt frozen solid.
“What were you saying about my power again?”
“You...”
Even as cold sweat moistened his brow, Elliot persevered. It seemed that
his claim of being a well-known master in his own world wasn’t just a
bluff. He could still move. Normally this was the point where Suimei would
at least offer a word of praise for his opponent, but he had no intent of
doing so this time. Instead, he coldly approach his enemy with a composed
stride. Nothing more.
Elliot drew the sword hanging at his waist and brandished it. Unlike the
broadsword that Reiji carried, Elliot’s had a long, narrow blade. Mana
spread throughout the black blade, making it shine like it was burning red.
It was likely made of shining orichalcos. At a glance, it seemed there was
no mistaking it. It was supposed to be a material that wasn’t suitable for
weapons, but it seemed it was treated differently here in this world. But
such details weren’t what was important right now. The so-called hero was
stepping forward with the intent of taking the initiative. However, because
of the psychic cold, he was unable to move as swiftly as he ordinarily did,
and that compromised some of the strength he received from the hero
summoning.
“Elliot-sama... Oh Lightning, thou who art the incarnation of that
shining power! Emulate this sharp will of mine, and pierce though in an
instant! Blitz Shot!”
Was Christa trying to get in some support first? Urged by the
atmosphere in the air, she incanted a lightning spell. With the crackling war
cry of electricity, a shining pale violet light appeared in the air. However...
“Vanish.”
With but a single word from Suimei, the manifested power of the
mysteries vanished. Christa realized that the magic she wove herself had
been utterly dispelled into nothingness. Now sensing just how large the gap
in power between them was, she fell to her knees right where she stood.
And in the middle of that, Elliot came cutting in. Rather, thrusting in.
Was it from the blessing of the hero summoning, or was he that good with a
sword to begin with? A single thrust with one hand came in like a gale. In a
flash, it reached its maximum speed. But when it came to agility, Kuchiba

Hatsumi was a step above. The instant before the point of the sword reached
him, Suimei rotated his body around Elliot’s dominant hand, and while
passing by him, began the chant for his spell. Turning his head around, the
hero gave Suimei a sharp look. Just going halfway wouldn’t be enough.
The chant’s energy was the mudra. The Mantra of Light was replicated
by the symbol of five variegated lights. His left hand became a fist like a
vajra held at his waist, and he brought his right hand with his five fingers
slightly spread apart to his left side. The circle was the enlightened mind.
And the magicka he wove was the sweet voice of Kalavinka, which
forcefully released an opponent’s mana.
And then, he chanted with all his might. In other words, a true chant.
“Buddhi brahma. Buddhi vidya. Asat nada mahayama om karuma.
Kalpa devana gara. Kalpa—”
[Awaken power. Along with great knowledge. That voice that reaches far
and wide is high above in the heavens, and with that sweet echo, thou shalt
release the original sin. Thou shalt listen to the eternal voice of the lotus.
Thou shalt listen—]
“Please wait right there!”
“—?!”
Suddenly, a voice urging restraint called out to Suimei. He suspended
his chant for the moment and turned towards it. And he wasn’t the only one.
Considering the timing, everyone had their eyes on the owner of that voice.
And judging by its high pitch, Suimei could guess it was a woman. When
he looked, he saw the therianthrope nun that he and Lefille met at the
church they visited. Still kneeling on the floor, Christa asked for her to
name herself.
“A-And you are...?”
“I am Sister Clarissa from the Church of Salvation! I come bearing a
new oracle passed down from our dear Goddess!”
★
“Both of you, please put an end to this.”
As Clarissa rose to the stage of the bout between Elliot and Suimei, she
looked at the two of them and implored them to stop. Finally standing up,
Christa expressed her reservations on this sudden development.

“A new oracle? What do you mean by that? More importantly, does this
oracle have something to do with us?”
“Yes. It concerns the hero and the gentleman over there, and it was
passed down to me directly from our dear Goddess just now.”
“Me... and him?”
“Yes. The two of you must not directly come into conflict over the girl
with red hair. Settle this matter by catching the shadow who is causing a
disturbance here in the imperial capital, it said.”
With this most unexpected arbitration, the crowd was astir once more.
To think that oracles would be piling on top of oracles like this... It was
beyond anybody’s expectations. Suimei addressed the nun next.
“Sister, what do you mean by shadow who is causing a disturbance here
in the imperial capital?”
“It is likely referring to the culprit behind the coma incidents, I believe.
This oracle is saying to use catching that culprit to settle this...”
“In other words, to use this as a match between us.”
“Yes. And that being the case, please bring this display to an end. It is
futile to fight in such a place, is it not?”
With the sister advocating that their fight would be useless, Elliot
obediently sheathed his sword.
“Understood. If the oracle says so, then I will withdraw my blade.”
Seeing that, Suimei also quietly dismissed his mana. If he were to
recklessly fight in such a situation, there would be nothing to gain from it.
After stowing his sword, Elliot looked towards Suimei.
“That appears to be the situation, but what will you do?”
“Hmph. I don’t have any obligation to listen to the words of Alshuna or
whoever. But if you’re saying that we can settle this matter without any
future troubles this way, then I’m fine with jumping on board.”
“I cannot stomach your manner of speaking, but... It’s settled, then.”
With that, Elliot declared his consent and headed towards Christa.
“Elliot-sama...”
Christa looked at him with an anxious expression, but Elliot turned back
to look at Suimei.
“If I am not mistaken... Suimei Yakagi, was it? Your name, that is.”
“Yeah.”
“I will remember that. Now, let’s go, Christa.”

Elliot then took Christa and passed through the crowd of onlookers,
leaving the guild behind. As Suimei watched him walk off, Clarissa drew
closer to him.
“It has been a while.”
“I never thought you would force your way through like that, sister.”
“I’m equally surprised. I came to the Twilight Pavilion because I had
business here, and lo and behold, the gentleman I met the other day at the
sermon was stirring up trouble with the hero.”
It must have been quite unexpected for her. To think that, knowing that
his opponent was the hero who would save the world, Suimei would pick a
fight regardless... Pondering that, Suimei realized Clarissa’s actions were
strange. Based on what she’d said, it didn’t sound like she’d come over to
bring them an oracle.
“Sister, that oracle just now...”
“The oracle? That was...” She brought her face closer to Suimei’s to
whisper to him. Then, with an impish smile, she said, “a lie.”
“Wha... What?!”
“If I hadn’t said such a thing, the hero would have had the shit—Ahem!
