and thrust an emphatic finger out at him. Her antsy, frustrated demeanor
was unexpectedly charming in its own way. Meanwhile, Lefille was still
scowling and muttering.
“You’re still on about that...?”
“Now now...”
Sensing that the immediate danger had passed, the young clerk timidly
tried to butt in to mediate. The girl, however, seemed to understand that
Suimei was joking, and she turned to him without any of the intimidating
fierceness from before.
“I’m leaving.”
With that, she took the registry she’d been handed and went back
through the door into the city.
“Phew... This is kind of a bad omen before we’ve even entered the city,
huh?”
With the tension cleared from the air, Suimei let out a sigh of relief. The
young clerk followed up with an even bigger one.
“Please do refrain from making such provocative remarks. That girl is
Second Lieutenant Zandyke, after all.”
“Ah, yeah, sorry about that.”
As Suimei awkwardly scratched the back of his head, Lefille spoke up.
It seemed she’d recalled something.
“I see. I thought I recognized that last name, but was that Liliana
Zandyke?”
“You know her?”
“Her father is one of the Seven Swords, Rogue Zandyke. Even in the
Empire, she’s a distinguished mage. Despite being so young, I’ve heard that
she’s remarkably talented and has even been made one of the Imperial Elite
Twelve.”
“Hmm... If Mizuki heard that, she’d be ecstatic.”
The Seven Swords, the Imperial Elite Twelve... That was the kind of
juicy fantasy material that Mizuki lived for, and it was enough to tell

Suimei that this girl was actually quite a bigshot. Even on Earth, there were
similar titles given to distinguished magicians and swordsmen. It likely
worked the same way here as well.
After Lefille speculated on the girl’s identity, the clerk nodded to
confirm what she’d said.
“Yes, that’s right. That’s why I believe you should avoid acting in such a
way where she might have her eye on you.”
“I’ll be careful.”
Suimei accepted the friendly warning, and conversation came to an end.
The clerk then urged Suimei and Lefille over to a bench.
“Now then, I need to go finalize these papers, so please just wait here a
moment.”
While Suimei was scrutinizing the vestiges of the girl’s mana, Lefille sat
down on the bench and dangled her feet around as if to distract herself from
the tedium. The military police then called in the next people to enter: a
small group of what looked like travelers. While they were filling out their
forms, they struck up a conversation with the young clerk.
“Hey, did you hear? They’re saying a hero was summoned in Astel.”
“Yes, if I am not mistaken, he’s called Reiji-sama. Lots of people are
talking about him.”
Hearing the familiar name of his good friend, Suimei’s ears twitched.
Lefille, who knew of Suimei’s circumstances, turned and whispered to him.
“Suimei-kun, that’s...”
“Yeah, they’re probably talking about my friend.”
It hadn’t even been all that long since they’d departed on their journey,
yet travelers had already heard the news. He must have done something to
earn a reputation for himself. While Suimei secretly praised him for
accomplishing that, the two traveling men continued their conversation with
the clerk.
“He was acknowledged by the most prominent members of each
attribute in the Mage’s Guild and given the title Attribute Master.”
“Oh yeah, for how he could manipulate magic of all attributes, right?
Man, the Attribute Master...”
“It is a splendid title, isn’t it? Attribute Master. I am but a civil officer,
but I look up to him.”
Hearing those two words repeated three times, Suimei was starting to

lose control on the floodgates of his laughter.
“Tch... Pfft... Seriously, knock it off...”
“...?”
Watching Suimei try to choke back laughter, Lefille stared at him
blankly. Neither one of them was prepared for the surprising declaration the
travelers made next.
“I hear that he recently led a force from Astel against an invading army
of demons attacking Kurant City and exterminated them all.”
“Not only that, I hear he even defeated a demon general too. If I
remember right, it was the one called Rajas, I think?”
Lefille was the first to react, and Suimei quickly followed suit with a
puzzled expression.
“Wha?!”
“Hey now... What’s going on here?”
The young clerk, however, sounded completely impressed.
“It truly is amazing. It hasn’t even been that long since he was
summoned, and he’s already got such achievements to his name...”
Suimei and Lefille were impressed too, to be fair, but it was for a very
different reason. They exchanged knowing looks with each other. It seemed
that, completely unbeknownst to them, the story had taken a strange turn
somewhere.
★
His horse raced across the ground muddied by the recent rain. Before the
kicked-up mud could fall back to the earth, he’d spurred his horse on faster
and was long gone from the spot. The minute amount of water splashing
into the air sparkled like faint gray crystals thanks to the still gloomy skies.
It was a few days before Suimei and Lefille arrived in the imperial
capital of Filas Philia.
After hearing of Suimei’s crisis from Gregory, Reiji took off on
horseback and was soon joined by Mizuki and Titania, who chased after
him. The three of them crossed the border between Nelferia and Astel,
coming upon the woodlands that spread out to the east of Kurant City.
Splitting off from the highway, they were just about to arrive at the tree
line of the vast woodlands using paths that could hardly be called roads. All

they could see before them was green as far as the eye could see. Riding
next to Reiji, Titania gripped her reins tightly and called out to him.
“What luck we had, finding some horses along the way... If not for that,
we may never have caught up with you, Reiji-sama.”
What she was talking about with a relieved expression was her good
fortune in managing to join back up with Reiji. Finding out about his good
friend Yakagi Suimei’s crisis, even knowing he was being foolish, Reiji had
dashed off on his own. Titania and the others followed after him, and on the
path back to Astel, they’d luckily managed to find and borrow some horses.
With those, they were able to catch up to Reiji while he was letting his
horse rest partway to his destination. Reiji, however, seemed to feel
differently about it and spoke to her apologetically.
“Yeah... But isn’t this wrong, Tia? You ended up getting dragged into
this because of my selfishness...”
“It is hardly a matter of right and wrong in such a fashion. You needed to
go, and that was all the reason needed to come. It is my duty to accompany
you.”
“Sorry, this time, it’s...”
Yes, this time, he was the one at fault. Both for the demons advancing
into Astel, and for running off on his own. To say that he was the cause of it
all wouldn’t be wrong. And now that the girls had come along, he knew that
he was responsible for them too. He felt guilty. However, as if she wasn’t
worried at all about his internal remorse, Titania shook her head with a
smile.
“No, this situation is hardly your fault, Reiji-sama. The ones to throw
Suimei into a trap were the nobles from my country. And we were the ones
who summoned you and your companions to this world in the first place,
which was really how this all got started. As a royal of Astel, it is my duty
to assist you, the hero. You needn’t feel responsibility for that.”
“Yeah, thanks...”
“Do not trouble yourself over it. Rather than me...”
Titania glanced over her shoulder as she sat up in her saddle. There was
no need to ask who her anxious look was directed at. Riding behind them
was the other girl who’d been wrapped up in this because Reiji decided to
act on his own.
“Mizuki...”

Still unable to ride a horse on her own, Mizuki was sharing a horse with
Luka and holding on to her as they rode along together. She was not yet
used to the terror of battle and was still somewhat shaken from their last
encounter, but nevertheless, she was headed off to a place where a large
demon army was gathered. She swallowed her fears to follow Reiji. He was
honestly happy she was so brave and supportive, but Titania voiced his
concerns for him.
“Mizuki, there is no need to force yourself. If you think that you cannot
fight, do back off without fail. Understood?”
“But...”
Mizuki was hesitant to accept such a suggestion. Suimei was her friend
too. Knowing he was in danger and having come this far, could she really
back off now without doing anything? Her conscience ate away at her. And
as she was seized by embattled emotions, Reiji gave his own opinion on the
matter.
“Mizuki, it’s okay not to force yourself. If something happened not just
to Suimei, but you too, I...”
He wouldn’t be able to forgive himself. That’s why he wanted her to
step back without any hesitation.
“Reiji-kun...”
“That’s why, if things get unreasonable, we’ll have you retreat with
Luka somewhere safe, alright?”
“...Alright. But Reiji-kun, don’t do anything too reckless yourself, okay?
I mean it.”
“Yeah, I promise.”
With a somewhat sorrowful expression, Reiji lied to reassure her for the
time being. That’s right, his words were nothing but a farce. It was obvious.
He could make the promise, say the words with his lips, but nowhere in his
heart did he have any intention to keep it.
After waiting for Reiji and Mizuki’s exchange to end, Titania called out
to him.
“Reiji-sama, what are you thinking of doing from here?”
“Well, first I was thinking we should get closer to where we think the
demons are. We may not have the time to do any real scouting, but we don’t
yet know where Suimei and the others are. Once we can confirm the size of
the demon forces, I think it’ll be good to find a place to hide.”

Their number one priority was saving Suimei. There was no need to go
out of their way to pick a fight with the demons. Taking a tactical approach
would help make sure that they found what they needed to after getting a
firm grasp of the situation. There was no denying that the odds of finding
the trade corps intact and Suimei with them were depressingly low, but even
then...
“Oho, are you not going to break directly through the demon front?”
“No way! Even I know that would be unreasonable.”
“Good, it seems you have not forgotten to remain calm. It appears my
concern was unnecessary.”
“Was that a test? How shrewd of you, Tia... Well, how about it?”
“Let me see... I think it is sound to make a call after fully assessing the
situation.”
Satisfied with Titania’s support, Reiji decided to ask her what she would
have done had he answered the opposite way.
“Hey, Tia... If I said I wanted to cut through, what would you do?”
“I would accompany you.”
“That’s...”
“I do believe I mentioned this before we departed on our journey, Reiji-
sama, but accompanying you is my duty. Even if you rush into battle to
perish, I shall follow.”
Just what was it that she was looking at as she stared into the horizon?
