weariness that crept across the affected region like crawling bugs and the
despair that violated one’s very nerves should have made any opponent
twist their face in anguished screams. Suimei Yakagi remained, however,
with his two feet planted firmly on the ground and was staring at the
shadow intently.
“Are you...”
Were there words of hatred for his enemy to come? No, what came next
was...

“Are you manipulating this kinda thing... like you are...”
Anger and pity were mixed in awkwardly with his misgivings.
Was there a reason to ask such a thing after all this time? The shadow
was a master of dark magic. They used magic that ate away at their own
body like worms, and with that power, they would bring down all who
would impede that person. It was obvious. To the shadow, this was
completely natural. Something they had to do. Yes, everything, absolutely
everything was for the sake of protecting that person...
For the sake of protecting that person, did I wound him with my own
hands?
“—?!”
And just then, the shadow realized something. Yes, the line that they
should never have crossed. Who was this? This man wasn’t one of the
nobles who threatened that person, was he? So why... why would he not just
settle down and do as he was told? Suimei Yakagi was a man who’d called
out to the shadow with a gentle voice. A man who’d tried to make sure they
weren’t alone. And here he was, that same man... After everything he’d
done, had the shadow really fired off dangerous dark magic that could have
easily taken his life?
“Hey, wait—!”
By the time they realized that, the shadow was running away from him.
★
It was unexpected that Suimei was struck by his opponent’s magic.
Immediately after the short shadow retreated into the darkness, Felmenia
and Lefille came running over to him.
“Suimei-dono!”
“Suimei-kun!”
Even as they approached him, Suimei continued to intently watch the
black haze tenaciously coiling around his left arm. And seeing him like that,
Felmenia called out to him again.
“A-Are you alright? It appeared that you were struck by that dark magic
just now, but...”
“Yeah, I ate it. It fucking penetrated the rampart.”
Saying that, Suimei showed his left arm to Felmenia. Where his glove

and cuff were, there wasn’t anything unusual, but the portions of his arm
that the black haze coiled around were blackened and looked like they had
lost moisture.
“Th-This is...”
“They got me good. Seems that attack is probably classified as a
particularly strong destructive force, even among other astral attacks. And
it’s not just effective against the astral body. There’s a large fucking
influence showing on the physical body too.”
As Suimei said that, his face became grim. Lefille then stood on her
tiptoes and took a look for herself.
“Will this be alright?”
“If I leave it as it is, it’ll rot and crumble.”
“Wh-What?!”
“I-I-I-I-Is that not a serious problem?! Qu-Quickly, restoration magic!
No, is that even something that can be fixed by restoration magic?! Ummm,
what to do, what to do, what to—?!”
After hearing Suimei’s grave prediction, Lefille raised a surprised voice,
and Felmenia lost her composure altogether as she fell into a frenzy.
“Hey, calm down, Menia.”
“Is this something you can even be calm about?! Rather, how are you
able to remain so composed, Suimei-dono?!”
“That’s right, Suimei-kun! Necrosis is not a trivial matter, you know?!”
“It’s fine, I’m telling you. Since my astral body was done in, it just
means that even if I use healing magicka, it won’t go back to normal right
away is all.”
“Is that so?”
After Suimei nodded back to Lefille, Felmenia let out a grand sigh of
relief. His arm was wrinkling up and looked pretty bad, but in reality, the
condition—Well, he still couldn’t say that it wasn’t bad. Just based on the
fact that his astral body had been damaged, it could be said this was a
serious affair. Since it wasn’t just a normal wound, it would require a
considerable amount of time to heal properly. He wouldn’t be able to use
his left hand for a while, it seemed. And as Suimei once more lowered his
gaze to his left arm, a patrol whistle rang out.
“...The military police, right?”

★
It was a little after the military police came running over well past the
eleventh hour and demanded to know what had happened. While they
questioned Suimei and the others about why they were present at the scene,
the military police seemed to have indirectly heard about the situation
Suimei and the others were in, and they were able to get through the
questioning without any problems.
After giving the police a summary of everything that seemed necessary
and just leaving the rest out, the military police went about investigating the
scene. But even that seemed like they were just pretending to look around.
As Suimei casually watched them, he could see they were restlessly
moving around, but obviously not making any progress with their
investigation. In the end, it seemed that they did not have a good
understanding of dark magic either. Even the consultant who eventually
arrived from the Mage’s Guild could only just shake their head.
And while that was going on, the blockade formed by the military police
at the back of the scene had become quite noisy. Before long, the crowd of
military policemen split, and a single man wearing a military uniform came
through.
“What a coincidence. I had heard that there was someone who
challenged the hero, but to think it was you.”
It was a familiar voice. Suimei and Lefille recognized this man. He was
the one they’d seen at the church, and the same man Suimei had seen take
Liliana away by the library.
“If I’m not mistaken... We met the other day, did we not? You appear to
be someone from the imperial army, but why are you here?”
And as Suimei asked him that, the man closed his eyes without a single
change in his expression.
“I have no need to give you an answer to that. There is only one thing
you need to do now, and that’s to tell me what happened here. Nothing
more, Suimei Yakagi.”
Had he heard Suimei’s name from Liliana? He spoke to Suimei in a tone
that almost sounded like a command. Suimei fixed the disheveled portions
of his clothes and returned an answer.
“My apologies, but would it be alright for me to ask your name?”

“I am a colonel affiliated with the imperial army, Rogue Zandyke.”
It seemed she’d heard that name before, and Lefille knit her brow in
surprise. She then muttered what seemed to be a title.
“One of the Seven Swords...”
★
With a bitter orange backdrop emitted by the mana lamps that felt like it
could burn one’s eyes, many shadows were restlessly moving about. It was
the site of a coma incident. Suimei and the others who happened to be
present were sent back home, and in front of Rogue, who was watching the
military police continue their investigation, a small shadow wearing a
military uniform appeared.
“Where have you been, Liliana?”
Rogue called out to her without even turning to look at her, and Liliana
replied in a stiff manner.
“I was just... feeling the night breeze... a little...”
“I do believe I told you explicitly not to go outside needlessly.”
“My... apologies...”
Hearing Rogue’s reprimand, Liliana shrank back, seeming even smaller
than normal. Seeing Liliana contract like that—like it was an illusion of her
physically shrinking—Rogue spoke again without changing his expression
at all.
“Fine. Have you heard of the situation?”
“I have heard... most of the details... from the military police. I have a
grasp of it.”
“I see. From the state of the military police, how does it look to you?”
“It is... the same as always. The target of the culprit... was another noble
with a bad reputation... and without doing any serious investigation... they
punch in their time day and night... and seem to just be betting on whether...
the hero will do something about it.”
“A bad reputation... you say?”
As Rogue repeated her words in a way that was unusual for him, Liliana
nodded back. The military police were the same as always. They had no
motivation whatsoever with regards to this case. But that was expected. The
upper echelons of the Empire and the Church of Salvation made their move

first, so the military police had no real gusto to attack this job.
Even the hero who was added to the investigation recently was unable to
make any proper use of the military police. The second player was only just
falling behind. To her, the hero and the nobles posed no threat whatsoever.
Yes, after innocently returning to the scene of the crime, that’s what she
thought, but...
“It may be convenient to me, but because of this, recently those around
me have been noisy.”
“Colonel...”
Was that grumbling because he was racking his brains on the adverse
effects the incident had brought about? Yes. The noble that she defeated
today, as well as all the nobles that she had defeated up until now, were all a
bunch that thought lowly of Rogue, who’d risen through the ranks as a
commoner. If they just looked down on him, it would be one thing, but they
were even maneuvering to bring Rogue down and finish him off. If those
types of people were all dragged into the incidents one after the other,
people were bound to get suspicious one way or another.
That was trouble. But if she were to fear that and be negligent with
them, one day Rogue would be crushed by the jealousy and envy of those
damned nobles. That’s why, no matter what happened to her, for the
Colonel... Yes, for the adoptive father who picked her up and raised her...
With that, Liliana hardened her resolve and apologized to Rogue in her
heart.
“Liliana.”
“Y-Yes.”
While she was immersed in thought, Rogue suddenly called to her and
exposed her failure to pay attention. However, without reprimanding her for
it, he spoke as if staring into the darkness at someone who’d vanished.
“About the one from before, Suimei Yakagi...”
“Is there something... about that man?”
“I want information about him. Make contact and investigate him.”
Hearing that unexpected order from her adoptive father and superior,
Liliana returned a puzzled question.
“With... Suimei Yakagi?”
“Correct. It seems that he came in contact with the culprit of the

incident. He said that he ran into them coincidentally while investigating.”
“Colonel, do you think... he is the culprit?”
“I do not believe he is. I am just curious.”
“...Fully understood, Colonel.”
Acknowledging Rogue’s order, Liliana followed after him as he barged
into the investigation of the military police.
