The Empire apparently handled its military differently than other
countries. Someone at the level of a company officer seemed to be treated
like she was of fairly high social standing. She had an oddly modern aura,
but setting that aside, based on her looks, she was about twelve or thirteen,
maybe slightly older. Being in the military at that age was incredibly
unusual. It would make her a child soldier.
It seemed she noticed that Suimei was staring at her, and she turned a
sleepy yet reproachful eye on him.


“Never seen... a soldier before?”
“No, that’s not exactly it...”
While Suimei was about to apologize, Lefille said exactly what he was
thinking in his stead.
“It’s just that we thought you were awfully young to be one.”
It seemed something in the way she worded it touched a nerve, and the
girl looked over to Lefille with a sullen expression.
“I don’t want to hear that... from a child smaller than me.”
“What?! I’m not a small child!”
Suimei let out a grand sigh. Of course it came back to this. Lefille was
right back at it with the slightest provocation. As Suimei was contemplating
how he could get Lefille to stop overreacting, the two girls were already
squaring up.
“Would you like... to have a match?”
“Yeah, I’ll take you on.”
Seemingly intent on starting some kind of bout, the two girls stepped
towards each other. Surely they didn’t intend to start a fight right here and
now...
“Hey, wait a sec, Lefille.”
“Don’t try and stop me, Suimei-kun. I can’t back down from this battle.”
“Can’t back down? But it’s not... Huh?”
Lefille didn’t listen to Suimei. While keeping the other restrained with
their gaze, the two girls began circling around each other. They moved
slowly, but had their eyes fiercely locked so neither would miss a thing.
Eventually, perhaps having found a good opportunity, Lefille jumped
forward and sprang into action. The girl across from her also stepped forth
as if to match her. And just as Suimei thought they were going to collide,
they came to a sudden stop right in front of each other.
“...Hmph.”
“Tch...”
They were staring each other down, standing so close together that their
noses were practically touching. And then, without warning, they once more
leaped back and took their distance. They appeared to be back to square one
now, but this time they were eyeing each other from the side.
Just what the hell are they doing?
That was all Suimei could frankly wonder as he looked at the two of

them dubiously. Lefille and the girl, as if competing in some form, stood
pin straight as they looked down their noses at each other. This was a
confrontation, surely, but nothing like a fistfight. It almost looked as though
they were deciding superiority based on height. Suimei cocked his head to
the side along with the other men in the room who were trying to figure out
the same thing. The two girls went face to face once more, lined up side by
side, and then folded their arms under their chests. They were performing
the same senseless gestures over and over again.
Before long, having finally arrived at the answer, Suimei let out an
exasperated sigh.
Oh, they’re competing by comparing their breasts...
That was likely the short of it. Both of them looking like they were at
the age where their assets had only just started to develop, neither one had
anything going for them in that regard, but it was the only explanation that
seemed to make any meaning out of their actions. Suimei couldn’t help
thinking it was a strange thing to compete over, though.
What made them decide to back off? Advance? Any of it? That was all
completely incomprehensible to him. Did they think that the spirit and vigor
they put into this would count as a plus in their favor when it came to size?
As Suimei casually watched their little match, it seemed that the current
Lefille was a little smaller compared to the girl.
The girl seemed to reach that conclusion too, and with a smile that was
smug and self-satisfied rather than triumphant, she declared her victory.
“How’s that...? I am more... ladylike... than you.”
“Grr, to lose in size to a little girl...”
Lefille frustratedly conceded that much, but the girl continued to beat a
dead horse.
“No. With this, you have no right... to call me a little girl. You can
address me... as your older sister.”
“N-Never! If I were just in my original form, then...!”
Lefille was screaming that she hadn’t yet lost, and it was quite
unsportsmanlike of her. In her normal form, she had a chest ample enough
that anyone would take notice of it, but bringing that up now was pointless.
Hearing her choice of words, however, the girl raised an eyebrow.
“...Original form? Ah.”
She didn’t have to puzzle over it long before arriving at an answer.

“You.”
“Wh-What?
“You should get your head... out of your dreams. It’s often said that
children your age... can’t differentiate reality from imagination, but if you
insist... on living in some fantasy, you’ll end up... regretting it one day, you
know?”
“Bwuh?!”
Did she mean to say Lefille had chuunibyou? Certainly if someone
didn’t know any better, hearing Lefille talk so brazenly about her “original
form” might lead them to that conclusion. But this girl’s words stabbed at
Lefille like a knife. She staggered as she turned away and stumbled over
towards a bench in the room on unsteady legs.
“Lefille?”
“Suimei-kun... Could you just give me a minute?”
“Yeah, I get it.”
“Don’t try and comfort me. It only makes me feel more pathetic.”
Suimei’s smile stiffened up. Meanwhile, Lefille plopped down on the
bench, grasped her knees, and buried her face in her lap without moving. A
profound darkness, far darker than the aura wielded by the demons,
surrounded her. It had been nothing but one insult after another today.
The other girl then took a few steps towards Suimei.
“You do not appear... to be one of this nation’s people. Where... did you
come from, foreigner?”
“Uh, I’m from the East. And that girl, Lefille, is the daughter of an
acquaintance of mine.”
“The East, you say...? You don’t mean Astel... but further east than that,
right?”
“Well, yeah.”
She was speaking to and looking at him as if cross-examining him. She
seemed to be mentally going through all the various peoples in and around
Astel to try and determine where he’d come from, but she had a strange
reaction to Suimei’s answer.
“As... expected.”
She muttered to herself with her eye closed, then opened it and turned a
gaze as sharp as a falcon’s on Suimei.
“Hey now...”

“S-Second Lieutenant!”
Suimei let out a low, reproachful voice right back at her, and the young
clerk in the room sounded quite alarmed. When Suimei declared that he
came from a country outside of Nelferia’s alliance, the young soldier
apparently came to the conclusion he might be a spy. And when he started
to feel hostility and mana coming from her, his sense of danger only
multiplied.
“What did you... come here for?”
“I don’t see any reason I should have to answer that.”
When Suimei replied curtly, the girl unleashed even more of her mana.
If she were confronting any normal human, it wouldn’t have been unusual if
they’d fainted in her presence now.
“S-Second Lieutenant! P-Please calm—Eek!”
“...You’re in the way.”
With that, the girl scowled at the clerk and turned her mana on him.
Feeling the pressure, he instinctively backed up and bumped into a desk.
They were supposed to be on the same side, so just why was this girl
throwing around her hostility so indiscriminately? Even the members of the
military police present had stiffened up and made no move to oppose her.
The crestfallen Lefille lifted her head when she picked up on the tense
atmosphere and came running over.
“What’s going on all of a sudden?”
“This has nothing... to do with children. Just go back over there... and be
quiet.”
“You want me to just sit by and watch while you throw around that kind
of dangerous aura?”
“That’s right. This is... what needs to be done... with the one liable to
bring harm to the Em—”
“What are you talking about?”
Lefille coldly cut her off, throwing a sharp gaze and sharp words at her.
No one would have known she was sulking from her previous defeat just
moments ago.
“Who gets that hostile with someone who’s just following the rules and
legally trying to enter the country? To treat people like this without just
cause... Is the imperial army here really that uncouth?”
“What... did you just say?”

“What happened to the army that was extolled for its strictness of
integrity above all other nations? And what about the main principles of the
imperial doctrine, article twelve, clause three? Could you say that your
actions right now are properly upholding that doctrine?”
In response to Lefille’s statement, the girl’s expression became
extremely bitter. What Lefille had just referenced seemed to be a regulation
of the imperial army. Called out on that front, the girl directed a stare at
Lefille that was as sharp as any rapier, and then decided to back down in
honor of said regulation.
“Very well. I... will relent.”
Pausing for a moment there, she once more turned towards Suimei, and
threw him a frosty look too.
“However, this is the Empire. Do make sure... you don’t try anything
funny.”
And in response to her frigid tone, Suimei replied in a slightly joking
manner.
“And what if I say I will?”
“I’d kill you.”
She spoke with no hesitation at all, and her voice was icy cold. Those
must have been words she was quite familiar with. Though it may have just
been an attempt to provoke him, Suimei wondered if she’d really go that far
over him merely saying something. If this were Japan, this girl would be
just about the age she was entering middle school. To hear such a young girl
say something so threatening, Suimei was left with incredibly mixed
feelings.
Naturally, he understood that part of that was because of his mindset as a
modern man. He had certain expectations for children, especially coming
from a largely peaceful country. But when civilizations differed, so did their
ethics and morals. It wasn’t that unrealistic that the age of enlistment was
much lower in a medieval world like this. It just made the difference
between this society and the one he knew all the more striking. But for
Suimei to show pity for a child soldier here was in a sense, culturally
insensitive, if not just plain rude and condescending. Of course, it wasn’t
like he approved of the child soldiers, either. He was conflicted. For a
moment, he nearly replied to her with pity in his eyes, but he promptly
stopped himself and kept up with the joking tone.

“Oooh, what a scary little girl.”
“Little girl? It was one thing... coming from that child, but from an adult
like you who should have more discretion... It’s slander. I’ll take you... to
the imperial military court.”
In response to Suimei’s mocking behavior, the girl made a sullen face
