Suimei tried to pull Liliana away, the darkness surging forth assaulted his
body.
“Gah, ah... Ah... You damn—!”
Mustering all his power with sheer willpower, Suimei’s hand reached
Liliana and grabbed her. And using that momentum to forcefully throw her
to the side, he tossed her out of the vortex of curses. Liliana rolled across
the ground, and Suimei collapsed. Realizing what was going on, Liliana got
up dumbfounded and approached Suimei.
“Suimei Yakagi...?”
“You idiot... No matter how you put it, you were gonna die there...”
After adding on a few choice curse words, Suimei began gasping, but
still showed her a laughing face. Seeing him like this, Liliana realized her
own foolishness and fell to her knees helplessly.
“I’m... sorry...”
“Seriously... I’m begging you, just calm down and keep still...”
Saying that, Suimei glossed it over with a pale smile that told her to just
relax. Now that Liliana wasn’t being consumed by the darkness, she could
relax. He took a breath and quietly got up, but things wouldn’t end so
easily.
“What—”
“Huh?”
The world suddenly shook. It was a huge quake that seemed to combine
both vertical and horizontal shaking, but even as he ran his gaze over the
surroundings, nothing was moving despite all the shaking. The trees, the
fallen pebbles, everything was all quietly settled where it was sitting. That
meant this was no normal earthquake. It was...
Manafield vibration...
“Tch... Did too much malice accumulate?”
Watching the world that wouldn’t stop shaking, Suimei spat a curse.
Presently, the townscape in this other world was being shaken, a side effect
of a normally impossible phenomenon occurring, or a power that far
overstepped its boundaries taking shape. The malice that spilled forth using
Liliana as a relay had swelled up beyond the limits of what a single space

could withstand. If it was that serious, it was likely that the coagulated
malice would gain directionality and take on a form.
Before long, just as Suimei predicted, things were converging both
visually and audibly in that extreme direction. The haze made up of malice
gradually projected a darkness tinged with a dark purple different from the
deep hues of the night sky as it lurked in the air. The silhouette, which still
had not taken a clear shape, let out a shrill voice of sorrow, and a deep and
heavy voice of envy. It planted a discomfort that could never be forgotten in
the minds of all who heard it, and sent a bitter chill running down their
spines.
“Th-That’s...”
“It’s manifesting. Step back...”
The space where it was about to manifest billowed out lightning. It was
a portent that happened from time to time. And without any pause, the
malice took on a shape and became concrete.
What swooped down on them then was a repulsive figure. With no
texture, its body was a pitch black silhouette that was far too smooth. It had
limbs hanging down from it as if its skeleton had been removed. A crude,
slimy substance covered its surface. Embedded in the right side of what
appeared to be its head was a single blood-colored light that imitated an
eyeball. This mold that looked like a personification of the ugliness of
humanity was like an artlessly drawn picture. But there was perhaps no
better design for a creature such as this.
“A-Aah...”
“Don’t lend your ear to its voice. You’ll get pulled in.”
Being struck by the unpleasant feelings caused by its far too repulsive
wail, Liliana’s body trembled. Since she was the one who evoked it, it was
easy for her to be influenced by it. Knowing that, Suimei clasped his hand
on her shoulder. He held back her mind and body that were being called
over.
The sinful figure moved. The bricks it touched with what appeared to be
its feet all blackened. As it drew closer, the air became tainted with malice.
Just from taking a single step forward, the influence wrought by this
creature was unfathomable. And witnessing that, Liliana raised a distressed
voice.
“W-We have to run... That’s... We can’t...”

What was being stirred up fiercely within her was dread. Any normal
person would die of fright to stand before such a creature. Because she had
an admiration and understanding of magic, she could truly appreciate the
situation she was in and what she was facing.
“What good will running away do? This thing can’t be left at large.”
“But, it’s impossible... How would you suggest we even get rid of it?
Besides, with your body like that...”
“When you say something’s impossible, I’m just the kind of guy who
wants to give it a try.”
And as Suimei daringly stated that, as if trying to unravel human speech,
the creature shrieked.
Its repulsive voice that rang out through the residential area became a
shock wave and assaulted their bodies. Obstructed by the wall of malice,
the sound didn’t leak outside of the darkness, but someone would
eventually sense the unusual phenomenon. The terrible creature strode
forth. Both its voice and appearance were enough to drive living beings
mad. The city would become a living hellscape if it got on the loose. That
had to be avoided at all costs.
The sinful figure leaped forward. Its movements were unlike that of a
human running on two legs and more like those of an animal running on all
fours. It was like it was striking the ground with all its strength as it leaped,
and reacting to its strange movements, Suimei gently lifted Liliana in the air
with magicka and moved her over to a hedge.
Then, matching the leaping figure, Suimei jumped back. It would be bad
if he was hit. No matter what it touched, be it the bricks it landed on or the
walls it struck, it was clear what would happen. With each bounding step,
the shadow closed in like it was spreading out. Firing strike magicka at it,
once, twice, three, and then four times... It was completely unperturbed by
the snapping of Suimei’s fingers, and he was forced to leap to the side to get
away.
Contrary to expectation, the terrible creature didn’t give chase. It was
beyond the concept of a proper fight. It wasn’t like it was rushing at Suimei
in the first place. It was just running amok. It was just digging its claws into
reality. It just wanted to increase the same kind of misfortune it represented.
No matter where it went, it was pure malice, plain and simple.
The figure then artlessly swept its giant, black, gummy-like arm. The

end of that cylindrical limb that couldn’t really be called a hand gave birth
to wind, and as it formed a gale with both arms, one could see the
destructive power it possessed as the walls and bricks on the ground
crumbled to pieces.
As Suimei put up both his arms to protect himself, he analyzed the
situation through the gap in his arms while enduring the shock waves and
flying pebbles. When the figure before his eyes stopped swinging around its
arms, Suimei unleashed lightning from his fingertips with his hand shaped
like a blade. Quietly muttering “Abreq ad Habra” and unleashing his pale
spearhead of magicka, it collided against the sinful figure and dispersed. All
it did was cause a single spasm. Because it was impromptu, its effect was
diluted. The terrible creature then immediately regained its footing, but
remained where it was while lettings its limbs just dangle loosely.
“Look. It’s certain that thing is made by uniting all forms of malice.
However, since it’s a mix of all kinds of malice and emotions, it can’t settle
on what it wants to do. That’s why its movements are so abnormal. There’s
no need to fear it more than necessary.”
“But...”
“Don’t be so fainthearted. If you’re entranced by it, then that in itself
will be the end.”
When one’s gaze was seized by that sinful figure, the latent dread within
them would be stirred up.
Yes, this was the fetters of sin that bound the hearts of men. It prowled,
looking for any openings in those hearts. A filthy existence that all would
run from. It was something that existed beyond this plane. Something that
never should have been brought to this world. An evil influence.
The sinful figure was still clamoring in a grating voice. Liliana sealed
her ears as if pinning down her head, and was frantic to distract herself from
that voice as she shook her head. She finally looked like a girl her age. One
that should never be allowed to be eaten away by the worms of malice.
That’s why, no matter what state I’m in...
“I can’t back down.”
The sinful figure began moving again. Raising a high-pitched, shrill
scream like something was scratching sharp metal, it ran down as it tore up
the ground. It was a super charge attack like an incoming meteor.
Everything before it seemed frozen in time, and endless debris was kicked

up behind it. If Suimei were hit by it, he wouldn’t get off lightly. Using his
eyes sharpened with magicka, Suimei devoted himself entirely to evasion,
however...
“Gu... ugh...”
Pain ran through his whole body. It was from saving Liliana from going
berserk, but the malice that was eating away at his body chose the worst
time to scream out. And because of that pain, Suimei lost his chance to
evade. He felt like he blacked out for a few seconds. By the time he
regained his senses, the monster was practically upon him.
“Then it’s fine if I don’t dodge...”
What he etched with his right hand shaped as a blade was a Thelema
Hexagram. The sweat on his cheeks dripped to the ground. And in the face
of that unending anguish, he bared his fangs. Liliana was screaming
something, but right now, Suimei couldn’t hear her. He had steeled his
mind. He was determined to destroy this embodiment of malice. He
continued to stabilize the mana at his fingertips. Right now, it was
nighttime. He couldn’t use the Bless Blade. The Azure Engraved Beheading
would also be impossible to manifest. He had to select the right magicka.
As he did, silence loomed. Eventually all noise seemed to stop, and within
that stretched-out few seconds, there was only Suimei and his opponent.
Wind brushed his cheek.
“Don’t just fucking graze me.”
All that was left after he unintentionally spat out those words was the
sinful figure running past him, and Suimei with his blade-like hand stuck
out as though he’d pierced through the hexagram. It even slowed down, but
the terrible creature fell, tumbled across the brickwork sidewalk, broke
apart, and dissipated into the darkness of the sky.
The one to attain victory as they crossed within a hair’s breadth was
Yakagi Suimei.
And as the sinful figure vanished, the heavy air sweeping over the
surroundings dispersed. In that moment, the fatigue from the battle and the
pain from the malice eating away at his body suddenly assaulted Suimei.
Suppressing that feeling as best he could, he approached Liliana and sat
down.
“It’s over.”
Perhaps Liliana was unable to believe what happened before her very

eyes. They were wide open in surprise, and she looked between Suimei and
the place where the terrible creature had vanished.
“Tell me your story... Why are you doing these things...?”
“Th-That’s... The nobles are trying to cause harm to the Colonel. That’s
why... that person suggested...”
“That person? That other guy who was with you...?”
Leaving the effect of the malice to run its course, Suimei did his best to
put those words together. He could then hear the sound of the military
police signal whistles in the distance. When the sinful figure manifested, it
transformed the surrounding area into a spirit world, so it wasn’t like they
would have heard the uproar that happened here. So why...
Surprised by the footsteps and angry voices that were drawing nearer,
Liliana’s shoulders jumped up. And before long, with Elliot in the lead,
Christa and a group of military policemen appeared.
“This way!”
Elliot’s beautiful, gender-neutral voice rang out. He surveyed the area
immediately upon arriving, and beheld the collapsed figured of Suimei with
Liliana with a bewildered expression.
