Rajas let out a tremendously loud shout that threatened to deafen all who
heard it, yet Hadorious remained silent as he confronted him. And while
evading the fist that came down like a cannonball, Hadorious trifled with
Rajas. The way he was conducting himself was forceful and clever, to the
point that any observer would question his age. And when he found an
opening, Hadorious drove his sword unerringly into the large wound on
Rajas’s chest.
“G-Guh!”

“Hmph...”
Having his wound so gouged, Rajas grimaced slightly. Seeing him do
so, however, Hadorious didn’t seem all that amused. Scoffing at him like it
was boring, Hadorious only looked down on him with a dismissive glance
that suggested it was useless to challenge him. To be able to cut into such a
robust demon like that, he must have been considerably strong.
“Tch! A mere human—”
Rajas flung his arm grandly to the side as if swatting away a fly.
However, Hadorious lithely leaped back and safely evaded the blow while
distancing himself from Rajas.
“Move.”
A stern voice called out to Hadorious. Surprisingly, the one to make a
move as he backed off was Graziella. Had she just remained quiet until now
so she could wait for a good opportunity? While dashing across the earth,
she wove together a magic spell.
“Oh Earth! Thou art the crystallization of my tyranny! Take hold of
unyielding power and smash my foes to pieces! Become a monument that
shall extol glorious death! Crystal Raid!”
Firing both her chant and keyword at Rajas, Graziella bashed the earth at
her feet. In an instant, the ground around her was smashed to pieces as if a
localized earthquake had occurred, and a countless number of rocks
protruded upwards. It was as if quartz or gypsum shot out of the ground,
and immediately following Rajas’s grand swing at Hadorious, all of the
giant, elongated rocks rushed at the demon.
It was magic that sharpened the peaks of the rocks into points,
accelerated them like cannonballs, and granted them hardiness and heft.
And just as the stones were about to slam into Rajas, the split second before
they could, a black aura coiled around Rajas’s body as if adhering to it.
The demon general was buried under the multitude of rock pillars. But it
only lasted a few moments. He punched and tore through them, shattering
them all. Rajas remained as he was, apparently not any worse for wear.
“My, for it to be ineffective.”
Was that black aura that he draped around himself Rajas’s defensive
technique? After the aura was dispersed, there were no signs of any new
wounds on his massive frame. The spell Graziella had cast was above the
intermediate level, so for such powerful magic to have no effect whatsoever

demonstrated the abnormality of his resilience. Graziella was surprised, but
she didn’t show the tiniest amount of panic. And just then...
“OOOOOOOOH!”
Rajas let out a war cry. It was like he was trying to forcefully pull power
from the depths of his body, a roar which seemed to chip away at his own
life. And before long, a black energy began swelling in Rajas’s right hand. It
exploded as it swallowed everything in the area. A shock wave of black
energy was closing in like the surging sea.
Crap...!
Eyeing the distance between himself and Rajas, Reiji was left with a
bitter taste in his mouth. The ten meters between them was far too close.
He’d be seriously wounded or worse at this range, but Reiji’s body was still
numb. He couldn’t move. His defensive magic wouldn’t make it in time
either.
A sensation like the cold chill of going pale mixed with the burning heat
of impatience assaulted his numb arm. Just as he clenched his jaw and
prepared to take the hit with no defenses up whatsoever, Reiji’s body was
swept away by something.
“Reiji-sama! Thank goodness!”
“What? Tia...?”
The voice that called out to him was coming from incredibly nearby. He
then realized that in the blink of an eye, the scenery around him had
changed. The voice was Titania’s, and she appeared to be holding on to him.
Reiji organized his thoughts based on the information he had. While he
was immobile, did she sweep him away out of the attack’s range? Looking
once more, he tried to gauge the distance between himself and Rajas. Did
she use magic? They’d escaped by a hair’s breadth.
“Fuck... For my full power to only do this much, just what the hell was
that lightning...?”
Rajas was gasping for breath. Seemingly unable to stop the wheezing in
his lungs, the voice coming out of him was somewhat hoarse. He used it to
curse something, but it was unclear what. Rather than bitter, it sounded like
he was annoyed, and rather than yield to the pain in his body, his anger took
precedence.
Next, Reiji could sense mana in the surroundings swelling up. Following
that, the presence of magic expanded, and the mages in the area all fired at

once. Rajas was immediately engulfed by spells of various magics. He was
hit with flames, lightning, and other attributes that would not negate each
other when used together. And because so many powerful mages fired at
once, their total destructive power surpassed that of Graziella’s magic.
However, even so, Rajas was still going strong. The spells hardly fazed
him. Seeing this unfold before her very eyes, Titania raised a frightened
voice.
“What a tenacious demon...”
Just how strong was his body? After all this, the only one who’d been
able to deal him any damage was Hadorious. Yet even now, Rajas was
groaning in pain. He’d likely been fighting with a fatal wound from the
outset. Reiji could only see him as getting closer and closer to death.
“Do not falter! Continue firing magic!”
The soldiers all rallied at Hadorious’s command.
★
“Everyone...”
While Reiji and the others were fighting with Rajas, the only one left to
grit her teeth on the sidelines was Mizuki.
Before a demon that was so powerful it shattered the earth, Reiji,
Titania, the noble who ensnared Suimei, and even the imperial princess who
suddenly appeared were all fighting. Mizuki was the only one who’d
retreated to be protected by a knight. All she could do was watch as the
battle unfolded. That was the reality of the situation. While clinging to the
knight’s back, she could only huddle up in fear. And to her, that was more
bitter than anything else.
Even though her friend was risking his life, she was frozen in place.
That tortured her heart. Back when she was in danger, both Reiji and
Suimei came to save her. Though it was something that had happened in
their own world, it only added to her pangs of conscience and weighed on
her heart more.
And despite that, I’m not doing anything...
When she heard Suimei was in danger, she couldn’t move and only
trembled. And now that Reiji and the others were engaged in a difficult
battle, she simply clung to Luka’s back. She was just waiting for it to be

over.
Would she be like this forever? Even though she wanted to be helpful to
her friend, to the person who was important to her, would she forever be
helpless? Forever need to be protected? Right now, even though that boy
was pushed into a hard fight with that large demon right in front of her, was
she really going to continue to sit there and do nothing? Such thoughts
within her only grew more and more turbulent.
No... I can’t... I can’t be like that...
It would be denying her own words and abandoning her responsibility.
Moreover, it meant she’d be willingly giving up her place next to Reiji.
The girl who’d followed along with them, Astel’s Princess Titania,
firmly stood on the battlefield. Not just for herself, but also for Mizuki and
countless people whose faces she didn’t even know. And even though she
was fighting for all of them...
Is there something...? Something that I can do...?
That’s why she had to do something. She knew she had to. If she
continued to do nothing as she was, she would indeed stay this way forever.
She would just be helpless. Someone that no one needed. The rights and
wrongs of her saying she wanted to be of use didn’t matter. She just tried to
think about what she could do with her own strength.
So... what was it that she could do? It had to be magic. The only thing
that she’d learned ever since coming to this world was magic. It was the
only thing she had to put to use on the battlefield. But knowing magic alone
wouldn’t do it. She needed something that surpassed Graziella’s magic.
Something more powerful. Otherwise she wouldn’t be able to defeat that
enormous demon.
The magic that I can use is...
“Oh icy hell that brings demise to all fire’s breath...”
“Ah...”
It suddenly dawned on her. A clear image and words. A voice she’d
never heard before rang in her head, and transformed her intuition into
conviction. This magic could defeat him. She wondered why it had
happened now, but deep down, she also knew why. Previously, Titania and
Felmenia had said that sometimes magic would come into someone’s head
out of nowhere. When Reiji first used magic, he’d said something similar
happened. Then this was likely what they were talking about.

That meant there was no reason that she shouldn’t be able to put it to
use. All that was left was summoning the courage to actually do it. And
before she knew it, she’d leaped off Luka’s horse.
“M-Mizuki-dono?! Y-You can’t!”
“Mizuki?!”
Reiji and Luka realized that she was walking into danger and called out
to try and stop her. But even then, there was no way that she would. For her
own sake, for the sake of being beside him, and for the sake of her other
friend, she walked forward. Right in the middle of the battlefield. She
looked at Rajas’s back. Since he was facing off against the soldiers, he
hadn’t noticed her. At this rate, she could get him completely defenseless...
“What is this...? You damned little girl.”
“U-Uh, ah...”
Before she could fire, Rajas turned around. When he fixed his gaze on
her, some cold sensation froze her body. She was no longer able to move
even a single finger. Was everyone on the battlefield dealing with this? Just
how did they fight against it? How could they muster any resistance to this
that wasn’t utterly in vain?
“What are you doing?! Mizuki, fall back!”
“Hmph, so a mere stupid little girl nonchalantly dares to present herself
to me, huh?”
Titania and Rajas’s voices scattered within her head and ran rampant.
She couldn’t even tell what they’d said. All she could focus on was Rajas’s
enormous arm. Just by being lightly touched with that, her body would
likely be smashed to pieces. The thought of being hit with that battering ram
of an arm and what it would do to her filled her entire brain to capacity. She
couldn’t move.
It was no good after all. With all she’d felt, she couldn’t muster up the
courage now when it mattered most.
“A hindrance.”
What came down on her were cold words with no consideration.
Unpleasant words. The same cruel arrogance someone would treat a pest
with.
“Stay... back...”
All she could barely get out was a tiny squeak. He couldn’t hear it, and
even if he had, he wouldn’t have listened. At this rate—

“G-GUAAAAAAAAAAAH!”
While Mizuki was trembling before his oppressive aura, Rajas took a
single step forward and suddenly began screaming in pain. His anguished
cry seemed like it could pierce the heavens. He writhed, grabbing at his
chest... Or was it more than that? It was as if something was rampaging
within his body. And eventually, from the open portions of Rajas’s wound,
blue lightning sprouted out, undulating like snakes.
“Urgh, ah—GAAAH! Do you still... still intend on tormenting me, you
