“That is precisely the case. And it is exactly for this reason that Duke
Hadorious is someone that you cannot be careless around. After using
Suimei as a decoy, and without even apologizing to his good friend Reiji-
sama, he’d then make use of you as political tools against the Empire... He
even possessed the cunning to hatch a quick plan to keep Princess Graziella
in check.”
Titania paused for a moment and sighed, but then reiterated her warning.
“I will be repeating myself again and again, but do make sure never to
be negligent around him.”
She was supremely wary of the duke. She said it was a combination of
the impressions she’d gotten from her interactions with him, as well as her
intuition. Reiji thought it was because she hated him, and certainly that
played a part in it, but her reasons likely outweighed that. Pondering such
things, Reiji posed the princess a question.
“Hey, Tia, what do you think of using Suimei and the others as a decoy?
Leaving out the fact that you are Suimei’s friend as well as ours. In the end,
as a princess of the Kingdom of Astel...”
“Certainly, my thoughts on the matter are complicated. When
considering the harm a demon army could wreak on the populace, if such
an act was necessary, then it was necessary.”
As though that was the prelude to something greater, Titania suddenly
bowed her head down deeply. The gesture came as a surprise, and both

Reiji and Mizuki raised their voices in bewilderment. What left Titania’s
mouth next was an apology.
“My apologies, Reiji-sama, Mizuki. After hearing of it, I thought that,
objectively speaking, it was the right hand to play.”
“No, it’s fine. In your position, thinking that way is understandable.
Right? Mizuki?”
“Yeah...”
Reiji looked to Mizuki for agreement, but the sad way she averted her
eyes conveyed her uncertainty. Suimei was the first good friend she’d ever
had. It wasn’t like they were lovers, but she thought of him frequently and
cared a great deal for him. Once more looking out the window, her thoughts
turned to him.
“Suimei-kun... In the end, we never found him.”
“It’s alright. It’s Suimei we’re talking about. I’m sure he’s safe.”
“’Cause he’s shrewd?”
“Yeah. Sensei said so too, remember?”
Reiji recalled Felmenia’s words.
“Regarding Suimei-dono, he is surely safe.”
She’d given them that sign of hope before she parted ways with the
group. It seemed that she truly understood their worries.
“I did not believe White Flame-dono’s words to be a mere consolation.
It’s likely she has somehow or other gained insight into the situation in her
own way. It’s not impossible that she caught hold of his tracks herself.”
“Caught hold of his tracks how?”
“That is to say, as one would expect, with magic. White Flame-dono is
known throughout the land as a genius mage who is capable of creating
unprecedented original magic, after all.”
“Ah...”
Hearing Titania say that, Mizuki recalled Felmenia’s reputation as a
court mage. And following after her, Reiji clapped his hands together,
encouraged. Not moments later, a reserved knock and a reserved voice
came from the other side of the door. It was Roffrey.
“Excuse me, Reiji-sama, is now a good time?”
“Roffrey? Yeah, come on in.”
“Pardon my intr... Your Highness! M-My sincerest apologies!”
After opening the door and looking in the room, Roffrey looked

flustered as though he’d entered a place he shouldn’t have. He bowed his
head in a panic. It seemed that he thought that Reiji and Titania were alone
together, and had gotten the wrong idea. Guessing at the misunderstanding,
Titania let out a small sigh and reassured him.
“It’s quite fine. Besides, Mizuki is also here.”
“Huh? Ah, so she is...”
Roffery’s expression went blank. He looked absentminded, or what one
would call vulnerable on the battlefield. Considering the previous tension in
the room, it was unexpectedly refreshing. Mizuki turned to him with a
smirk.
“Heeey, Roffrey-san, just what kinda stuff were you thinking about, I
wonder?”
“What?! N-No! I was not particularly thinking of anything strange!”
“I never said a word about anything strange, though...”
“I... wuh, I, uh, uh, uh...”
Realizing he was tripping all over himself, Roffrey could only panic as
he moved about in a fluster. Taking pity on him, Reiji called out to Mizuki.
She then smiled as if to say she’d only been kidding, and relented. It didn’t
need to be said that she looked rather impishly pleased with herself.
Assuming that Roffrey had come by for a reason, Reiji then moved to get
down to business.
“So, Roffrey, what’s going on?”
“I came to inform you that a messenger has arrived from Duke
Hadorious.”
★
Having suddenly received an invitation from Hadorious, Reiji followed
the messenger who was waiting in front of the inn, and was escorted to the
duke’s estate. And now, with quite a stiff expression on his face, he stood in
front of Hadorious’s private room.
Reiji could hear the sound of a musical instrument. It was likely a
performer playing music somewhere in the mansion. It resounded through
the walls and the air, and the softly muffled melody calmed his heart with
its gentleness. Listening to it, Reiji once more readied himself for his
audience with the owner of the room in front of him.

Before leaving the inn, Titania had warned him to be careful, and
Mizuki had expressed her concern. The other party was Hadorious, after all.
They had also said that Reiji didn’t have to respond to the duke’s invitation,
but Reiji had his own thoughts on the matter.
Indeed, he knew that there was some ulterior motive behind this
meeting. Just as Titania said, he was a man that couldn’t be fully trusted. He
had no real evidence to think that the duke was up to something, yet he had
an unshakable premonition of it. From now on, it was very likely that he
would confront Hadorious many times over. Thus, Reiji couldn’t just say
that he didn’t want to meet him. After all, it would be better for him to
probe the disposition of the man named Lucas de Hadorious at an earlier
stage than a later one.
And to that end, Reiji once more steeled his resolve and knocked on the
door. Following Hadorious’s voice asking who was knocking, Reiji
identified himself. The duke curtly told him to enter.
Reiji politely announced himself as he opened the door, and a space like
a luxuriously laid out parlor spread out before his eyes. Taking a step
forward into the room, he offered a brief greeting, and then began a
businesslike exchange with Hadorious, who was seated elegantly upon the
couch.
“Hero-dono, are you not going to sit?”
“In my country, it’s customary for a guest to take a seat only after it is
encouraged by the owner of the room, so I am somewhat hesitant to do so
of my own accord, you see.”
Reiji replied with a slightly sharp tone, and he couldn’t really tell
whether Hadorious minded or not. The duke then offered a bit of admiration
for his manners.
“My... The country that Hero-dono is from honors etiquette quite
considerably, I see. Then, must I also encourage you in this regard?”
Following Hadorious’s gaze, Reiji spied a glass on top of the table with
liquid in it a similar tint to his own reddish hair.
“Is this wine?”
“Yes, a sweetened one. The taste isn’t bad.”
Even so...
“I appreciate the consideration, but...”
“Does Hero-dono not drink wine?”

“In the country I am from, it’s forbidden for people my age who haven’t
reached adulthood yet to partake of alcohol... Anything with spirits or wine
in it, so I will have to refrain here.”
Reiji gave a taciturn reply, but Hadorious took a sip from the glass and
questioned him further.
“Hmph, so why is there that sort of law?”
“Until humans exceed roughly twenty years in age, their capability of
digesting wine and spirits is rather low. Such drinks have a negative effect
on the body itself, especially in regards to those who have yet to reach
adulthood, so it is prohibited by the country.”
As he explained it, Hadorious shifted his gaze over to the contents of the
glass.
“Even this drink we call the blood of the Goddess, hmm? Moreover, for
it to be prohibited by law... That is quite the strict decision, but... No, is it to
strive to nurture talented people?”
Hadorious admiringly muttered to no one in particular, and it looked as
though he had completely forgotten that Reiji was even there. Was he that
deep in thought? Seeing that Hadorious wasn’t moving in the least, Reiji
asked him a frank question.
“So, why did you call me here today?”
“It is nothing major. I just wanted to talk with the hero a little is all.”
“This isn’t quite the atmosphere of an enjoyable conversation, however.”
“Hmph, excuse me for that.”
Just what was there to excuse? He was shameless. Ever since Reiji
entered the room, the interior was filled to the brim with a tingling
atmospheric static. And when Reiji coldly pointed that out, as if saying he
was testing Reiji, Hadorious gave him a condescending smile and a brief
apology that didn’t feel the slightest bit sincere.
Reiji could sense a surplus of composure in the odds and ends of all
Hadorious’s actions. He was a force to be reckoned with. It was as if he was
saying he personally believed there was no reason to treat Reiji, the hero, in
any special manner. His plain gaze was concealing a glare, and after
scrutinizing every action Reiji made, he squinted as if taking pity on the
contents of his glass and posed Reiji a question.
“Hero-dono, why did you take on the subjugation of the Demon Lord?”
“To save the people of this world, but what of it?”

The reply Reiji gave was the same as what he’d said in the audience
chamber to Almadious. That hadn’t changed. However, as for Hadorious...
“The ones that you are trying to save are people with no relation to you
whatsoever, are they not? People you would reap no benefit from saving.
But even so, you’re saying you intend to do exactly that?”
“What exactly are you getting at, Your Grace?”
“Nothing major. I was just wondering what the source of Hero-dono’s
lofty way of thinking is.”
“...?”
Just what was this man looking for within Reiji by asking him that? His
question was incomprehensible, and Reiji was unable to surmise the
meaning behind the almost pitying gaze pointed at him. If it had been the
sharp, ambitious gaze of a falcon, then it would have been evident he was
looking for a weakness in Reiji. But no, Hadorious was speaking of ideals
and goals. What was the meaning of him prying into Reiji’s way of
thinking?
As Reiji looked at him with a perplexed gaze, Hadorious suddenly let
out a dry laugh as though he thought his own question had been
uninteresting.
“Well, fine. Let me ask you once more: what kind of place is the world
the hero hails from?”
“By ‘what kind,’ you mean...?”
“Let me see... Compare it to this world, for example. That’s what I’d like
to hear.”
Was it alright to just compare the two worlds like that? Reiji
remembered having a similar conversation in the royal castle with
Almadious and the others, but...
“Compared to this world, technology in our world has advanced much
further. This world may have magic, but in our world, you might say that
technology has developed beyond the point that such a thing is
unnecessary.”
