“Advancement, development... Is that it? What you said before about
wine... is it also to those ends?”
“Yes.”
Reiji replied honestly, and when he did, Hadorious suddenly stood up
and looked towards the window. He paused for a moment, and then spoke

again as he gazed outside.
“Hero-dono, what do you think of this world?”
“If I were to compare it to our world, there would be no end to it, but I
do believe this is a good world.”
“A good world, is it...?”
What came out of Hadorious’s mouth was a somehow discouraged
murmur. Reiji was uncertain what reason he had to ask such a question and
what he was thinking, but Hadorious only continued in his line of
questioning.
“Hero-dono, what is outside this window?”
Was this to urge him over to take a look? Reiji drew a little closer and
looked at the view from the third floor. He could see the streets and the city
going about its everyday business. The scene engulfed by twilight, he could
see the lamps sparsely laid out in Kurant City begin to flicker, along with
the houses and people they illuminated. In the distance, he could also see
the shining blue and green lamps characteristic of the recreational district.
“What about it?”
“This world you see has not changed at all in the last several hundred
years. Everyone sleeps and wakes up at a determined time, they do their
jobs, find love, bear children, and then die. Such a cycle continues when
there is no desire for development, and even as countries rise and fall from
conflict and diplomacy, the root consciousness of the people remains the
same. They’re stopped, never to advance.”
But that was all a preamble. Hadorious then made a cold declaration.
“This has always been the Goddess’s miniature garden.”
Was it a statement of sadness? Grief? It was certainly true a world’s
development of civilization and culture was the onus of the people who
lived there. It may be something that any and all desire, but forcing its
development was also wrong. At least, that’s what Reiji thought.
“For you who come from a developed world, do you still think that it’s
something good?”
“If the people can walk in peace, is that not its own way of life?
Unreasonable change also brings about conflict, and even over in our world,
the conflict between fellow humans is inextinguishable.”
“...”
Hadorious kept silent. Reiji himself fell into thought, and Hadorious

finally spoke once more.
“Though it is sudden, I would like to have you go to the Empire from
here.”
“What...?”
“The Empire—mainly Her Imperial Highness Graziella—has been
making bold movements. I would like you to keep that in check, and have
you reside in the Empire for a brief period.”
Hadorious made his desire known in no uncertain terms. The way he
spoke left no room for consent or refusal. It was a definite statement with
no regard for how Reiji felt.
“Is that demand something that I have to listen to no matter what, I
wonder?”
“Of course.”
“However, I have no obligation to do so. The foremost thing I’m to be
handling is the subjugation of the Demon Lord Nakshatra.”
“Certainly so. However, Hero-dono, let me ask you something... Did
you by chance come rushing over because Gregory talked?”
The moment he finished firing off those words, the intensity of the
atmosphere filling the room changed with an audible snap. Of course, that
was because Reiji’s own emotions went through the roof.
“Is that... a threat?”
“Hmph. If you want to think of it that way, I do not mind. However, it is
not like Gregory violated any military regulations or anything. Naturally,
there is no way to judge him accordingly. Thus, your suspicions are nothing
other than just that.”
“Tch! Are you really gonna say something like that after using my friend
as a decoy?!”
“That was nothing but casting aside the very few to save the many. It is
nothing major. You can just wait regarding news of your good friend. Our
investigations are progressing, after all. Whether or not he is alive, we will
eventually track him down. However, there are no reports as of yet.”
With that, Hadorious scoffed as if to say the affair was but a worthless
trifle.
“Though I doubt he is alive.”
“How dare you say that so shamelessly...”
Reiji’s anger had surpassed its boiling point, and even with the full

extent of that directed at him, Hadorious replied bluntly.
“What? All I did was speak of the possibility.”
“Don’t you at least feel any guilt towards Suimei?”
“If I said I did, would you feel gratified?”
“Tch!”
He couldn’t forgive that sarcastic question. Clenching his jaw so hard
his teeth creaked, Reiji glared at Hadorious as he let loose his wrath. He
hadn’t forgotten his place and was well aware he was being rude. It was just
that his anger won out over that. But even then, Hadorious spoke with an air
about him like he didn’t care at all.
“Suimei Yakagi, was it? He was simply unlucky. It’s just embarrassing
for you to get so angry with me over it.”
“You fu—!”
Reiji couldn’t stop at only throwing his anger out through his gaze, and
channeled it into his fist. He closed in from where he was being kept in
check and let a blow fly. He thought briefly just what kind of worries he’d
have if he struck Hadorious, but it wasn’t anything that would stop him
now. Reiji’s strike, however, was stopped by Hadorious with a single hand.
“Wha...?”
“Hmph...”
As if this was boring, Hadorious turned his gaze on Reiji.
This man...
Reiji wasn’t using his full strength. But even so, in this state where his
power was explosively elevated by the divine protection of the hero
summoning, for his lightning fast blow to be completely blocked without
the opponent even batting an eye was unexpected. Reiji shook his captured
fist violently to the side and jumped back. And with an expression like he’d
reached some sort of conclusion, Hadorious once more faced the window.
“You still require diligence, I see. At this rate, the Demon Lord is far out
of your reach. There is likely a need for you to accumulate all kinds of
experience and become stronger. By the way, about the matter in the
Empire...”
Reiji had no choice in the matter. If he didn’t go, Hadorious was
implying that something would happen to Gregory.
“...I’ll go. So don’t lay a hand on Gregory or his family. Also, about
Suimei...”

“I promise you that we will put our effort into the search. From the looks
of it, your friend might actually be worth something after all.”
“You’re...”
Still saying crap like that?
Though that was what Reiji wanted to say, he knew his arm was being
twisted and there was nothing he could do about it. It was frustrating, but
turning on his heels and silently leaving the room was the most he could do
to oppose Hadorious. And just as he grabbed the knob of the door...
“Hero-dono, there is one thing that I must tell you.”
“...What is it?”
“From now on, you will likely face off against many enemies, be they
humans or other races.”
Just why was he saying that? It couldn’t be...
“Are you trying to say that what I asked Rajas was foolish?”
“No, that was honestly a relief.”
“What...?”
Hadorious’s reply was completely out of the range of Reiji’s
expectations. He thought he was about to be presented with candid advice
in the form of a scolding about asking a demon why he fought.
“Hero-dono, this is a different place from the world you came from. It is
good to think for yourself about what is here, and have that reflect in your
actions. However, when it comes to fighting demons, there is no right and
wrong.”
“What do you mean?”
“It means they are simply that kind of being. They do not assault
humans and the other races for anything resembling a reason. Their very
existence itself is to fulfill the purpose of a grander existence, to bring all
humanity to ruin.”
“The purpose of a grander existence? Just what...”
“There is no need for you to know that as you are now. Thus, there is no
meaning to that question you asked.”
And with that, Hadorious brought what he said to a close. Was that a
warning, or was he remonstrating Reiji? Reiji couldn’t tell in the end.
“...Are you done yet?”
“Let us see, then just one more thing.”
Just what intention did he have to pile on more words here? While

gazing out the window, he fired out one more question while his expression
could not be seen.
“Hero-dono, at the end of this fighting, after everything is brought to an
end, what do you wish for?”
“Nothing really. I don’t need anything.”
“Status, honor, riches, women... You could have all your desires fulfilled
to your heart’s content, you know?”
“Cut the crap. I don’t know what kind of intentions you have in asking
me that, but I’m not fighting for any reason like that.”
“I see. Then that is the end of my questions. Until you depart for the
Empire, though it will be but for a short while, do get some rest.”
Without showing any courtesy to Hadorious, who was still facing the
window, Reiji left the room and headed back to the inn.
“The summoned hero, is it...?”
Hadorious watched Reiji walk along the street from the window with a
somewhat sorrowful gaze, and then looked up at the sky. Gazing up at the
melancholic expanse blackened by twilight, Hadorious posed a question to
the hero who was no longer present.
“Hero Reiji, what do you really think of this world? Can you truly say
that it’s good? This world where, because of the Goddess, all progress has
stopped? This rotten world without a future...”
★
The library... just wasn’t there.
In the imperial capital of Filas Philia, there was a scrupulously
controlled standing army that only moved under the command of the
emperor. It was considered the height of military art, both in and outside of
the Empire. Ordinarily, hearing a metropolis had a large standing army
made the place sound rather boorish, but that was not the case with Filas
Philia. It was a refined, scholarly city also known for its academics. It even
boasted of a grand library superior to the other nations’. It was said to have
a collection of books dating back to the founding of the nation, making it
the ideal place to do a little research.
Suimei asked about it before leaving his house... But no matter how
much he searched the city, he was absolutely unable to find any building

like it. At this rate, it might as well have been said that he never would.
“Huh...?”
It wasn’t like Suimei had no sense of direction. It was true that he’d
gotten lost in Royal Castle Camellia back in Astel once, but this was
different. The layout of the city known as Filas Philia was difficult to figure
out. The main roads weren’t a problem, but once he came to the branching
side streets, no matter how far or where he walked, there were nothing but
residential houses. And thanks to the labyrinthine arrangement of the
streets, he would always end up somewhere strange where there was no
option but to turn back. It was a difficult maze to escape.
Suddenly coming to a stop, Suimei looked around. To his side was a
