made an evasive maneuver in the air that appeared to defy all logic. Suimei
Yakagi landed safely, but the look on his face was a puzzled one.
“Hey, what’s with that technique?”
There was no way the shadow would reply to that question, but the
silver-haired woman behind him made known the true identity of the magic
that had just been used.
“Suimei-dono! That is magic of the darkness attribute! Not only that, but
it’s considerably powerful!”
“Darkness attribute...?”
It seemed that the man before the shadow’s eyes, Suimei Yakagi, had
never seen dark magic before this. He seemed skeptical at what he was even
hearing. It was clear he didn’t know the darkness attribute well, so this was
a good opportunity. But just as the shadow was thinking that, the young
man’s mouth began to move.
“Mea acies est facta invisibilis, sed est instar adamantinum acre, et
demergit meus inimicum in sanguis.”
[My blade is invisibly made, however with sharpness like steel, it
drowns my enemy in a pool of blood.]
At the same time a magic circle took form at his feet, a sound like
something was being cut reached the shadow’s eardrums. It was a different
sound than the metal staff whistling through the wind. No, the sound that
slipped into the darkness was like the sharp ring of a blade as it coldly cut
through the stillness of the night. This was some sort of sword in empty

space. However, no matter how much the shadow strained their eyes, they
couldn’t see it, which meant it hadn’t just slipped into the shades of the
evening. If it couldn’t be seen in the first place, the only option was to feel
it.
Immediately sharpening their senses, strengthening them, and casting
them like a net of threads into their surroundings, they dodged. They were
not movements to dodge a sword, but movements to evade incoming
arrows. As the first one passed by the shadow, the ground behind them was
scarred by a slash. And this repeated multiple times. However, while they
were in the middle of an extremely nimble dance, the young man began
chanting once more.
“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore.”
[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment.]
The spell that he was weaving was, as expected, something the shadow
had never heard before. In that case, they would respond in kind.
“Oh Darkness. Ye who deludes all and drives them mad, give form to
temptation. Guide all those far and wide who take hold of the blackened
snake to ruin. Hand of Frenzy.”
The spell they wove was a specially made magic. An original which
used the darkness attribute. By using its special characteristic, it would
destabilize an opponent’s spell and cause the phenomenon they were
bringing about to become uncertain. Magic that was made uncertain either
wouldn’t activate, would bring forth a different phenomenon, or would turn
on its user. And from any of those outcomes, if the opponent were to
anticipate it and make adjustments to try and correct it, the spell would
harm them directly. Or it was supposed to...
“Tch—Resonato! Repercussum qui flagitat discordia, convertit in
fluctuationem et in ventum dispareto!”
[Resonate! Take the echo which calls forth discord and disturbs the
peace, convert it to instability and vanish in the rumbling wind!]
Suimei Yakagi interrupted his original chant and cut in with an entirely
different one.
“Harmonies Aeolia!”
[Tuning wind!]
And as those words rode the wind, a change certainly occurred.
“Wha...?!”

The moment the darkness imitating a snake coiled around the magic
circle rose into the air, both the snake of darkness and the magic circle
turned into light and shattered to pieces. What was illuminated as the piece
of light scattered like confetti was the figure of the young man standing
there like nothing had happened.
He was safe, which meant he managed to defend against the dark spell
completely. But that was impossible. The thing known as magic, once
activated, was something the Elements themselves took control of. That
meant that there was a certain part of every spell that not even its caster
could control. The spell the shadow had used made use of that and used it
against their opponent... So if it didn’t work, did that mean the Elements
weren’t involved? Even if that was the case for argument’s sake, that meant
this man precisely controlled everything about the magic he used... In other
words, it was magic that didn’t require the Elements.
While the shadow was taken by surprise, Suimei Yakagi swung his
empty right hand to the side as if flinging away the surplus mana that was
left on his arm.
“Phenomenon Mixer.”
“...?”
“It’s the magickal law that you used just now. Though it’s true that you
didn’t use it perfectly... Good grief, despite not even knowing basic fucking
magicka theory, you sure got some nerve to do that crap...”
The way he was informing them of such like he was spitting out abuse
was likely his way of showing admiration. And following that, a chill
dominated the area. Did he now completely recognize the shadow as his
enemy? His eyes were sharp, and the pressure in the area grew. The shadow
had thought this back when he defeated the members of the Mage’s Guild,
but as expected, Suimei Yakagi was a considerable master.
He could activate high-level magic in a short amount of time, and even
steal the magic his opponent cast and had control of to use it as is own. His
true strength likely rivaled that of even the Elite Twelve. He may have even
surpassed them.
“Primum et secundum moenia, expansio localis.”
“—?!”
A golden magic circle rose up into the empty air as if it were a shield to
protect him. Suimei Yakagi then began moving. The shadow reacted to his

bold step forward and tried to retreat. But having read that move, he
accelerated at an impossible rate from his initial velocity and closed the
distance between them.
Close combat wasn’t the shadow’s specialty, so they wove a chant
together rapidly. Suimei Yakagi was about to snap his fingers, but perhaps
realizing something was up, he abruptly escaped from where he was.
His reaction was fast. While still in the construction stages of the spell,
he was able to devote himself to evasive action without any hesitation. Just
what kind of senses did he have to be able to do such a thing? That sort of
reaction was practically foresight.
And even as the shadow was thinking such things, they could see that he
was already taking countermeasures, too. A magic circle once more floated
into the air. However, it was not just one... or even of one variety.
A double chant? No, this was...
“Illustre carmen. Ad viginti transcribito. Invocato Augoeides!”
[Illustrious spell. Transcribe up until number twenty. Invoke Augoeides!]
“Ugh!”
Spears of light that were not of the light attribute came rushing in like a
sudden shower. Having allocated dense mana to the spell, did he then
change it into a means of attack? Not only that, he had prepared multiples
of the same thing, and then activated them all at once... Was he a monster?
The shadow just barely dodged the slanting rain of light. They dodged, and
had to counterattack.
Yes, they had to defeat these people in their way. For the sake of that
person. That’s why they felt nothing for their own safety. Even though they
judged that plunging in would be far too risky an act, once the shadow saw
that the cloud of dust kicked up from the shattered brick was clearing away,
they ran towards the young man as if to slip past him. However, he saw
through even that. Suimei Yakagi was right in front of them, his metal staff
transformed into the shape of a sword, before the shadow knew it.
Charging in just as they were nevertheless, the shadow was planning on
striking the tip of their ebony staff against the inside of the sword. Since the
shadow always watched that person’s sword techniques, they had
confidence they could handle this young man. There was not a single
person in the Empire who surpassed that person in swordplay, after all.
However, Suimei Yakagi’s sword was no ordinary sword.

As the staff struck and repelled the sword, unexpectedly, it didn’t leave
its owner’s control. As if drifting, it fluently drew out its trajectory. Using
the energy of the points of the two staffs the shadow pulled out to strike, the
sword in his hand performed one revolution as its sharp point drew a
shining circle in the air.
A magic circle. The light of the mana which rose up was a shining red. A
flame spell.
By the time the shadow realized it, the magic circle was complete, and
the blade pointed towards them reflected in their eyes. They could tell it
was aimed at their collarbone, and so managed to evade the thrust. But the
magic was a different story. In such a situation, there was no means of
defending against it. What could they do? The shadow could feel heat
coming from the magic circle. It was magic of the fire attribute. Right
behind light, it worked well against darkness, an attribute that boasted of
strong destructive power.
“Urgh!”
While bracing for the heat and pain to assault their body, the shadow
clenched their teeth and threw their body down on the brick sidewalk.
Using that momentum, they rolled across the ground without any regard for
their safety. But thanks to that, the flame only licked their robe, and they
had taken practically no damage.
The level of the impromptu magic was several levels below the one
from before, and though it was infantile, the shadow was saved by its light
body that could carry out a tight turn. The silver-haired woman then called
out to Suimei Yakagi.
“I shall cover you.”
“It’s fine. More importantly, I’m leaving that geezer and Lefi to you. Be
careful of changes in mana and phenomena in the surroundings. Stretch out
your domain to the sides so that it doesn’t stand out.”
“This is...”
The silver-haired woman looked around. And shortly thereafter, after a
quick blink, both her eyes shot wide open all of a sudden. What they had
perceived was surely none other than the black of a different nature than the
darkness brought by the night.
So Suimei Yakagi had noticed it? The black haze concealed by the
shades of the evening. As one would expect... Even though the shadow was

trying to sink them into the darkness while they were unaware, he was
mindful of it. But even though he was capable of stealing another’s magic,
it didn’t seem that he could interfere with magic of an unfamiliar attribute.
Dyed in the haze made by the dark magic, the moon could be mistaken for a
flawless black pearl. And the moment that the silver-haired woman returned
a nod to Suimei Yakagi, the shadow began weaving their spell.
“Oh Darkness. Thou shalt now creep out of the chaos from whence thou
hide. For the sake of demonstrating thine power. I will seek no retribution.
Nor shall I show anger. And thus—”
And what was added on to the chant there were the forbidden words to
enhance dark magic.
“Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron... Hateful Red
Retaliation.”
“Ex primo ad quartum, omnis regio aegis!”
[From the first to the fourth, all area defense!]
Suimei Yakagi folded up the same type of golden magic circles as before
into a semi-sphere that expanded them around him. Darkness and light
collided. The rotating magic circles scattered shrill noise and luminescence,
and managed to defend against several of the bands of darkness, but...
“Ugh—”
From Suimei Yakagi’s mouth, a slight groan of anguish leaked out. The
darkness that seeped through his goldish shield swarmed around his left
arm. And as the most definitive proof his safety was finally threatened, the
shadow could spot a bead of cold sweat slipping down the bridge of his
nose. The spell was a success. It was the first time one of their attacks had
actually reached him.
However, even after a while, Suimei Yakagi did not collapse. Against a
dark magic spell of such destructive force, the sharp pain and the physical
