And while he was surmising the current state of affairs, he spotted a
familiar figure running towards him with terrifying vigor. They were
running without even keeping an eye on their surroundings—they were
only looking straight ahead at him. Their expression was just like that of a
lost child who, after great pains, had finally found their parent. And as for
the identity of said parent...
“SUIMEI-DONOOOOOOOOOOO!”
“M-Menia?”
The genius mage of Astel, Felmenia Stingray. The girl who bore the title
of White Flame. She was charging right for Suimei while spewing tears and
other less sightly fluids from her face. She made a mad leap for him.

“Your... Your Menia has at long last arrived, Suimei-donooooooooooo!”
“Hey, idiot! Wipe your face first! Mainly the snot! Aaaaaaaaah, it’s
getting on my clothes!”
“SUIMEI-DONOOOOO!”
The darkness vanished, and as the moonlight once more began shining
down on the imperial capital at night, Suimei was reunited with Astel’s
genius mage, Felmenia Stingray.


★
After wiping off her face, Felmenia and Suimei were now headed
towards Suimei’s home base in the Empire. The man who’d been begging
for his life seemed to be a noble, and when Suimei tried to ask about what
happened, he was told it “wasn’t anything of his plebeian concern.” He’d
then left, still cursing and complaining about the shadow. As for the other
one...
“Hmhmmmhmhm!”
On the streets of the imperial capital bathed in faint moonlight, starlight,
and the sporadic lamplight of houses, Felmenia was walking next to Suimei
with a tremendous smile on her face. Just what was she so happy about?
Her broad, dopey smile was a testament to her unusually high spirits.
Suimei tried asking her a question.
“So, Menia, what were you doing in that kinda place?”
“You see, after arriving in the Empire, I used wind magic to search for
you, Suimei-dono. But along the way, I ended up going astray in that
strange place...”
So she’d ended up entering the darkness that obscured a person’s vision
and other senses. Suimei figured it would be easy enough to do if she was
concentrating on trying to find him. But he couldn’t figure out how that led
to the waterworks. Of course, he had the completely wrong idea about why
she was crying.
“So, that’s one thing, but... Why did you come to me?”
“Why, you ask...? Did I not say I would before you departed from
Astel?!”
When she said it, it did ring a bell for Suimei. If he remembered right,
back when they parted at the castle, she’d said something about following
after him without fail, but...
“Yeah, well, I didn’t think you would really come. I completely thought
you were joking.”
When Suimei informed her that he hadn’t taken her seriously, Felmenia
mistakenly took his words the worst possible way. Her expression turned
grave.
“W-Was it wrong of me to follow you?”

“No, it’s not like it’s wrong or anything. But Menia, you have your own
life don’t you? Your job and stuff.”
“What are you saying? Suimei-dono, I know you were informed that I
was relieved of my post as a court mage.”
“Wait, that was serious? I totally thought that was just to corner that old
fart of a court mage, but... That king really knows how to pull a stunt, huh?
But... so that means...”
“Yes! His Majesty told me to come and assist you, Suimei-dono!”
“I bet he did...”
Almadious’s face popped up in Suimei’s mind as he looked at the night
sky. He let out a complex, weighty sigh. Next to him, Felmenia was
nodding her head repeatedly in a delighted manner, which confirmed his
suspicions—she hadn’t followed after him unwillingly.
Now then, King Almadious had let loose the mage said to be the best in
all Astel, and sent her after Suimei, who was acting for nobody’s sake in
particular. Just what did he gain from doing so? Even if he assigned
Felmenia to the boy who wouldn’t participate in the Demon Lord’s
subjugation and was only trying to find a way to return to his own world,
there was really nothing the king stood to gain from it.
No, the king knew that Suimei was a magician. If he also knew full well
that, though only for a brief time, Felmenia had been learning the basics of
magicka while Suimei was at the royal castle, then it wasn’t unreasonable to
think he’d sent Felmenia to learn more of Suimei’s magic for the benefit of
their country.
“Is something the matter, Suimei-dono? Could it be that there is
something stuck to my face?”
The person in question, however, didn’t know that Suimei was thinking
of such things, and innocently cocked her head to the side. It was an
expression that made him think that she couldn’t possibly be scheming to
assist him just to exploit his power.
Well, it’s not something to distrust her over, really. She’s probably not up
to anything like that anyway.
Coming to that conclusion, Suimei pushed his doubts out of his mind. It
was second nature for magicians to wonder what was going on behind the
scenes, and even further beyond that. But it could also lead to
unpleasantries. Especially in situations like this. This girl had genuinely

come to aid him, and Suimei’s first response was to regard her with
skepticism.
I’m pretty terrible, aren’t I...?
Felmenia was serious about helping him. Looking at her expression, he
could tell. And the more he became sure of it, the more guilty he began to
feel. This girl was one of his few acquaintances who knew that he was a
magician. He should have been grateful for her company and welcomed it.
“...Okay. I guess that means we’ll be working together again.”
“Yes!”
When Suimei finally acknowledged what she’d said, Felmenia
responded with an enthusiastic burst of energy. Seeing her act like that, a
single thought came to mind.
“Menia, I know the answer already, but... You’re not hiding dog ears and
a tail somewhere, are you?”
“Ears and tail? Why, no... I am not a therianthrope, after all.”
“Yeah, I thought so. I just... had to ask.”
“Is something the matter?”
“No, it’s nothing. Just forget about it.”
“H-Huh...?”
Brushing off Felmenia and her puzzled expression, Suimei hurried just a
little ahead of her. She hustled right behind him, taking what seemed like
her rightful place next to him with a broad smile on her face as she walked
along once more.
“...So puppy-like...”
He couldn’t help thinking it.
★
After reuniting in the upper class district, Suimei and Felmenia made
their way to the back alley where Suimei’s base was located in Filas Philia.
“So this is the house you’re living in, Suimei-dono?”
“Yeah. I just bought it quite recently. By all means, come in.”
Opening the door to the house, Suimei invited her in. He casually
scanned for presences within the house. Lefille was the only one that
registered. It seemed Jillbert had already gone home. It looked like he’d
have to wait until next time before he could give her a piece of his mind.

When he remembered the little matter of her map, his expression turned
stormy. And just then, his housemate showed up at the entrance.
“Welcome home, Suimei-kun.”
“Ah, yeah, good to be back.”
With a little wave, Lefille welcomed him home. Realizing it had been a
long time since anyone greeted him like that, Suimei felt touched. Had it
been since his father passed away? Suimei closed his eyes, and when he
opened them after a short while, he realized the two unfamiliar girls were
staring at each other in puzzlement.
“Um, Suimei-dono, who is this child...?”
“Suimei-kun, is that girl an acquaintance? Could you introduce me to
her?”
“Ah, that’s right. So, first up, this is the mage who summoned me to this
world, former court mage of the Kingdom of Astel, Felmenia Stingray. She
went out of her way to come all the way here from Metel to lend me a
hand.”
As Suimei first introduced Felmenia to Lefille, something about it
seemed to ring a bell with Lefille. Her eyes opened wide in amazement.
“Oooh, so you are the one celebrated in Astel as the White Flame,
Felmenia Stingray-dono?!”
Felmenia nodded. Suimei then briefly introduced Lefille to Felmenia.
“This is Lefille Grakis. On the way to Nelferia, fate brought us together,
and she’s been my traveling companion since.”
“A companion... you say?”
Felmenia was slightly perplexed. Having a small child as a traveling
companion didn’t make sense to her.
“Well, all sorts of things happened...”
With that, Suimei decided to leave the full introduction for when Lefille
returned to her original form.
“I’m Lefille Grakis. A pleasure to meet you. Please just call me Lefille.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, too.”
And with that, the two girls shared a friendly handshake. Felmenia then
turned to Suimei.
“Suimei-dono, Lefille is quite... How do I put it? She seems to be quite
refined. Is she perhaps...”
“Ah, so you can tell? It’s true that Lefille is a little mistress from a well-

off place.”
“As I thought. I gathered as much from the odds and ends of her
conduct. I can tell she’s one with a noble lineage.”
As Felmenia smiled at Lefille, perhaps taking into account that she was
now tiny, Lefille replied with a nervous face in a somewhat reserved
manner.
“Yes, but if I’m not mistaken, you’re also a noble. There’s no need for
you to speak in such a modest way...”
“No, I am guessing that you are someone of high standing from another
nation. So even as the daughter of a noble, I’m pleased to be in such good
company and treat you as you deserve. You have nothing to worry about.”
Now that he thought about it, other than to the servants, palace guards,
and her enemies, Suimei realized that Felmenia had always been
particularly courteous. Her way of speaking just now was kind of like an
extension of that. She was being obligingly polite with a small child. And
while Suimei was contemplating such subtleties in her tone, Felmenia
looked at him with a passionate gaze.
“Then, from tomorrow on, I will be in your care here, so please do treat
me well.”
“Wh-Wh-What?!”
But it wasn’t Suimei who shouted. Felmenia was referencing the
conversation she’d had with Suimei on their way to the house, which
apparently came as a great shock to Lefille.
“Something up?”
“Lady Felmenia just said that she will be living together with us... Is that
true, Suimei-kun?!”
“Well, yeah. That’s kinda what a base is for, right? Besides, there are
still plenty of free rooms.”
Lefille dejectedly slumped her shoulders as if this was terrible news.
“...And here I thought I was finally going to be able to be alone with
Suimei-kun...”
“...?”
Suimei couldn’t hear Lefille’s quiet mumbling, and he couldn’t
understand what she was upset about. Shrugging it off, he moved on to the
next topic at hand: Felmenia’s room.
