With Her
The imperial capital of Filas Philia. As the largest city within the
Nelferian Empire, it was home to all kinds of wonders. There was the
crystal statue of the Goddess in front of the famous Filas Philia Cathedral
and the Imperial University Library, which prided itself on having the
largest book collection between the three allied countries. There was also
the Magic Institute, which was built in collaboration with the Kingdom of
Astel and the Saadias Alliance, which was a think tank for all kinds of
magic research. The city itself existed on a grand scale, and was in
contention for the title of second largest in the entire world.
The outer edges of the city were predominantly wooden and ashen brick
dwellings, but the vast majority of the city streets were lined with
residences using a gentle shade of red bricks. And when it came to the
upper class district where the nobles lived, the buildings uniformly used
high quality, vivid red bricks.
Red was apparently the color of choice in building materials and many
other things because the emperor from five generations ago extolled it. It
was likely just a matter of personal preference, but in Suimei’s world, red—
chiefly in Europe—was used to signify the flowing blood of saints, and had
been treasured since ancient times. It was also commonly used for the
tabards of knights and soldiers as something of an ode to battle. So for this
world, especially a militaristic country like Nelferia, to be using the color so
prominently was quite the amusing coincidence.
While thinking of such things, Suimei tossed a glance heavenward. The
imperial city had not only a large, expansive street system, but many
exceptionally tall buildings to line it. The outer wall guarding the
circumference of the city was quite high, which seemed to increase the safe
building limit for structures inside the city. They were far taller than
anything he’d seen so far.

Even to an outsider like Suimei, Filas Philia gave off a discernably
different impression than the royal capital of Metel in the Kingdom of
Astel. There were plenty of people in Metel, but this place had a more
modern feel to it. Both cities had parks, shops, and the like, but the
maintenance of those places and basic needs like water and sewage
management was impressive here. So in terms of development, Filas Philia
did seem to be the more advanced of the two.
However, even taking in the beautiful townscape—complete with
remarkable buildings and children playing happily in fountains—a
persistent hazy feeling lingered gloomily over Suimei’s heard. But there
was a reason for his tired grumbling.
“I never thought Reiji and the others would be wiping my ass for me...”
Just how many times had he muttered that to himself already? From
what he heard from the travelers at the checkpoint, Reiji and the others
returned to Astel from the Empire, led an army from the kingdom, and
defeated the demon general named Rajas along with his ten thousand
subordinates.
Hearing this, of course, was a bolt out of the blue for Suimei. It was
astonishing to say the least. And after hearing the “news” came a natural
wave of bitterness. It manifested on his face now in the form of a grim
expression. Seeing it, a slightly concerned Lefille called out to him.
“Suimei-kun, you’re still talking about the rumor we heard from those
travelers, right? We still don’t know for certain whether they really defeated
him or not.”
“You’re right. But it’s not like I saw to it that Rajas was dead. And now
people are throwing his name around with Reiji’s, so based on that, I’m
guessing there’s an eight or nine out of ten chance that my attack isn’t what
finished him off...”
Suimei explained the main reason for his anguish with a sigh. He felt
badly about troubling Reiji and the others, but it was the thought that his
attack hadn’t properly finished the job that left his pride as a magician in
tatters. He’d stood at the ready and fired his anti-evil spirit, anti-demon
magicka. He was near exhausted at the time, but he was still unhappy with
the results. Even if it had only been a matter of time for the residual holy
lightning to bring the demon down, the whole situation left a bad taste in his
mouth after all.

“I’m seriously worthless. After running off at the mouth like that, for me
to be unable to finish him in a single strike is just...”
“Don’t be stupid. Even if it didn’t finish him, it was enough, wasn’t it? If
anything, it’s likely your friend came across Rajas in a compromised state.
Just think of what would have happened if they’d run into him and you
hadn’t fought him first...”
Just as she was implying, they would likely be dead right now.
However...
“You’re probably right, but that’s not the real problem here, you know?
Hahh...”
“That the fact that you weren’t able to finish him off is... Is what you
want to say? I understand the feeling, but it’s not good to just keep sighing
like that. If all you do is wallow in self-pity, then people will distance
themselves from you.”
“Yeah, well, you’re certainly right there.”
Lefille’s words made Suimei reflect on himself and how he’d been
acting. “If you keep sighing, people will distance themselves from you” was
probably her own way of saying, “If you keep sighing, happiness will run
away from you.” After all, people brought happiness, so if they avoided
you, then happiness would too. And she was right. Nothing could be done if
all he did was grumble all the time.
“Alright, let’s just drop that, and lift our spirits instead.”
“I agree. That’ll do you good.”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Revealing her usually calm smile, Lefille enthusiastically thrust her fist
into the air. At times like this, she brightened things up for the both of them.
“So, Lefille, you said you had somewhere you wanted to go, but where
are we headed from here?”
“The Church of Salvation.”
“...Seriously?”
★
Suimei followed Lefille, and they arrived at an area near the gate to the
outer wall. There stood one of several Churches of Salvation set up in
various places throughout the imperial capital.

This would be the first time Suimei approached an institution of the
largest religion in this world, but as he walked towards it, he couldn’t help
noticing it gave off a different impression from the rest of the city. The
walkway leading to it went from laid brickwork to scattered cobblestones.
There was a well cared for flower bed, and also a small pond. There were
even trees crowded next to each other, making this area the only place
nearby where there was any greenery. Listening carefully, he could hear the
songs of small birds. It was truly like a fresh and green holy ground. And in
the midst of all of it stood a white building.
As if inviting them further in, a path spread out before them. Walking
down it, Suimei could feel his face gradually grow more and more stern as
they drew nearer to their ultimate destination.
“A church... A church, huh?”
“You’ve been muttering with that weird expression on your face for a
while now, but is something up?”
“No, it’s nothing like that. I just can’t get used to the atmosphere in this
kinda place, you see...”
“You can’t get used to... a natural oasis that puts your soul at ease?”
“Yeah, certainly the negative ions are just flowing out, and mana is also
thick here, but...”
“C-Certainly, but neither of those are bad things, so what is it that
troubles you?”
“It might just be my nature as a magician, I guess. All I can think when I
see or hear anything about a church is that it’s a den for some of my worst
enemies.”
Indeed, in Suimei’s world, magicians had many natural enemies. The
church was the prime example. Typically, any religion that had a church fit
the bill, but there was one monotheistic religion in particular that came to
mind. That one that believed their god was incarnated as a savior, and
treated its teachings as supreme. Generally, said religion believed that only
people recognized by this or that were able to enact miracles. And those
“miracles” were really the mysteries known as magicka that magicians
used. Yet even though magicka existed even within their own teachings in
that regard, a sect of said religion treated all mystical powers that were not
handed down by their god as impure.
And so they made magicka out to be some unholy, ill-begotten power.

They claimed that the miracles they recognized were the only legitimate
power, meaning that magicians—the wielders of the power they decried—
were the enemy and had to be eradicated. To say they were overzealous was
probably the right way to put it.
And it was such zealousness that inspired most of history’s famous
witch hunts, and was connected to Helen Duncan’s famous prohibition of
the use of magic. It was all so the power of their faith could not be made
light of. Naturally, other religions made similar claims. It was something of
a vicious, extreme cycle. All religions placed a great deal of stock in what
they believed to be miracles, while they condemned or denied the miracles
of other faiths.
There were people who treated any and all involvement with magicka as
evil, but there were also people who would manipulate spiritual information
to swindle others. So needless to say, not everyone had fallen victim to
blind faith that had run amok, although that was certainly the case for a
certain group of people who claimed that magicka was heresy—the agents
of the Holy Inquisition.
Of course, no normal church had such a group of extremists. However,
even knowing that, Suimei had it firmly imprinted in him not to let his
guard down and never to lose his focus.
“Are you referencing the circumstances of your world?”
“Yeah.”
“But if you lump them together like that, aren’t you just being utterly
dismissive of our traditions?”
“Yeah, sorry, that wasn’t what I meant to do. My bad.”
Suimei timidly scratched his head and apologized. Lefille had her
cheeks slightly puffed out, and she was staring down at the ground looking
at nothing in particular. Seeing her like that struck a chord in Suimei, and he
couldn’t help but feel compelled to apologize.
“...Well, setting that aside, is this place really okay?”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I thought there was a much bigger church in the Empire, right? You
know, that one that tourists from other countries come here to see all the
time.”
“The Filas Philia Cathedral, you mean. It’s a place we talked about
before, but... Honestly, I don’t really want to go to that kind of grand place.”

Lefille knit her brow as she said that. She appeared convinced that going
to such a place would be trouble in a most taxing manner. Suimei was
curious.
“Why’s that?”
“In a place like that, there will certainly be a virtuous priest present. In
other words, someone in whom the Goddess’s blessed power is particularly
strong. I think you’re better informed of such blessings and what their
power means than I am, Suimei-kun, but... If someone like that saw through
to my true identity, what do you think would happen?”
“Hmm? I didn’t really think anyone finding out you were a spirit would
be a big deal... Was I wrong?”
Suimei asked because of something Lefille had once told him about this
world previously. Here, the things known as spirits were something very
close to people. And perhaps because Lefille was there, Suimei had even
sensed the presence of a minor spirit approach them too. Based on all that,
he didn’t think it was anything strange, but apparently he was mistaken.
Lefille then grimaced as if a lump had formed above her eyes.
“Even as I am now, I have the spirit of the scarlet tempest—one who
inherited the blood of Ishaktney. In Alshuna’s spirit legend, Ishaktney was
Goddess Alshuna’s right hand who fought against the Evil God Zekaraia. In
short, a direct subordinate of the Goddess herself. In other words...”
“If people found out, they would be suuuper excited. Definitely. Without
a doubt.”
“That’s right. It was fine back in Noshias. Even if I am a half-spirit,
