area. They were the result of magic. After hearing her conclusion, Titania
raised a voice of admiration.
“Mizuki, I am surprised you could tell...”
“Yeah, there’s only a tiny hint of the remnants of mana, and the ice
lumps and fires over there probably still have traces of their spells on
them.”
“...You’re right.”
Straining his eyes and sharpening his senses, Reiji could also
comprehend that there was something left of the magic that had been used.
Even though he couldn’t tell before, once it was pointed out to him that
there was magic involved, he could suddenly identify it clearly as if a fog in
his mind had instantly cleared away.
However, for the embers, ice, and other various creations to still contain
details of their respective spells was quite a big deal. The magical
foundation of a spell only took an instant to defeat a demon. So for it to
linger in such detail even now...
“Mizuki, isn’t this...?”
“Yeah. The spell that was used is super high-level. I can’t tell what it is

at all... It might just be something different from the magic we use.”
“That’s possible, but to use high-level spells this many times is...”
This was beyond unusual. Could it have been a large army that
destroyed the demons? Reiji dismissed the idea as soon as it came to mind.
If two large armies had clashed, the scenery would be markedly different.
There would have to be signs of the other army, including corpses. But
there wasn’t a single hint to suggest anything like that. The field they could
see stretched all the way to the horizon, and it was uniformly covered with
the corpses of demons. Even if a large army had been gathered, it wasn’t
even realistically possible for them to have so many high-level mages.
Adding the sight of it all up, all Reiji could think was that something—
something overwhelming—had passed through here.
The horses, sensitive to the nervousness of humans and the subtleties of
the atmosphere around them, were neighing incessantly. While gently
soothing the horses who were on edge as they proceeded, Titania was the
next one that could be heard gasping.
“This is...?!”
She was aghast. Hadorious finished the thought for her.
“Even a behemoth...?”
Hearing the two of them, Reiji and the others looked over. What they
were met with was the corpse of an enormous monster.
“I-It’s huge...”
Mizuki’s voice was trembling in shock. The overall length of the beast
was probably over two hundred meters. It called to mind the image of a
beached cruiser laying across the hill as if stranded. It had a black, thick
hide, bulky wrinkled skin, profound limbs that did not seem to balance out
the size of its body, and massive horns.
Its gargantuan and cloudy scarlet eyes were wide open, giving off an
eerie feeling. Rather than fear for the monster’s original power, everyone
feared what had been able to leave it in such a condition. Even a creature of
this prowess had been but cut down, as Mizuki said, by some form of
magic. It lay sprawled out at an awkward angle. It appeared half of the
beast was buried underground, but in reality, half of its body was just
completely missing.
“Th-That is a special class two monster. To think even something like
this was defeated...”

Forgetting to even explain the seriousness of such a classification,
Titania gave voice to her awe. Otherwise, she stood frozen in place.
Understanding just what this monster was, her shock was on another level.
But everyone was shaken. Even the other soldiers, Gregory, and Hadorious
all wore serious expressions.
And as everyone was seized with it all, a soldier who had gone ahead to
check things out returned with heavy steps. But his gait was not a sign of
fatigue. No, the appalling environs just weighed on him that much.
“I... I have a report... As expected, it seems the demons have been
completely annihilated. The total count of them was likely...”
All present held their breath waiting for the next words to come from the
kneeling soldier’s mouth. But he wasn’t intentionally making them wait. He
himself looked too taken aback to account for the number. Hadorious,
maintaining his stiff expression, urged the soldier on.
“Just how many were there?”
“Y-Your Grace! It is estimated that they surpassed ten thousand in count,
we believe...”
In that instant, all present felt their hearts stop. Ten thousand? That
colossal number made them doubt their ears. Silence fell over the field. Not
even the sound of breathing could be heard. And then, as people gradually
regained their senses, Hadorious spoke up once more, his voice dyed in
fright.
“Ten thousand, you say? The destruction here is vast, but I do not
believe the number of corpses present supports your claim.”
“With all due respect, Your Grace, the estimate was calculated from the
tracks left by the demons and monsters while they were moving, and the
scope of the offensive. We do believe it to be accurate.”
Hearing the scout’s words, Hadorious once more spoke with a grim
expression.
“To think that it wasn’t just a thousand...”
His voice was filled with so much emotion that he was at a loss as to
what to feel. His mind was likely running wild with what would have
happened if he’d fought against such forces. No matter how he’d prepared,
those numbers were out of the bounds of his imagination. But nevertheless,
he seemed to collect himself as Titania turned to him.
“To think that we mistook the scale of the demons. I shudder at the

thought of what would have happened if they’d attacked Metel or Kurant
City, but...”
“Just who accomplished this and when, you mean? Do you have any
clues, Duke Hadorious?”
“As for who, I do not have any idea whatsoever. But seven days ago,
there was some most tempestuous lighting in the area. It was likely the day
that the demons were annihilated.”
“A day of lightning...”
“The bishop of the Church of Salvation said that it was because we
touched on the anger of the Goddess, but...”
Hadorious sounded as if he thought the whole thing was a tall tale, but
these people seemed to regard lightning as the embodiment of heavenly
wrath much the same way the people of Earth did.
But was it really the Goddess Alshuna who’d defeated the demons? No,
such a divine intervention was out of the question. If such a thing were
possible, this world wouldn’t need a hero in the first place.
And so the mystery only deepened. They had a rough idea of when it
happened, but in the end, they still didn’t have any idea what had really
gone down. Gripped by that tense, oppressive unknown, Mizuki voiced her
worry to Reiji.
“Suimei-kun, was he alright during this?”
“I wonder about that...”
As Mizuki cast her eyes down in anxiety, Reiji’s heart went out to her.
He was feeling it too. Just where was Suimei now? It would have been nice
if the demons were defeated before Suimei had encountered them, but...
“It’s demons! There are survivors!”
Hearing that voice coming from behind them, everyone turned around.
One of the soldiers that had been investigating the surrounding area
announced the presence of demons with practically a scream. Were they
mixed in with the corpses? Or did they come flying in from nearby? A
number of demons who appeared to be the remnants of the demon forces
sprang to the air with violent vigor and were headed towards them. The first
one to raise their voice in response was Hadorious.
“They’re coming this way! Everyone take up combat positions!”
As he drew his sword from horseback, he commanded the soldiers in the
area without hesitation. Hearing his voice, they took action immediately.

The soldiers with spears took the front line. Mages fell into line behind
them and immediately began casting spells. And following up on all that
that, Reiji immediately turned to Luka.
“Luka-san, take care of Mizuki!”
“As you wish.”
“R-Reiji-kun!”
“I’m also going to assist them. Mizuki, wait here with Luka. Tia!”
“Yes, Reiji-sama!”
“Stick behind me and prepare your magic! We’re going around with the
horses and hitting their flank!”
Yelling out in haste, Reiji drew his sword. He was looking at the demons
and the formation of soldiers preparing to meet them. Deciding a flank
attack would be best, Reiji spurred his horse forward. Titania, Gregory, and
Roffrey followed after him. And while that was going on, the other soldiers
sprang into action at Hadorious’s command.
With a shorter path, the soldiers reached the demons first. The ones
wielding spears leaped at the demons and kept them in check, and the
mages slung spells where the openings appeared. It was a perfectly-
regulated tactic carried out in textbook fashion. The skills of each individual
soldier were also quite high, and their teamwork was splendid. At this rate,
they would completely suppress the demons without any casualties.
No...
Or so it appeared, but the demons were desperate. Their main force had
already been annihilated, and they fought with the desperation of dead men.
It was something seen on the battlefield from time to time. Even though
their fates were ultimately sealed, they were making a last stand to try and
exact as much damage as possible. A form of revenge. An act of defiance.
They had no place to return to, no place to go but death, but they did not
fear it. It emboldened them. Soldiers who had that sort of determination
were strong, and difficult to deal with.
Dead men had no regards for their lives and were a dangerous force to
be reckoned with on the battlefield. They fought recklessly without regard
for their own safety, and it gave them just enough of an edge to break
through the soldiers’ formation. Wanting to take as many humans as they
could with them to the afterlife, the demons were rampaging violently. It
was turning into an utter melee, which put the soldiers at a disadvantage.

“Fall back!”
Seeing that, Hadorious spurred on his large black horse and rushed in.
While commanding the soldiers, he bisected the demon in front of him with
a single swing. However, a number of other demons slipped by him. They
were headed right for Luka and Mizuki.
“Crap!”
They had slipped by on the opposite side of the field from Reiji, and by
the time he noticed that, it was already too late. The demons flew at an
incredible speed, and the distance between them and Mizuki was shrinking
rapidly. There were three of them, too. Even if Mizuki fought, she and Luka
would still be outnumbered. And if Luka tried to defend Mizuki on her own,
it would be even worse.
“Gregory!”
The moment Titania reflexively yelled out, with or without even having
heard her, Gregory’s horse turned around. However...
“Tch! Mizuki-dono, please grab hold of me tightly.”
“Oh, uh, yeah!”
Maneuvering her horse, Luka tried to escape the descending demons.
Unfortunately, however, the horse’s feet were being slowed in the mud,
hampering its ability to evade. The disadvantage was only slight, but even
that could be the difference between life and death now.
“Shit! Stain Scarlet!”
While cursing, Reiji let loose some of his fire magic. Titania followed
up with a spell of her own, but neither would make it in time. The
berserking demons moved at superhuman speeds.
This is bad! At this rate...
The demons closed in on Mizuki and Luka. Mizuki fired off her own
magic in defense, but the demons continued charging even when scorched
with flame. Reiji was much too far away to be able to help and he knew it.
A bad premonition crawled down his back in the form of a chill.
And just when he was about to prepare himself for the worst, several
white lines in the corner of his eye formed a vortex in and soared through
the sky, tearing it apart. It was pure white fire. And it engulfed the demons
