and above all else, strong. And at the rate of his tyranny, people thought it
wouldn’t be long before the whole world fell at his hands. A localized crisis
became a worldwide one quickly.”
“Ah...”
Lefille’s explanation reminded him of something. A memory in the
corner of his mind crawled to the surface. He recalled something both the
Prime Minister Gless and Dorothea, the clerk at the Twilight Pavilion, had
mentioned. Approximately a hundred years ago, there was a tyrant who
tried to make the world his own. At that time, three heroes were summoned
who went on to write the epic tale of smashing his ambition to pieces.
However...
“So heroes were summoned to put a stop to the war... Ah!”
“Sounds like you figured it out. That demonstrated that the hero
summoning could be carried out to oppose aggressive nations. So if the
Nelferian Empire were to ever turn on its neighbors in such a fashion, and if
the other countries came into agreement...”
“Then heroes might be summoned to stop them.”
“That’s right. It’s said that the Nelferian Emperor at the time witnessed
the power of the hero with his own eyes and instead of awe, he trembled in
fear. After that, he was quoted as saying, ‘We must not conduct ourselves in
a way to draw the ire of a hero.’”
“Yeah, I can see that.”
If it was that serious, Suimei was pretty convinced. To make such a
powerful emperor who had the rest of the world by the throat back down
over just displaying their power, the summoned hero really had to be
something.
“So thanks to things like that, the hero summoning ritual or whatever is
just that feared and revered, huh?”
“That’s right. Heroes are powerful forces that can defeat Demon Lords,
demons, and powerful evil beasts. It is said that a single hero rivals the
armed forces of a single nation. So there’s no way that threat wouldn’t be a
powerful deterrent, right?”
“I bet.”

“Because of that, even though there are skirmishes between nations,
there have been no large-scale wars on an international level for quite a
long time.”
“It’s that big of a deal, huh?”
“Well, if there’s been anything of note, it would be the clash between
Astel and Shaddock two years ago. That one ended in Astel’s victory due to
the great efforts of Her Royal Highness Titania from the Kingdom of Astel.
Suimei’s eyes shot wide open when he heard that bolt out of the blue.
“Tia’s?”
“Tia...? Ah, you mean the princess? Yeah, I heard that she was quite
active at the time.”
“Hmm, so the princess was...”
Suimei stood there, completely dumbfounded and mumbling to himself.
This was unexpected. Astel’s princess, Titania, was lively, but prim. She
was practically attached to Reiji at the hip, and he couldn’t even imagine
her marching out onto a battlefield to take a leading role. He was under the
impression her magical abilities were lacking compared to Felmenia’s, but
was she really hiding some sort of fearsome strength?
He couldn’t know for sure. Even if she’d played an active role, there
were lots of ways to do that. Strategy, for example. However...
Was it because she’d fought before that nobody objected to her going on
the subjugation?
Suimei thought back to what happened at the castle. When Reiji and the
others were being sent off, the king and the first prince along with a long
line of people from the castle showed their gratitude and were reluctant to
see the princess go, but not once did Suimei remember anyone trying to
keep her from leaving. There had to be a reason for that, and perhaps, just
perhaps, it was because they trusted in her capabilities.
“Next in line!”
While Suimei was turning all this over in his head, a voice called out to
him and Lefille from the checkpoint. It seemed their turn had finally come.
They put their conversation on hold for the time being and approached.
There were several members of the Nelferian military police standing
within the snug room, urging on the people who’d been in line ahead of
them through the doors into the city proper. A young man who appeared to
be a civil officer in charge of documentation and tax collection called out to

Suimei and Lefille as they entered.
“You two are looking to enter, correct?”
“Yes.”
“That’s right.”
Hearing their answers, the young man presented them with some
documentation. It looked to be a registry form. When Suimei left Metel and
when he entered Kurant City, he’d had to fill out the same kind of form, so
he knew what to do with it.
“Then please record your name here. Also, if you have something to
signify your status, please cite it... Actually, excuse me, as for writing...”
As Suimei quickly walked up to the counter to write and Lefille tottered
over, the young man started to backpedal on his request.
“Yes, I can write.”
“Not a problem here.”
“My apologies. Then please fill out the form. After that, you’ll just pay
the following entry tax and charges for passage, then you’ll be all set.”
Pleased with being treated quite courteously by the civil officer, Suimei
began filling out the entry form. The civil officer then turned a carefree
smile towards Lefille. Perhaps because he liked children or perhaps just
because he was kind, as Suimei started to think he was being too polite, the
civil officer stooped down a little.
“So would you mind filling out this form too, little lady?”
His request was courteous, but Lefille looked unhappy. Suimei thought
he saw her shoulders twitch, and she made a stern expression.
“Sir, I am not a ‘little lady.’ Would you please correct yourself?”
“Ahahaha, I guess you’re right. Sorry, princess.”
“What’s with that way of talking?! Are you brushing my request off as a
child’s nonsense?!”
In response to the way the young clerk was dealing with her, Lefille
began to yell furiously. It was much like what had happened when they
went shopping for clothes in Kurant City. Whenever someone treated her
like a child, she would overreact in this theatrical fashion. It seemed she just
couldn’t let it go without making a fuss about it.
“S-Suimei-kun! Suimei-kun you say something too!”
“What, me?!”
“That’s right!”

Now that she’d turned to him for help, what was he supposed to do?
Surely she wasn’t expecting him to say, “Actually this child shrank after
getting into a fight with demons.” That would only invite laughter. As
Suimei contemplated exactly what he should do, the clerk turned a bright
smile his way.
“Ahahaha, your companion is quite full of energy, isn’t she? Must be
difficult.”
“Ah, no, well... Yeah, hahaha.”
In the end, that was all Suimei could do. He was just trying to go with
the flow, but Lefille grabbed him and shook him by the hips since she
couldn’t reach his shoulders.
“Suimei-kun! Why are you just laughing this off?!”
“No... You see...”
He wanted to tell her that there wasn’t much else he could do. As Lefille
clung to Suimei in desperation, the clerk smiled again and nodded.
“Children around this age are always trying to act older, aren’t they? I
also have a sister who’s a fair bit younger than me, so I understand.”
It seemed he had experience with young children. But looking around
the room, Suimei could see the military police were also smiling at Lefille’s
antics. The ordinarily tense checkpoint was filled with an unusually
pleasant atmosphere.
“Ugh... Fine. Let’s just fill it out quickly and get out of here.”
Lefille finally gave up and returned to her usual self. But...
“Hnnngh, hnnnnngh...”
“What’s wrong?”
For some reason, with one hand on the writing counter and the other
reaching out for the form, Lefille was letting out a groan like she was
stretching with all her might. Even though Suimei asked her what was
going on, she was too focused on her endeavor to answer. With an agonized
voice, she called out her unnamed opponent.
“Gah, of all the things... to lose to this kind of...!”
“Huh...?”
“Not yet! I won’t give up yet! Even I have my pride! I won’t throw it
away!”
Saying such exaggerated things as a way to try and cheer herself on, the
tiny Lefille tried to persevere. And though she exerted herself for a while,

having perhaps sensed that the struggle was useless, she plopped down on
the floor like a child and muttered in despair.
“I... I can’t reach the paper...”
Lefille’s tearful voice as she admitted defeat was adorable in its own
way. She was tall enough to reach the counter, but because she didn’t have
enough clearance, she couldn’t get to the form. Was that really what she’d
been fighting so hard for?
The young clerk then walked over to her and presented her with a chair.
“Here you go, little lady. Feel free to use this chair as a stand.”
“I’m... I’m...!”
Even though the clerk was only being kind, Lefille was about to blow
her lid again.
“I’m...”
However, looking at both the table and the chair, Lefille gradually lost
steam and sank further into depression. And eventually, unable to say
anything more, she simply hung her head dejectedly, got up on the chair,
and began filling out the form.
Even with her ponytail swishing behind her, it was easy to see she was
in low spirits. The short of it was that she didn’t want to admit that she had
gotten smaller, and having to accept help like this felt like defeat. Suimei
pattered her shoulder to comfort her, and he heard her muttering to herself
over the scratch of the quill pen across the paper.
“How pathetic...”
Before long, just about the time they were finishing up filling out their
forms, Suimei noticed a girl appear from another door that led to the city.
Suimei glanced over, finding it strange that someone would enter the room
without being called in by the clerk. The members of the military police,
however, all turned towards the girl and immediately saluted her.
“Second Lieutenant Zandyke!”
The girl the clerk addressed as a second lieutenant appeared to be in her
early teens. She had reddish-violet twintails, a somewhat unhealthy-looking
complexion, and an eyepatch covering her right eye. Based on the look in
her other eye, Suimei couldn’t tell whether she was tired or not, but she
gave off an awfully strange impression. She was wearing clothes that gave a
somewhat gothic Lolita feel with a military-style coat overtop, all complete
with long gloves. Since her outfit looked like something from his own

world, Suimei’s eyebrow slightly shot up.
It was quite the eccentric getup. Suimei had sometimes seen people in
his world dressed like this, but it had been quite a while since he’d actually
seen someone in something so in-your-face. It wasn’t like it didn’t suit her,
however. Rather, it stood out precisely because it did suit her. And Lefille
seemed to share Suimei’s opinion in that regard...
“H-How... cute...”
Or not? Apparently she had complex feelings about excessively frilly
clothing now. But while Suimei and Lefille were each having their own
reactions to her, the girl who appeared to be a soldier walked up to the
young clerk and spoke in a tone that was so cold that it was hard to even
call businesslike.
“I came to retrieve... the registry from the other day.”
“Yes, ma’am!”
The young clerk straightened up with a snap as he stood to attention and
saluted like he had a pole rammed up his spine. He then quickly pulled a
leather-bound book from a cabinet and handed it over. Receiving it, the girl
quickly scanned over it, gave a nod, and then slammed the book shut.
