Would have likely been harshly done in by you, after all.”
With that, the sister began giggling. It was like her goal was to protect
the hero.


“I might have lost, you know?”
“Oh my, are you saying that I don’t know what I saw?”
“No, you do have a good eye, it seems.”
Though she didn’t know how exactly the battle would end, to be able to
make such an accurate estimation of the outcome wasn’t exactly clerical of
her. Perhaps it was her instincts as a therianthrope. But setting that aside...
“Even so, is it really okay for you to lie about the oracle? Sister, aren’t
you a follower of the Church of Salvation yourself?”
“Yes.”
“Then...”
And as Suimei said that, Clarissa shook her head to the sides repeatedly.
“Though it may be unbecoming to say as a servant of Alshuna, it’s not
like everything our dear Goddess says is right. And to see your
unintimidated figure stand up so boldly against what you thought was
wrong for the sake of protecting those important to you... I thought it was
splendid.”
“Huh...”
Hearing such unexpected words, Suimei was seized by bewilderment.
Clarissa gently wrapped her hands around his.
“You possess a good heart. Please do be sure never to forget that part of
yourself.”
And with that, the nun took her leave.
★
Under Clarissa’s mediation, Suimei and the others agreed to a match
with Elliot and Christa. And after hightailing it from the Twilight Pavilion,
they moved to a quiet location fairly near their house. Felmenia had an
extremely complicated expression on her face.
“Hahh... This has become quite the outrageous matter.”
No one had expected that they would end up competing over who could
catch the culprit behind the coma incidents faster. Even if it was thanks to
Clarissa’s quick-wittedness, they never dreamed they’d be dragged into
something like this.
“Sorry... Because of my oracle, even Lady Felmenia has gotten involved
in all this...”

“N-No, it is nothing for you to worry about, Lefille! Whatever the origin
may be, all we must do is win this match! Right, Suimei-dono?”
As Felmenia realized that she hadn’t quite phrased that right, she turned
to Suimei. Suimei, however, was just standing there with his arms folded
and didn’t reply to her at all. All he was doing was staring a hole in the
ground. Finding his attitude to be somewhat puzzling, Felmenia called out
to him again anxiously.
“S-Suimei-dono?”
“...Yeah, you’re right. If we do something about the culprit or whatever
behind the coma incidents, well, it’ll temporarily work out one way or the
other, huh?”
Yes, it was just as Suimei had vaguely stated. Even if they won the
match, the problem would only be postponed. The match itself was just a
ruse made up by Clarissa, and it was possible for the Goddess to pass
another oracle down to Lefille. So even if they were successful now, it
wasn’t like the fundamental problem was solved. Conflicts of faith like this
couldn’t be remedied by ordinary means.
Thinking that, Suimei was confronting his own thoughts on the matter.
And as he was drowning himself in a sea of considerations, Lefille
anxiously tugged on his sleeve a couple times.
“Suimei-kun, what’s wrong?” she asked.
“Nothing, I’m just thinking about what we should do. About what we
should be doing first, that is,” Suimei replied.
“As I thought... Should we gather information from the locals?”
suggested Felmenia.
“Good idea, Menia. Can I ask you to do that?”
“Please leave it to me! I came here to be of use to you, after all, Suimei-
dono. Ask me anything that you will! Though there may not be that many
people who will cooperate with our investigation...”
“Well, there’s not much we can do about that. Our opponent is the hero,
after all.”
Yes, it was likely that the citizens of the imperial capital would be
unhelpful. But that was to be expected. Between the hero who would save
the world and the fools who would oppose him, it was obvious who the
people would choose to cooperate with. They probably wouldn’t go as far
as actively getting in the way, but they certainly wouldn’t be any help. That

point was a fairly serious handicap, but... Well, it wasn’t impossible to
compensate for that in and of itself. And while Suimei continued ruminating
over that, Lefille raised her hand.
“Then I’ll also gather information.”
“No, I’d like to ask something else of you, Lefi.”
“Something else... Could it be to search for the culprit?”
“No, no, no. I can’t have you doing that kinda thing as you are now.”
Suimei shook his head in response to Lefille’s question. He wouldn’t
dream of asking Lefille to do anything reckless in her tiny state.
“Then?”
“I’d like you to go around the imperial capital and bring back as many
stray cats as you can.”
“C-Cats? Why do we need stray cats?”
“Well, if we can’t solicit cooperation from humans, then I figured we
might as well get it from cats.”
Having said that, Suimei began explaining his plan.
★
Having each been allotted their own jobs, Suimei and the others split up
for the time being. Unlike Elliot and Christa, they were getting a later start
and didn’t yet have any clues, so they were quite a bit behind straight out of
the gate.
And for that reason, Suimei headed straight to where he’d witnessed
something himself. On the day that Liliana guided him to the library, when
he was returning home, he’d encountered someone wearing a black hood
who was chasing a noble within a pseudo-barrier woven by magicka.
Suimei guessed that someone was likely the culprit behind the incidents,
but...
“Now that I think of it, they were pretty short...”
The shadow that he confronted inside the darkness was short and
slender. Recalling how they’d moved, too, they seemed to have been quite
young. Suimei could guess it was a child. Taking that into consideration,
complicated feelings welled in Suimei.
What’s this about...?
Attacking citizens, putting them into comas, spreading fear. The military

didn’t know what to do, and that culprit was a child. Suimei couldn’t see
their motives at all. And while he was letting such thoughts run around his
head, he could see a large crowd down the path in front of him.
“What the...”
The crowd was astir with chatter. And that noise became gradually
louder. Seeing this unusual phenomenon happening in the middle of a street
with a lot of pedestrian traffic, Suimei was also called forth by the spirit of
curiosity, and jogged over to the end of the street to take a look. As he did,
from within the enclosure of people surrounding something, he could sense
dense mana swelling up.
“This is...”
It was a sensation he was familiar with, a wavelength of mana that he
had just sensed the other day. Yes, this was the unmistakable mana of
Liliana Zandyke. Suddenly, from behind, he could hear fragments of
conversations. “What’s up?” someone asked. “The opponent is a guild
mage,” another whispered. And among all the conversations, Suimei heard
murmurings of “the human weapon,” Liliana’s nickname.
While apologizing to the people around him, Suimei pushed through the
crowd as he was jostled about. Eventually, as he arrived at the front of the
crowd, what came into sight, sure enough, was Liliana Zandyke. He could
see her cold left eye, and what it was looking down on... were the mages
that picked a fight with Liliana the other day.
Unlike before, it seemed that they had taken some severe attacks from
her. Their robes were burned and torn here and there. At a glance, it looked
tragic. It was likely they’d been hit with fire and wind magic that they were
unable to defend against. And it looked like their mana was already dried
up.
“If you’ve had enough... stop meddling with me... already.”
“Shit...”
The one to curse as he straightened himself up was the man with the curt
tone from last time. His eyes still had hostility in them as he glared at
Liliana, but she wasn’t willing to tolerate it this time. She once more let
loose her dense, powerful mana. The area several dozen meters out from her
was swamped in bloodlust. It was so thick that almost anyone could sense
it.
The two mages as well as the curious onlookers likely had goosebumps

from this. The mana was prickling their skin like an acid in the air. That was
the naked manifestation of malice.
And in the end, both the rude mage and the polite mage were left
unconscious and foaming at the mouth. With no mana left, it wasn’t likely
that they would wake up anytime soon. Casting a glance over the two
defeated men, Liliana recalled her mana and relaxed her battle posture.
As she did, Suimei realized that the onlooking crowd was regarding her
sharply. She had completely and utterly defeated these two men and beat
them down until they could no longer stand. It inspired raw fear in the
crowd, if not outright dread and disgust.
It seemed likely the mages had picked the fight again, and Liliana
wasn’t in the wrong. The fact that she was being judged so harshly for
legitimate self-defense was somewhat pitiful. Thinking of throwing her a
lifeline, Suimei approached.
“Yo.”
Hearing his voice, Liliana turned towards him.
“...You again? You seem to appear before me... quite a lot.”
“I could say the same to you. So none of that crap about me stalking
you, okay? Anyway...”
Setting that aside quickly, Suimei looked at the pitiful men on the street
who’d been utterly trounced.
“Did those guys come at you again?”
“That’s right. They incorrigibly came... and challenged me again.
Despite being adults... they’re hopeless idiots. Huge idiots.”
“And you’re pretty unlucky, huh?”
The gaze Suimei cast over the two fallen men was one filled with
astonishment. He thought that if he helped spell out what happened, the
people might take a hint. But he has no such luck. The eyes that stared at
Liliana were unchanged.
Even though the curious onlookers in the front row without a doubt
heard what Suimei had said, they were talking like they hadn’t. “The human
weapon tormented the guild’s mages,” one said. “What a ghastly child...”
said another. “Why is that dangerous brat left at large?” said yet another. It
went on and on. Suimei was baffled. Who would talk about a victim like
that? If anything, they should have been criticizing the adults who’d
attacked a small girl. So what was going on? Did they just automatically

assume Liliana was in the wrong? As Suimei stood there dumbfounded by
the malice around them, Liliana made her move.
“Step aside... This isn’t a show.”
Liliana glared at the crowd with her single eye. With that, the stern
crowd of gawkers gradually dispersed. As they did...
“...Monster.”
Someone couldn’t help getting one last insult in.
“Hey now...”
“It’s fine. If you just keep quiet... after a short while... they will all go
away...”
“Go away? That’s not the problem here. They completely misunderstood
the situation, didn’t they?”
“It’s fine.”
Liliana spoke in a somewhat strong tone as she cast her glance
