together?”
“Eh—That’s, um... Won’t I be a nuisance?”

She answered with a perplexed tone and what looked like a completely
bewildered expression. Her eyes were open wide. Suimei hadn’t realized
that what was weighing on her mind was that she was worried about
bothering him. It was rather innocent, but it was just like her.
“You think you’ll be a nuisance, huh? Even if you are, this is what I was
planning from the start, you hear?”
“Really?!”
Lefille eagerly asked for confirmation like this was a most unexpected
but pleasant surprise. It was like she wanted to make sure she hadn’t
misheard him. Walking up to her, Suimei leaned over and spoke in a quiet
voice.
“Well, you know... In that form, you won’t have an easy time finding a
place on your own. And that’s not to mention the curse.”
“But... that’s not your responsibility. Besides, you have your own goals
to accomplish, right?”
“It’s fine. This is the ship I boarded. And on that note, I’m sticking with
you until it’s dispelled.”
“—?!”
When Suimei said those last few words, a surprised look crossed
Lefille’s face for a moment before she suddenly embraced him with all of
her might.
“Thank you, Suimei-kun!”
“O-Oh...”
She was even rubbing her soft and squishy cheeks against his. Was she
that overcome with emotion? She’d been all alone with no one to help her
or stay by her side. So thinking about it, her reaction to Suimei saying he’d
stick with her was quite understandable, but that didn’t abate his
embarrassment over it. He also realized a cold stare was being directed at
him from the side.
“Jillbert-san, is something the matter?”
“Hey, are you, ya know, that pedophile that we’ve been hearing about on
the streets lately?”
“No, you’re wrong, I’m not really...”
Trying to explain himself, Suimei pushed Lefille away for the moment.
And as if she was looking at something filthy, Jillbert took a step back like
she was ready to run away.

“Stay back. And get away from Lefille. And keep more than five meters
away from me. And don’t get a damn bit closer, ya hear?”
“Please listen to people when they talk. It’s a misunderstanding...”
“Guys who say stuff like that are often secretly evil, ya know.”
“That’s enough of that... Anyways, I had one more request.”
“Hmm... Aah, yeah, it’s over there. This here place has one. Follow me.”
As Suimei changed the subject, Jillbert made a somewhat curt reply and
showed the two of them to a room further into the house.
“Suimei-kun, what is Jillbert talking about?”
“Oh, that? A bathroom.”
“A bathroom?! Does this house have a place to take baths?!”
Lefille questioned him in an excited voice, but it was Jillbert that turned
around and answered her in Suimei’s stead.
“Of course it does. This is the imperial capital, ya know. Of course
houses here have baths. That should go without saying.”
Again, she was essentially bragging. But the moment she got the
confirmation she wanted, Lefille ran over towards Jillbert as if she was
flying. Suimei followed after them, and they arrived at a bathroom
constructed out of cleanly polished stones and gypsum. Inside the room,
what appeared to be a brand new wooden bathtub had been set up. Slapping
it heartily, Jillbert went back to bragging.
“Innit a fine specimen?”
“Waaah...”
By the time Suimei caught up, Lefille was already looking at the bathtub
with sparkling eyes. The Kingdom of Astel had virtually no bathing culture,
so until recently, they’d had to make do using stiff, steamed cloth to give
themselves sponge baths. As a native of Noshias, which had the same
bathing customs as the Empire, Lefille had been particularly affected during
her stay in Astel. This was actually one of the reasons Lefille badgered
Suimei to get to the capital so quickly, and in that regard, Suimei agreed. He
was also quite fed up with the lack of bathing after being summoned to
another world, and he absolutely wanted a bathroom with a bathtub in the
house that would serve as his base no matter what.
So as a girl who knew the importance of bathing, of course Lefille was
delighted. Losing sight of herself in the excitement, however...
“Suimei-kun! It’s somewhere to take a bath! Somewhere to take a bath

—can you believe it?! Let’s get in right away!”
She was in such high spirits that her usual serious demeanor was
nowhere to be seen. She was acting nothing like her ordinarily refined self.
“We need to clean the rooms and get all sorts of things ready first, so
it’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”
“Ah... Yes, you’re right.”
Hearing that she wouldn’t be able to get in today, Lefille lost all her
steam and her shoulders drooped dejectedly. And once more, Suimei felt a
cold stare fall upon him. As expected, it was coming from Jillbert.
“...What is it? Why are you looking at me like I’m the plague?”
“It’s just like I thought, punk. You’re really that pedophile, aincha?”
“I don’t recall saying anything perverted in that conversation, and
certainly nothing that would give you that impression.”
“Missy’s talking about getting in the bath, and it sounds like she means
together, don’t she?”
“Y-Y-You’re wrong! P-Perhaps my wording may have been misleading,
but that was absolutely not my intent.”
“See? That’s how it is. I’m not entering the bath together with Lefille.”
Suimei stated his case flatly, but for some reason, Lefille turned towards
him with an anxious expression.
“Suimei-kun, d-do you hate the idea... of taking a bath with me?”
“Wha? Lefille, what the hell are—”
“Well, do you...?”
“Huh? No, that’s, um...”
“Hey, the hell are ya stuttering about there, you pedophile? You damn
enemy of female dwarves...”
“L-L-Like I’ve been saying, y-you’ve got it wrong...”
Suimei seemed unable to articulate himself well, and it seemed more
and more like this wasn’t going to go in his favor. Now that Jillbert thought
he was a pedophile, he felt trapped. No matter what he did, she wasn’t
going to let it go.
“Hahh...”
Under Jillbert’s harsh gaze, Suimei let out a heavy sigh.
However, now that Suimei was about to get his hands on a house to use
as a base, he would finally be able to get started on properly researching the
hero summoning magicka circle. A base was the first real step to any

serious magicka study. Without a dedicated space for research, nothing
would get done. He would still have to make his magicka items by hand
from scratch, but if he made a room where he could perform various rituals,
his research should proceed relatively swiftly.
“Hey, pedophile, didn’t I tell ya not to get any closer? You got ears
attached to that head of yours or what?”
“Give it a fucking rest already, you legal delinquent loli! I’ve been
saying I’m not a goddamn pedophile this whole time, haven’t I?!”
And in the end, somehow or other, Suimei ended up on good terms with
Jillbert in the sense that they certainly didn’t hold back with each other.
★
Kurant City. Blessed with underground water from the mountain range
to the north, it was one of the easier places to live within the Kingdom of
Astel, even in regards to climate. If it had a drawback, it was that its
proximity to the national border was a risk. Even in the war a hundred years
ago, it was a highly contested battleground.
But at the same time, the city had developed exactly because it lay
directly on the main highway between the Empire and the Alliance, so it
had benefited significantly from trade in the area. The royal capital of Metel
was esteemed for its refined sense of old customs, but Kurant City was so
beautifully well maintained that it was easy to mistake as more developed
than Metel. The citizens lived quite well there.
The city itself was well defended, and the new discovery of magic-
resistant materials was being used to improve those defenses even more.
The city’s ramparts and military installations were being reinforced to help
keep the Empire in check. In an emergency, Kurant City served as the
secondary defense line for the Kingdom of Astel right after the border
fortress.
And Kurant City, being both commercial and fortified, was where Reiji
and his cohorts presently were. After defeating Rajas, they were invited
there by Hadorious, and immediately participated in a parade for their
triumphant return upon arrival. The people of the city extolled Reiji’s
achievement in exterminating a demon army, falsified though it was.
After several hectic days passed, they were now staying at an inn within

Kurant City. For exceptional guests like the princess and the hero, it was
common for them to stay at the duke’s mansion, but they had instead
accepted accommodations at a local inn at Titania’s request. Even if
Hadorious was an ally, his company and his kindness weren’t things to be
accepted at face value. Titania personally still felt uncomfortable around
him.
Relaxing in the inn, Reiji, Mizuki, and Titania were sitting on sofas as
they faced each other in a circle. After gulping down a few sips of the rose
water that had been prepared for them, Mizuki let out a rose-scented sigh at
finally being able to take a breather.
“The parade... was amazing, huh?”
“You’re right. It was probably even more expensive than the one we had
in Metel.”
Reiji agreed with Mizuki there. The parade to celebrate Reiji’s
triumphant return lasted three whole days. Even though the parade they’d
had in Metel to commemorate their departure had been quite grand, this one
had lasted three days. It was grander than grand. Mizuki nonchalantly
reflected on what that meant as she looked out the window with a pensive
gaze.
“I was thinking about it during the parade, but Kurant City is pretty
affluent, huh? But this is all land that man governs...”
“Duke Hadorious is a grand noble who governs over a large amount of
territory, including Kurant City. Considering his authority, assets, and
military power, there is likely no noble within Astel who could be
considered superior to him short of the royal family.”
It was Titania that responded to Mizuki, explaining Hadorious’s
situation in more detail. He governed over a city that prided itself on being
second to the royal capital in terms of size. The power to contend with a
demon general, the assets to hold a lavishly grand parade, and the authority
to carry it out... From what they’d learned of Hadorious in the past few
days, they’d come to learn what he was truly capable of. His severe
personality seemed to make a bit more sense in light of it all.
“But still, even if we all did well, it wasn’t like I was the one who really
did it...”
Rajas had been defeated at the hands of everyone’s power. Reiji knew
taking credit for it all was unmerited.

“Regarding that matter... My apologies. However, for our country,
making it out to be the hero’s achievement is advantageous.”
“Yeah, I get it.”
The reason Hadorious had suggested it in the first place was naturally to
inspire the people and give them reason to think the demons were
weakening. Titania understood that well, which is why she approved of
such a grand parade to celebrate the achievement. Reiji knew all that, but
felt what he’d accomplished himself in reality was insignificant. Snatching
the benefits up like a hyena didn’t sit well with him. Reflecting on all this,
Mizuki spoke up in a sullen tone.
“It’s quite a common story, isn’t it? For someone to use the
achievements of another, or to make use of anything for their own benefit...
It just sounds like something a noble would do. But, like I thought, this
involves politics with the other countries too, doesn’t it?”
