they walked the straight and narrow that way, and clung to it as if it were
the only way. And so their faith hung over them like the sword of
Damocles.
Of course, there were those who lived pure and beautiful lives with their
strong sense of faith and values, but obstinacy in those things could have
detrimental effects. Forcing yourself to live one way when you want to live
another can tear someone apart. And if things kept going like this...
“So are you gonna meet up with this hero from El Something or what?”
“D-Do I even have to say it?! It’s obvious that I don’t want to!”
“It’s obvious, huh? Well, if that’s the case, then that’s all the more reason
you shouldn’t just drop everything and do what they want you to, right...?”
In the end, Suimei cared about what Lefille wanted to do for herself.
And even though she stubbornly, dejectedly declared that she didn’t want to
go through with it...
“That in and of itself would be making slight of the Goddess’s words,
and if something were to happen because of it, I...”
She didn’t want that to happen either. Swallowed by waves of self-

condemnation, she was unable to act according to her own will. Suimei
didn’t think that was right. He thought she should be able to do what she
wanted, rather than be bound by what some goddess said.
“Got it. I’ll do something about it.”
“What? What do you mean you’ll do something about it?”
“Just what I said. If you don’t want to go along, then just don’t go along.
And if you’re told to, then I’ll pull you back. And if anybody says anything,
I’ll do something about it. You should be allowed to follow your heart,
right?”
Even if she couldn’t bring herself to willfully act against the order, that
didn’t mean she had to follow it. And Suimei was willing to do his part as
her partner. Even if it wasn’t what Lefille had intended, if he was the one
who held her back, then it was no reflection on her faith if she couldn’t
complete the divine quest she’d unwillingly been assigned. And now that
she understood what he meant, an entirely different anxiety filled her.
“Y-You can’t! That would be defying the Goddess, Suimei-kun! If you
do such a thing, you’ll...”
“Like I care. It’s not like I worship this goddess of yours anyways.
Come heaven, hell, Eden, or Hades, you think I give a crap? Besides,
magicians are just the type to pick a fight against everything in the world,
even higher powers, in the quest to become omnipotent. We’re practically
all people who just spit at the heavens.”
“But even so, if you provoke the wrath of the Goddess...”
“Yeah, I don’t really mind. There’re tons of guys all over the globe who
disobey their gods. And yet the world still goes round. Thinking that you
can’t live if you oppose the goddess is putting a little too much faith in the
system, I’m telling ya.”
“Even so, even so... If something were to happen...”
Lefille looked up at Suimei with desperate eyes. In response, he closed
one eye and scoffed as if to say, “So what if it did?”
“Even so. If they were to stand in my way, then it just means I have to
brush them aside, and I’ll proceed onward like I always do. Be it Goddess
or Evil God, it doesn’t matter to me... Hmph. If a being that can only
intervene from the astral plane wants to try playing their hand, then they
should just fucking try it. Like I’m going to lose to some idiot who couldn’t
finish off the Evil God on their own and can only pass down orders from on

high.”
“Y-You’re talking about an almighty being here, you know? No matter
how strong you are, it would never...”
“Even so, that’s what I’m aiming for. And if I back down from that, I
can’t call myself a magician.”
The people that Suimei wanted to protect, he wanted to protect from
anything and everything. That was the drive he had within him. And to
answer to that, he’d become a magician. He wouldn’t stand for denying it.
He would stake his eye on it. And having caught a glimpse of Suimei’s
resolve...
“Ah... Mm, thanks...”
“Wha...? Y-Yeah.”
Averting her eyes, Lefille thanked him while fidgeting. Suimei turned
bashful at the sight of her... but only for an instant.
“Ooh, so you made it!”
A lively voice interrupted the sweet atmosphere that had developed
between Suimei and Lefille. Looking to its source, they saw a girl with
bright blue hair dressed in clothes that were easy to move in. She had large,
round eyes and a somewhat cute face. She had what appeared to be a tattoo
running down from her cheek to the back of her neck. At a glance, she
seemed quite lively.
However, she was small. She was short in stature, had a small chest...
Everything about her was small. At a glance, she was approximately the
same as Lefille.
Another little girl, huh? I mean, Lefille isn’t really a little girl, but still...
After what had happened at the checkpoint, Suimei was starting to feel
like he was meeting nothing but little girls. That sentiment manifested in
Suimei’s tense gaze as he assessed the new arrival, and the girl blatantly
strained her face as if she saw something disgusting in return.
“What’s your problem? I’m not sure I like the way you’re looking at
me.”
“No, sorry. I’ve been seeing nothing but children lately, so it was
something of a reflex.”
“Ch-Children?! Are ya talking about me?”
“I am... What about it?”
When he declared that, the girl’s eyes suddenly narrowed menacingly.

Then, with a threatening tone no one would have imagined coming from her
cute face, she got aggressive.
“From the looks of it, boy, you’re plenty younger than me. You got some
nerve to say that kinda crap, doncha?”
“Huh? Boy?”
“Yeah, boy. You look just like a wee thing that just got outta Salvation
School.”
What was this girl talking about? From the sound of it, she was upset
because Suimei was treating her like she was much younger than she
actually was. But she certainly did look young. Was she altering her
appearance to look young again like one of those senile magicians? As
Suimei pondered all this, Lefille seemed to arrive at some sort of
understanding. She clapped her hands together and spoke in an excited tone.
“Could it be that you’re a dwarf?!”
“Yeah, that’s right. I’m the genuine article, both my old man and my ma
are dwarves. Purebred right here.”
“Wha...”
“You sounded like you came to see us when you got here, which
means...”
“Indeed, indeed! It’s just as you guessed, missy. I’m the one who
supervises this place, Jillbert Griga.”
“Ummm... I’m completely outta the loop here.”
“What’s that?”
Having been left behind as the conversation progressed, Suimei looked
troubled. The girl—Jillbert Griga—was still glaring at him like she was
ready to square up, however. It completely spoiled her cute face.
“Hahh... What’s with you? This kid’s sharp as a tack, but you’re a slow
one, aincha?”
“Slow? Listen here, you...”
Suimei was offended, of course, but still taken aback enough that all he
could really do was convey his dissatisfaction with an exasperated
expression. Why’d she have to go that far? Lefille had called her a dwarf, so
he could pretty much guess why she was offended, but...
“That’s not it. He’s just never seen a dwarf before.”
“Hmh? Aah, s’that so? Well, in that case, guess there’s no helping a
misunderstanding, huh?”

“...This is a super rude question, but how old are you?”
“Me? I’ll be twenty-one this year.”
“You’re really older than me, huh...? I mean, of course you are.”
“That’s right. To immediately fix your tone like that, boy, you look
kinda stupid, but you do got your act together, doncha? Seems you know
your manners after all. Good, good.”
Jillbert, both hands on her hips, took a cocky tone with Suimei. Lefille
patted her on the shoulder and told her she was fine just the way she was.
Dwarves. According to Norse mythology, they were categorized as a
type of fairy who lived in the underground world. They were essentially the
opposite of the beautiful fairies of the same origin, the alfar or elves, and
were a subhuman existence with blackish, hideous bodies referred to as
dvergar or dark elves. According to the tales, they excelled in smithing and
craftsmanship, and created tools that could rival the power of the gods. At
times they would quarrel with the gods, and at others, cooperate with them.
They were creatures depicted in all manner of ways and in all sorts of
stories. From the folklore that stemmed from there, they were modeled after
gentle or mischievous little people.
Something like a beard... Well, the tattoo kinda looks like one, and she’s
pretty petite. But why is it that age and beauty have completely no
connection...?
Not much would come from trying to decipher it. This was a different
world, which likely meant that all bets were off. But Suimei aside, it
seemed that Jillbert had taken a liking to Lefille, and the two of them were
getting engrossed in chatting about clothes and other such topics. He was
sorry to interrupt while they were having fun, but Suimei wanted to get
things moving.
“Excuse me, but would you mind introducing us to the house now?”
“Hmm? Aah, now that you mention it, you’re right. You came to see the
place, dincha? Plum slipped my mind.”
“H-Hey, that’s the whole reason we’re here.”
“Don’t worry ’bout it. It’s lame for a man to worry ’bout such minor
details, ya know? So impatient... You a virgin?”
“Ugh...”
The lips on her cute face were curled up into a broad, biting grin. Truly a
dvergar. Just as insolent as the legends stated. She sure could let her mouth

run.
Jillbert walked off with a bounding stride, and when they followed,
Suimei and Lefille were guided to a somewhat large, detached house
interposed between several housing complexes.
“Just as requested, it’s quite spacious, innit?”
“Hmm...”
Suimei began inspecting the place, peering in the entrance and raising
his eyes to the ceiling. The inside was made of wood, and it appeared to
have been a while since the place was last occupied. The pillars and joists
used seemed to be rather large, and the construction of the building itself
was quite solid. Perhaps that was to be expected from the Empire where
water and sewage services were all in order, and Suimei certainly had no
objections to a readily available water supply.
The three of them briefly looked around the rooms, and as they returned
to the corridor back at the entrance, Jillbert spoke up in a somewhat
expectant voice.
“Watcha think?”
“It isn’t bad. It meets all our requirements, and it’s actually much better
than I was expecting.”
“Of course it is. It’s one of my properties, ya know? Ain’t a single thing
wrong with it.”
Saying that, Jillbert thrust out her petite chest and once more took on her
cocky attitude. Lefille, however, dropped her gaze to the floor and spoke in
a somewhat distant voice.
“Suimei-kun, I’m glad you chose such a nice place...”
“Hmm?”
She was giving her blessing, but something wasn’t right. It was like she
was talking about somebody else’s affairs entirely. As Suimei puzzled over
the subtleties of her heart that made her talk like that, she continued to
speak in the same unnatural way.
“N-Next is where I’ll be living...”
“Huh...? Where you’ll be living?”
“That’s right. You’ve found a place, so I need to do the same.”
“Why? What about here? Since it’s so spacious, can’t we just live
