closing in on Mizuki and Luka in the blink of an eye. In a flash, the white
flames scattered into the sky, and just like that, the demons were burned to
ashes.

“...Huh?”
“Impossible! This magic is...!”
Reiji and Titania’s voices rang out in surprise and realization. And as
they grasped what exactly that white fire was and what it signified, they
could hear the sound of hooves trampling across the ground from some
distance behind them. Someone was approaching on horseback at an unreal
speed. It seemed they’d even cast magic on their horse. They were closing
in with the speed of a meteor. And when the person in question came into
view, Titania shouted out with joy.
“White Flame-dono!”
Yes, rushing towards them on horseback was the young court mage in a
pure white robe who had summoned Reiji and the others to this world,
Felmenia Stingray. Reiji then turned towards her and called out as well.
“Sensei?! Why are you here?!”
“Hero-dono! Save the talk for later! The remaining demons come first!”
“R-Right!”
Felmenia brought him to his senses, and Reiji immediately turned his
horse around and cut through to the remaining demons. Hadorious also cut
down another one from horseback, then began to shout to his men once
more.
“Mages, prepare to fire magic once more!”
His heroic command resounded over the field. Under his orders, the
soldiers were able to rally and corner the demons. And with the magic that
the mages had prepared, the demons were annihilated. Because multiple
magics had all gone off at once, dust, dirt, smoke, and steam were all kicked
up into the air, obscuring everyone’s vision. But even so, it was clear there
were no longer any remaining demons in the vicinity. Even with
compromised visibility, the demons’ presence had been completely
eliminated. And so Felmenia dismounted from her horse, and drew closer
while leading it along.
“Your Highness, as well as Reiji-dono and Mizuki-dono... It is good to
see you all again.”
Titania gave a satisfied nod, and Reiji and Mizuki returned Felmenia’s
greeting.
“It’s good to see you again, Sensei.”
“Felmenia-san, thank you so very much. You saved me.”

“I’m grateful I just happened to be passing by.”
Saying that, Felmenia gently caressed Mizuki’s hand. Mizuki gave her a
bright, endearing, and grateful smile. Felmenia then turned towards
Hadorious, and after exchanging a few scarce words with him as well, she
bowed her head. They seemed to be acquainted. Though she displayed
neither affection nor the disgust that Titania had shown, she finished her
greetings with him in a businesslike manner. She then turned to Titania
again, who offered her gratitude.
“White Flame-dono, I thank you greatly for your assistance. But
whatever are you doing here?”
“That’s right. If I am not mistaken, were you not relieved of your post as
a court mage by His Majesty?”
When Hadorious added himself into the conversation, Felmenia pointed
a meek expression back to him.
“Your Grace, currently in lieu of my duties as a court mage, I am
performing a special duty at His Majesty’s behest.”
“A royal command, is it...?”
Reiji was surprised to hear she was no longer serving as a court mage.
But if King Almadious had given her an order, then...
“Could it be you came to help us?”
“What? Oh, no, I’m afraid that’s not the case...”
“Then what is it?”
“Um, that is to say... there are certain unavoidable circumstances, so...”
“White Flame-dono, what is the matter?
Titania urged her on, but Felmenia was hesitating to speak like it was
difficult to do so. She was inexplicably on edge. Reiji couldn’t tell what
was wrong with her. Was her royal command something that was hard to
speak of in front of the princess? Well, if the order had come from the king
himself, then that was completely possible.
And while they were in the midst of trying to get to the bottom of
Felmenia’s appearance, a single soldier came running over while panting.
“R-Reporting!”
Were there still demons in the area? That didn’t seem likely. A soldier
who arrived to deliver a report had come from the forest they’d all just
emerged from. There were no demons that way. And so, Hadorious
questioned the soldier.

“What is it?”
“F-From the Empire! Her Imperial Highness Third Princess Graziella
Filas Rieseld is leading a single company and broke through the border!”
It was a notice of an emergency. Despite gasping for air, the soldier
managed to deliver his report. In response, Titania’s expression suddenly
changed to one of utter shock.
“Wha?! Her Imperial Highness Graziella?!”
“Yes, Your Highness! Her Imperial Highness ignored the stationed
troops who tried to stop her and forcefully broke through Astel’s border.
She has already passed Kurant City, and is headed this way at a terrifying
pace!”
“No way... Why?”
“...I do believe that much is self-evident, Twilight-dono.”
At that point in the conversation, an unfamiliar voice cut in. Titania
turned around in surprise. Just beyond the dust and smoke that had finally
started to clear, a woman appeared.
★
“Reiji-kun! Another unknown person popped up! What do we do?!”
“Yeah, I don’t know that this is something we can do anything about...”
The two of them were likely powerless in this situation. Mizuki was
clearly alarmed, and Reiji tried to calm her down.
Before their eyes was a woman straddled atop a horse. She spoke with a
voice that implied it was meaningless to challenge her. The clearing smoke
revealed she was wearing a luxurious military uniform and a coat draped
over her shoulders. With wavy, long, blonde hair and a fearless smile on her
face, she naturally looked like she was born to reign over others. She simply
gave off that kind of commanding air. This woman, along with her
comrades or subordinates, were all dressed in similar uniforms. However,
what was concerning was...
“They’re riding horses, but nobody noticed them coming...?”
Just like Reiji’s group, this woman and her comrades were riding horses.
There was no denying that, but not one person had heard the sound of
approaching hooves. With so many of them and at this distance, it should
have been obvious. Yet no one had heard a thing. That should have been

absolutely impossible. And perhaps because she heard Reiji mutter such
doubts to himself, Felmenia provided him with the answer.
“Reiji-dono, this woman is the Nelferian Empire’s third imperial
princess, Her Highness Graziella Filas Rieseld. Her Highness is also known
as the Geo Malifex, the strongest mage who uses the earth attribute,
throughout the Empire. Something like disguising the sound of horses
running is likely but a trifle to her.”
“But why do that?”
“That much, I do not know. Based on the situation, it does not appear
that their purpose is to harm us, but...”
Both Reiji and Felmenia knitted their brows over Graziella’s arrival. As
they watched, Titania drew nearer to Graziella with a still stern expression
on her face.
“It has been a long time, Your Imperial Highness.”
“A long time indeed, Your Royal Highness. It’s good that you appear to
be in good health.”
Even while both girls sounded angry, Titania stayed polite. And in
contrast, Graziella maintained her commanding attitude. Somewhat incited
by that, Titania grew a bit critical.
“You said your reason for being here was self-evident, Your Highness,
but don’t you have something to say for yourself?”
“Oh? Something to say? I don’t have the slightest clue. Is there
something I should?”
“Tch... Even if we are allied nations, to cross the national border without
any notice, much less with armed forces, is quite an offense, is it not? Do
you have some sort of explanation for your aberrant behavior?”
Graziella met Titania’s stern gaze with laughter.
“Certainly it would ordinarily warrant an apology, but do you have any
room to talk?”
“...What do you mean?”
“I do not believe the matter is so complicated that you cannot
understand without me saying it.”
The gazes of the imperial and royal princesses clashed. After a few tense
moments, Graziella scoffed at her.
“A large army of demons appeared within your territory, you know? And
considering your obligation to worry about the damage that could be done

to adjacent territories, to not even offer a single word of warning to us, your
neighbors... And you call yourself an allied country?”
“That’s... The advance of the demons was too fast. We simply hadn’t
been able to communicate the information yet.”
“Is that so? Your preparations against the demons seem to be quite in
order. And you and Astel’s hero are supposed to be in our country, are you
not? Yet you’re spouting excuses about not being able to inform us. My, the
Kingdom of Astel’s dear princess dons quite the mask, I see.”
“Urgh...”
Titania grimaced as if she found all this mortifying. As if seeing that
improved her mood, Graziella laughed scornfully in delight.
“And that’s all not to mention that you were in our country on your way
to defeating the Demon Lord. You should’ve had no way to hear news of
home, so I wonder...”
“You’ll ask us to stay quiet on this matter. However, Your Highness,
there is no justifiable reason for you to enter our country without notice like
this.”
“We came running over to provide reinforcements upon hearing of the
crisis in an allied nation. Under such circumstances, is that not a justifiable
reason? I won’t let you say this kind of thing is unheard of.”
Graziella spoke in an even more oppressive way than before. She flatly
claimed that they had approached unnoticed to provide reinforcements in
the battle against the demons. Judging from the situation, that was likely the
case. But Titania was still unhappy. With a bitter look on her face, she
glared at Graziella.
“We will be formally protesting this matter at a later date.”
“Do as you like. However, as long as this matter involves the invasion of
demons, I do believe the Saadias Alliance and the Holy State would all be
in our side.”
Graziella made that bold declaration as if the matter hardly concerned
her. She brazenly ignored Titania’s threat altogether. Graziella then turned
towards Reiji. Her oppressive gaze, which felt like it pierced right through
him, inspected him from head to toe.
“Are you the summoned hero of Astel?”
“Yes.”
“My, how unsociable.”

“That’s just my nature.”
Saying that, Reiji lightly bowed his head. This was an opponent he
couldn’t give any opportunity. He felt that intuitively, and so he kept things
curt. Graziella laughed dryly like it wasn’t all that amusing, and then peered
at Reiji.
“You have quite the pretty face, I see.”
“What of it?”
“Nothing. It’s just that I don’t see even a single scar. I was merely
thinking that perhaps you had nothing to do with violence back in your own
world, you see. For a man who was summoned as a hero, that’s something
of a disappointment.”
Despite just meeting him for the first time, that was what she had to say.
Was she just that bold? She was vicious, near villainous. Titania upbraided
