moon—just which was the real her?
Casting her eyes down, she looked at the warped shadow on the rugged
rooftop. Somehow, it seemed to be flashing an evil grin. She knew that it
was nothing but a delusion, but it may have been precisely because of that
that her heart was restless.
The tall shadow who preached their goal, sometimes in a whisper, was
not with her right now. It seemed they had their own business to take care
of, so she was taking independent action today. In general they moved as a
unit of two, but it wasn’t all that rare for her to accomplish her goals on her
own like today. She didn’t have the support of the tall shadow, but because
she had experience participating in imperial military operations, she wasn’t
anxious. If anything, this job was a mere trifle. Her target was someone
hardly worth considering an opponent. The military police and the hero
were unable to find her. But she still had one lingering anxiety. If Suimei
Yakagi showed up like he did last time, things wouldn’t be so
straightforward.
“...”
Liliana recalled what happened that afternoon, and came to a stop atop a
roof. On Rogue’s order, she had made contact with Suimei Yakagi and
carelessly let him see her arm. Under her long gloves was the
transformation that progressed with every use of dark magic. Her horrid
hand and arm.
When he saw that, just what did he think? In the end, did he also think
she was a monster? Thinking back on it, aside from Rogue, he was probably
the first person who’d ever spoken to her kindly. Talking to him was the
most she’d ever conversed with anyone.
Descending from the roof, she removed her eyepatch and looked at her
reflection in a glass window lit up by the moon. What was reflected was her
face, her left eye, and one other thing... Something that no human should
have. A right eye that was just like that of a dragon. Her eyelid was covered
in small black scales, and her pupil that was standing vertically was long
and narrow. The portion of her eye that was supposed to be white was all

golden. Any who saw it would scorn her. A monster, they said. Even her
real parents were no exception.
If Suimei saw it, would he continue talking to her as he had been? He
was different from everyone she knew. He’d never raised a harsh word
against her. He was gentle. Suimei Yakagi. He could give off a rough and
tumble impression, but he was really just a busybody who smiled at her
gently.
When next they met, she would be happy for him to treat her the same
way. That would mean their current relationship could be maintained. And
that was exactly why she didn’t want him to look for the culprit. She didn’t
want him to search for her anymore. He might not be able to give up on
those important people to him, but all that meant was that if she were never
caught, there would be no winning or losing.
That’s why, here and now, she prayed he would not appear.
“Meeeaaow.”
“...”
Suddenly, as if cold water had been poured on her, a meow brought her
to her senses. There was a cat sitting atop a wall, all its attention focused on
her as it sat there with its tail wreathed around its body.
“Huh—?”
And that’s when she realized. There were a great many eyes in the
darkness around her. Yes, she was surrounded by the golden glinting of cat
eyes. She looked around. Cats. Cats. Cats. On top of walls, in the shadows
of buildings, on the rooftops, in the branches, on the brickwork sidewalk...
They were all over, just peering at her. Where had they come from? Just
how were they looking at her as she hid herself in such darkness? Just what
exactly was going on? Each and every one meowed at her. The eerie chorus
of so many cats and the glinting of their eyes oppressed the darkness in the
area.
But before long, the meows came to a sudden stop. When they did, the
first cat she’d seen opened its mouth. And though it opened its mouth wide
as if to meow once more, no sound came out. Instead it seemed to yawn,
and Liliana felt like she could hear its voice.
“...It couldn’t be!”
She recalled a similar encounter and came to a realization. That night
that Suimei Yakagi appeared... Back then too, she’d caught sight of several

cats. And she’d seen him collecting strays today. The stray cats of the
imperial capital, who avoided humans like the plague, were so docile with
him... She’d never even thought about what he was using them for.
She didn’t know what kind of wiles he’d used to enlist the support of
cats. It was possible he was using them as informants. But Suimei Yakagi
used magic that she didn’t know about. He was an opponent beyond the
norm.
“You people... No matter what, you deny the mysteries right before your
fucking eyes.”
Those words he’d spat out at the members of the Mage’s Guild came to
mind. And indeed, it was just as he said. The idea of impossibility was
nothing but shackles to a mage. So if she believed that the silent voice of
that cat had been calling out to him, if the cats were conveying her location
to him...
By the time she realized it, the cats had all dispersed. And in their stead,
beyond the gently sloping path that she turned around to, she could see the
silhouette of a human figure peeling away from the darkness. It wandered
over like it was leaving a dark violet afterimage in her eye. It was more
sinful than the darkness that she used. Something that only one who
obtained wisdom beyond knowledge could wield.
“So we meet again...”
The shadow that appeared—Suimei Yakagi—quietly spoke as he
approached. It was not the relaxed greeting that he would usually give, but a
tone that conveyed a sense of pity.
Liliana half gasped and half sighed. In the end, he hadn’t given up. Even
though she’d told him to, though in a roundabout way. Yes, today when they
met this afternoon, she’d told him that it was dangerous to get involved
with her. That he wouldn’t just get away with light wounds the next time.
“Sorry ’bout that. You went out of your way to warn me, and it was all
wasted effort.”
Hearing him say that, she felt like her thoughts were being read, and her
heart skipped a beat.
“Hey, you’re Liliana, right?”
And just as her heart settled down from the previous shock, that question
hit her. How did he know? She was never imprudent in hiding her identity.
However, his eyes were filled with conviction when he asked. Those eyes

said he wasn’t mistaken. That it would be useless to feign ignorance.
“How... did you find out?”
“You know, one way or another.”
And despite his ambivalent wording, his answer was direct and with no
hesitation. He followed up by asking her a question of his own.
“Why are you doing this kind of thing? Even if you’re part of a special
department that manipulates information, there’s no way causing these
incidents is part of your job as a soldier, right?”
“There’s no need... for me to tell you that. About why I’m doing this,
about myself... None of it concerns you. If you want to hear it no matter
what... then...”
With that, Liliana manifested the mana that she had been accumulating.
In an instant, the surroundings were dominated by dense mana. The brick
walls of buildings and the very road began bubbling as if exposed to
chemicals. She was prepared for battle. And he also seemed to know the
meaning of that.
“Ask by force, is it?”
Having discerned that answer, without responding to her mana, Suimei
Yakagi began speaking without hesitation once more.
“Even so, there’s something I want to tell you.”
“To quietly... get caught? Or that... what I’m doing is wrong?”
“No. Whether what you’re doing is right or wrong isn’t for me to judge.
If you don’t tell me whether the guys you cast magic on are bad, or whether
you’re bad, then ultimately I have no way of knowing, and whatever I have
to say about it wouldn’t be a reason to stop you.”
“Then...”
“But still, there’s something I don’t approve of. And that’s the magic
you’re using.”
“Dark magic...?”
“That’s right, Liliana. At the very least, stop using that magic. It’s
something humans should never touch for the sake of remaining human.”
“On what basis are...”
“If it’s a proper reason you’re after, I do have one. And if you want to
hear it, I’ll tell you.”
“You don’t have any right... to say that to me. I will just do... what it is
that I must. That’s why...”

Yes, that’s why... she would she strike him down here? To defend
herself, using the excuse that it was for that person’s sake, would she cast
dark magic on him again? Even though he wasn’t one of those nobles who
were her enemies?
“...Ugh.”
With all those thoughts spinning in her head, her chanting lips faltered.
Was this really okay? The dark whirlpool of doubt threatened to consume
her. But she’d already chosen her path and started to run down it. And until
she finished running down this path, or until somebody stopped her, there
was no going back.
“Oh Darkness. Thou art the fleeting black which paints this world far
and wide. Mix into magnificence, transform it all to sinisterness, and pluck
the sprouts of fate. Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron...”
After the chant, she hummed the savage names, and then let fly the
keywords of her spell.
“Transient Hope.”
Immediately following that, all the shadows and darkness of the night
coalesced in the form of swelling spheres. The many bubbles rising up in
the air began to blot out the townscape, the stars, and all the light. Though
they took irregular trajectories, they all flooded in unerringly towards
Suimei Yakagi. He watched the bubbles come for him without a hint of
impatience. He then calmly opened his mouth at the right moment.
“ΑΣΚΙ ΚΑΤΑΣΚΙ ΛΙΞ ΤΕΤΡΑΞ ΔΑΜΝΑΜΕΝΕΥΣ ΑΙΣΙΟΝ...”
He was then buried in the dark bubbles. Not even the moonlight could
reach him now.
So was that it? Out of all her dark magic, this was an especially
powerful spell. Against someone who’d been unable to block her spell last
time, this was something that he could never defend against. And when the
bubbles of darkness scattered, he would be left there on the ground, covered
in countless wounds, his entire body blackened for eternity. All he would be
able to do was to eventually lay down life’s burden while trembling. Yes,
without a doubt.
“...Stupid.”
Was that intended for him, or for herself? That small curse with an
unknown destination vanished into the darkness. This outcome was
naturally not what she really wanted. However, she had no choice but to

unleash a fierce attack like that. If her opponent was unwilling to yield to
her, she had to make him submit. However even so, the remnants of regret
that lingered in her heart pierced her chest. Suimei might have been the first
friend she’d ever made. But in the end, that feeling vanished into the black
bubbles.
“So... stupid...”
Before long, the magic was welcoming its end. The propagation of the
dark bubbles came to a sudden stop, and they began dissipating into the
darkness from whence they’d come. However, as the darkness broke apart,
the figure of Suimei Yakagi collapsed on the laid out bricks... wasn’t what
she saw.
“Ah...”
The first thing she saw was a brilliant magic circle firing off a white
light. Filled with unfamiliar crests and words, it was beautifully drawn. Had
it protected its owner from the darkness that was supposed to strike him
down? Above it was a space without a single shadow or cloud illuminated
by the moonlight. And just as Liliana thought that she heard the delightful
sound of fingers snapping, the remaining dark bubbles rose into the sky as
if blown away by that shock wave.
