“And so, Menia’s room will be...”

“Wha—?!”
Lefille once more raised her voice in abject surprise as she pointed a
trembling finger at Suimei. Had she seen a ghost? Her shocked expression
would have made it easy to believe. Just what was going on with her?
Suimei gave her a puzzled look.
“What’s up?”
“What did you just say, Suimei-kun?!”
“...What’s up?”
“Before that!”
“Before that? I was talking about Menia’s room.”
He couldn’t imagine what in that had shocked her. She looked like she
was on the verge of crisis. However, she managed to calm herself, clear her
throat out in a way that didn’t suit her small body, and start over with her
inquiry.
“Suimei-kun. Do you, um... often refer to her in that way?”
“Yeah?”
Still perplexed, Suimei answered her honestly, and Lefille’s countenance
turned bitter.
“Really...? Tch.”
“Is something wrong with that?”
“S-Something? No, everything! All of it!”
A yell came back in response to Suimei’s question. Even though it
wasn’t like she was doing intense exercise, she was gasping like she was
out of breath. Lefille looked like she was at her wit’s end. But once again,
she calmed herself, and then seemed to contemplate something for a spell.
She paced like a detective or sleuth from a crime drama working out a
mystery. Eventually seeming to arrive at an answer, she raised her face with
a snap.
“Alright, Suimei-kun, from today on, please call me Lefi.”
“Huh, what? Why?”
“It doesn’t matter! Starting today, you will also call me by my pet name!
Got it? Starting this very moment, effective immediately, you’ll call me
Lefi!”
She thrust out her index finger emphatically towards Suimei.
Overpowered by her intense presence like a fierce god’s, despite faltering,
Suimei consented.

“O-Okay... That’s fine and all, but...”
“Then, um... Come on, Suimei-kun.”
She looked at him with expectant eyes as if commanding him to say it.
“U-Uh... Lefi?”
“...”
“Hey, what’s wrong?”
“Mm... Alright, not bad. Actually, it’s pretty good.”
With her eyes cast down as she said that, Lefille nodded repeatedly. And
when she raised her head, what Suimei could see was a completely satisfied
and unabashed look of joy. Meanwhile, having watched that exchange from
beginning to end, Felmenia looked like she was staring a hole through the
floor, and then looked up at the ceiling next. Just what was she thinking
about? The up and down process repeated for a bit, and then she seemed to
reach a conclusion on something.
“It couldn’t be...”
“This time it’s Menia...? What’s up?”
However, Felmenia didn’t reply to Suimei. Instead, she kneeled down to
Lefille’s eye level and put her hands on her shoulders.
“This sort of thing is no good. It is still too early for you.”
“I-It’s not too early! No, actually... Isn’t this a late start?!”
Though Suimei was lost as to what Felmenia was talking about, Lefille
seemed to understand. She began bawling as if Felmenia’s words were
devastating.
“I don’t really get what’s going on here, but... about the room
assignments...”
Watching the two girls sink deeper into their bog, Suimei tried to cut in.
Perhaps having remembered something, Felmenia vehemently turned
towards him.
“Come to think of it, there is something that I would like to ask you
about, Suimei-dono!”
★
“Hahh, like I thought, I didn’t finish him off. How pathetic...”
What Felmenia ended up asking him about was about the battle with
Rajas. She told the story of what happened, and they’d just finished going

over the details. Suimei twirled around his finger as he pushed it into his
temple.
“So Rajas is no more?”
“Yes. He took a strike from Reiji-dono, and after that, a pale lightning
burst out of his body. He was completely burned away by it and left not a
trace...”
“Yeah, that’s how that spell works.”
“No less from Suimei-dono, I’m sure.”
Felmenia reveled in admiration, but Suimei apologized for causing them
trouble. It was just as he’d suspected. However, for Rajas to also hold on
for nearly a week, he really was terrifyingly sturdy. Even if Suimei had
faced off against him without first taking on an army of ten thousand, he
probably wouldn’t have gotten by with ordinary means. While Suimei was
pondering that, Lefille was making a stern face in the seat next to him. She
then began muttering in a slightly angry voice.
“Lucas de Hadorious...”
Lefille repeated the name of the noble that Felmenia had spoken of. She
scoffed in irritation at the man in question who’d ensnared Suimei and the
trade corps just to buy time.
“So the reason those demons appeared in the first place is because of
that man...”
“Yes, I’m afraid. As a citizen of Astel, I offer my sincere apologies for
his actions.”
“No, it wasn’t your fault. It wasn’t Suimei’s, either.”
Lefille tried to encourage the two of them, who were both making bitter
expressions. Suimei then resolutely thrust out his fist.
“I’ll have to properly thank that son of a bitch later.”
“Indeed. I believe I will as well.”
Though still in her childlike body, Lefille had a terrifying presence about
her. The anger she felt towards Hadorious likely exceeded even Suimei’s.
She lost the first good friends she’d gotten close with since losing everyone.
That searing pain couldn’t be expressed in just words. And as she and
Suimei let the flames of retribution burn in their eyes, Felmenia took out
her baggage in a fluster. Just what was she up to?
“Also, I have something that I must show you, Suimei-dono.”
“Yeah?”

“Yes. Here, take this.”
With that, Felmenia presented an old tome to him. On its spine, “A
Study of the Hero Summoning Ritual and the History of the Summoned
Heroes” was scribed in stunning calligraphy.
“Where... did you get this?”
“While organizing documents before I left, I found it in the castle library
and brought it with me.”
“I see. I meant to look through there from top to bottom, but to think I
overlooked this...”
“I have not yet confirmed the contents myself, but how about it?”
“It’s a detailed report on the hero summoning ritual, and looks like
someone’s personal research on it.”
“Do you think it will be of use?”
“Yeah, looks like it’ll be a good reference. Thanks.”
“No, it’s hardly something you need thank me for...”
Though she said that, Felmenia looked both moved and extremely happy
that Suimei had thanked her personally. Looking at them from the side with
a somewhat envious expression, Lefille was sourly grumbling. She seemed
to think Felmenia had stolen a march on her. Since Suimei was engrossed in
the book, he didn’t see or hear any of this, which could only be said to be
karma.
As he continued to read, Lefille seemed to realize something and
changed her tone completely. She went from fuming to pouting, and asked
Suimei a question in a diffident manner as she hung her head low.
“Um... Suimei-kun... Like I thought, do you want to go back?”
“Well, yeah.”
While skimming the book without looking up, Suimei gave a half-aware
reply. He was almost completely absorbed in what he was reading.
“!”
“?!”
Both Felmenia and Lefille’s shoulders jumped up with a twitch. They
then both cast their eyes solemnly downward.
“As expected, I suppose...”
“Yes, that’s just how it is...”
“Huh? Uh... What’s with you two?”
Just what had come over the two girls? In the section of the room that

should have been bright thanks to the light from a magickal lamp, it looked
like someone had put up blackout curtains for a moment. But there was
nothing wrong with the lamp. When Suimei finally looked over, there was a
looming atmosphere of grief swirling in the room. It was as if an awfully
heavy weight was pushing down on the two girls so hard that he could
almost hear a dramatic sound effect to go with it.
“Nothing, it’s nothing...”
“Waaah... Z-Zuiemi-dono ith going awaaay...”
“H-Hey... Hey, you two!”
Suimei wouldn’t make it all the way through the book, because he now
had his hands full soothing his two housemates.
