“Be that as it may, let’s just say that I understand the gist of it. What
does this theory have to do with why I shrank?”
When Lefille asked that, Suimei closed his eyes for a moment before
speaking again.
“If you get that much, the rest should be simple. Let’s keep going with
the idea that the world as we know it is basically a drawing of reality.
Normal humans have a body and a soul, right? Our representations in that
drawing, you could say, depend on those. Either one of those components
being compromised is fatal—it erases us from the picture. But you have
something special. You have a third component because you have the power
of the spirits. That contributes to how you’re drawn in the pictures, but even
without it, you’d still have a body and a soul. Losing it isn’t going to kill
you, see? But that doesn’t mean depleting it doesn’t have an effect. With

that aspect of yourself missing, the way you’re drawn in the picture
changes, essentially.”
“So nothing about me has changed but the way I’m represented... That’s
what happened? Because I depleted the power of the spirits, there’s nothing
wrong with my body or soul, just my image... which has changed to reflect
the part of myself I’m missing?”
“I think that’s the short of it.”
Currently, without her spirit power, Lefille was essentially an incomplete
version of herself. She less accurately represented herself than usual, and
that had to manifest in some way. Nothing was wrong with her body,
however, so it wasn’t like an injury or change in her complexion would
better reflect her condition. No, instead she was unwillingly perceived as a
small girl. That was a much more cogent representation of what she was
like without her spirit power.
Being told all this, Lefille folded her arms while letting out a groan.
“To think you even have the knowledge to be able to clarify this... The
world you come from is quite an outrageous place, isn’t it? Well, it was
pretty outrageous to hear that you were summoned from another world in
the first place.”
“Yeah, bummer of the year for me, personally.”
Suimei spoke with a disheartened expression, and Lefille flashed a bitter
smile at his strange fate.
“To have that much power and not be the hero who saves the world is...
truly something.”
“I don’t think I’m that big of a deal.”
“Even after what you did?”
“All I did was beat the crap outta a bunch of small fries. That’s really not
something for a magician to brag about, I’m telling ya.”
“There are also mages in this world who subscribe to that sort of
sentiment, but fundamentally, I think your ideals are set too high.”
“My ideals, huh? Well, you may just have a point there...”
Suimei recalled the man who embodied those ideals in his mind.
Certainly, because he took after that man—his father—it very well may be
true that his desires and standards were above the norm. That was just how
much he strove to be like him. And perhaps having guessed what was on his
mind, Lefille tried to get him to talk about it some.

“If you don’t mind me asking, would your father have been able to do
the same thing?”
“Yeah, and then some.”
“Including Rajas?”
Suimei thought over that question carefully. If it had been his father, just
how would it have gone? Of course, that wasn’t a question of whether or
not he would win. Suimei was treating his father’s victory as a foregone
conclusion. Rajas was sturdy and robust, but even in a head-on
confrontation, Suimei’s father likely wouldn’t have even raised an eyebrow.
“He would’ve beat that guy in an instant with a single fist, no joke.”
“A... A single fist?!”
“Yeah.”
Lefille was staggered, but Suimei nodded to affirm what he’d said.
Though he was a magician, his father was largely wheelchair-bound
after a battle when he was younger. His legs were lame, but it wasn’t like
his muscles had atrophied. And though he certainly didn’t have a physique
that competed with Rajas’s, by mixing together the fighting techniques he’d
fostered since days past with magicka as a martial art, as long as it wasn’t
greatly troubling to do so, he had the temperament to charge straight into
things.
Indeed, when it came to combat, he boasted of dreadful skill. The
magicka that he fired, even from his wheelchair, was endless. And though it
was only for a few seconds, he would stand up from his wheelchair in a
grand display, close in on his opponent like he was slipping through a gap
in their consciousness, and using just the combat technique called the
Trembling Flash of Lightning, he would thrust out a righteous fist to pierce
through the dead center of his opponent, ashes to ashes. And then after
using it, without fail, he would gaze at his fist and say, “Heh, I see my fist
still hasn’t withered away.”
“Yeah, if it were him, he could pull something like that off. Putting it
frankly, his strength was ludicrous.”
Suimei was sure of it. If it were his father, he would intuit what was
effective against demons in an instant. Using modern magicka theory, he
would have been able to figure it out on the spot. Suimei, on the other hand,
not only had taken time to figure it out, the whole process had reduced him
to a collapsed heap of exhaustion. That wasn’t a statement of Suimei’s

weakness, however; it was a testament to his father’s strength. He was that
strong even with the lameness of his legs, so his unimpaired strength was
difficult to even fathom.
“He could defeat a demon general that easily...?”
“He really just might have, yeah. Seriously, how did he get that freaking
strong? Well, it’s not like I can ask him now...”
No, it was no longer possible for Suimei to ask how his father had come
to be that way. His father had died that day right in front of him. In the
middle of walking down his own path in life, he’d passed the torch on to
Suimei that day.
“How do I put it? I feel like there’s a preposterous gap between our
worlds.”
“Yeah, well... For starters, the progress of civilization here and there is
completely different. When technology advances, so does humanity, you
see? We get stronger. Not like you need to get any stronger, Lefille.”
“Is that sarcasm?”
“We are talking about the little lady who overpowered Rajas with a
single sword strike. If you’re not strong already, then what are you? You’ve
got a power that’s like the natural enemy of magicians. Seriously...”
That exasperation truly came from the depths of his heart, his honest
thoughts. Even in his world, Lefille’s telesma was exceptional. After
pausing for a moment on that thought, Suimei stared up at the blue sky as if
he intended to pierce through it with his gaze.
“One day, I want to be a magician on his level...”
★
While watching the large flow of people coming and going as they
continued down the road towards the imperial capital of Filas Philia, Suimei
and Lefille eventually arrived at the city gates. They stood in line for entry
inspection in order to officially enter the city. Annoyed by the midday sun
beating down on them, Suimei squinted as he looked around at the city
gates and walls. In the middle of that, he casually threw a question to
Lefille.
“This is a little late, but just what kind of place is this Nelferian
Empire?”

Lefille frowned like she was at a loss for words for a moment before
replying to his beyond eleventh-hour inquiry.
“A little late, indeed. We’ve been in the imperial territory for a while
now, you know? Don’t you already know what it’s like?”
“To me, everywhere feels the same. If I had to say what was different
from Astel, then it would just be that there’s more people and more stuff.”
Admitting that, Suimei shrugged his shoulders. Everything in this world
felt old and Western to him. As someone from modern Japan, it all felt
equally foreign. Lefille may have been able to grasp various differences
from the cheap inns and villages along the way, but from Suimei’s point of
view, everything in this world was so different to him that he was clueless
in that regard. Even looking around, all he could really tell was that people
were dressed a little differently.
“Didn’t you investigate it in Astel’s library?”
“All I have is book knowledge, so I’d like to hear your impressions.”
“My impressions of the Empire, huh?”
Lefille pondered Suimei’s request. He wanted the frank opinion of
someone from this world. Such firsthand information would likely be the
best basis for making any decisions. After a few pensive moments, perhaps
having arrived at an answer that she was satisfied with, Lefille nodded.
“Let’s see... If I were to describe the Nelferian Empire in a single phrase,
it’s a country with strong national power. Yeah.”
Suimei disappointedly slumped his shoulders and smiled wryly at such
an obvious statement.
“Y-Yeah, that was about what I gathered from my research...”
“I bet. Nelferia’s affluence is famous. Their military isn’t lacking,
either.”
“However, it doesn’t really feel all that much like an empire though.
What’s up with that?”
Suimei brought up the question that had really been on his mind. He
understood the word “empire” to describe a nation that ruled over many
races and countries with its might and clout. Successful empires were
usually in the habit of expanding, so he would have expected Nelferia to be
constantly putting pressure on neighboring nations, but unexpectedly, it
appeared to be in a friendly alliance with them.
Perhaps it was still appropriate to call the nation an empire since it ruled

over many different races and peoples, but something still didn’t feel right.
And in addition to that, to Suimei, just like the majority of the Japanese
people, the word “empire” brought to mind the established imperialism of
present day and historical Japan, but...
“That can’t be helped. It’s true that originally it was a powerful country
that annexed land from many of its neighbors, but after a war a hundred
years ago, the Empire lost a lot of its power and settled into the state it’s in
now.”
“Settled in, huh? So even though it was an ambitious nation, they
haven’t changed in a hundred years?”
“More or less. Nelferia was part of the alliance even back then, but after
the war, the other nations built up their militaries to rival Nelferia’s.”
“So even though they’ve recovered their national power, you’re saying it
would be difficult for them to pull anything like that again.”
“Mhm. And the biggest reason for that is likely largely because of the
hero summoning ritual.”
Hearing that unexpected phrase come out of Lefille’s mouth, Suimei
donned a somewhat befuddled expression.
“The hero summoning? What does the hero have to do with a war
between fellow human nations?”
“One was summoned during the war back then. A hero, that is.”
“Oh...?”
Hearing Lefille’s explanation, Suimei’s befuddlement only increased. If
he remembered correctly, the summoning of heroes was said to be
something that was only performed when the world was in danger. It was a
ritual only performed with the consent of a conference of the highest
agency held between the heads of states, the Mage’s Guild, and the Church
of Salvation. So why was a hero summoned over a fairly ordinary war?
While Suimei was making an odd face with his head cocked to the side,
Lefille answered his largely unasked question.
“It’s something that is widely passed down as legend. At the time, the
sovereign of the country that stood where the self-governed state of the
Saadias Alliance currently does suddenly declared a dictatorship, waged
war on the neighboring countries, and began the full-scale slaughter of
citizens.”
“Yeah, okay, wholesale slaughter is pretty extreme... Why did he do such

a thing?”
“Who knows? Those details were never passed down, so as far as I’m
aware, it was just because he was excessively indiscriminate, cruel, brutal,
