her for it.
“Your Imperial Highness, is that not going too far when speaking to the
hero who will save the world?”
“Hmph. All I did was speak my mind. Besides, I do not believe this
disastrous scene was authored solely by your hands.”
Putting all else aside, Graziella glared at Titania and asked about the real
matter at hand.
“So, there were demons, right? What happened here?”
“Indeed. Just what happened here, I wonder? I also do not know.”
“Hmm?”
In response to Titania’s blunt answer, Graziella furrowed her brow. Even
they didn’t know. Trying to explain the unknown was pointless, and with
Titania’s personal feelings thrown in the mix, she didn’t want to tell her
anything anyway. As expected, she hated to lose.
And while that was going on, Reiji got curious and took a peek at
Hadorious. Just why was he staying quiet after it had gone this far? Judging
from his character and position, he would try to get in a word or two with
Graziella. Yet he hadn’t offered a peep of protest. He’d been far too quiet
ever since Graziella showed up.
Did Reiji have the wrong idea about him after all? No, no matter how he
looked at it, something felt weird. As Reiji was stewing on that skepticism,
an irregularity suddenly swooped down on the group. Noticing a wave of
power, everyone present began looking around. That surging wave was a

mass of aggressive mana. Felmenia was the first to look up over the
horizon.
“That is...”
It seemed she’d determined its origin before anyone else. Her long silver
hair fluttered in the breeze as she glared at what was flying in at an
outrageous speed. Next to her, Hadorious finally spoke up.
“So there were still some remnants. However...”
“It’s stronger than the demons from before.”
The one who followed up after him was Reiji. Sensing the danger of the
current situation, he put himself on guard. The mana being let off by the
incoming demon was serious. It couldn’t even be compared to the demons
he’d fought before. And this powerful demon was headed straight for them.
Just like the others before it, the moment it found humans, it went after
them like they were a discovery that needed to be exterminated.
Everyone saw it now. Felt it. There was no need for anyone to announce
its presence. Before long, it dropped to the earth like a bolt of lightning, and
a loud boom erupted in front of Reiji and the others. A cloud of brown dust
scattered in all directions. It rolled over the area like a fog, obscuring
everyone’s vision again. The wave of mana that washed over them was like
a driving rain.
And before long, what came into view through the dust was an
enormous demon that surpassed two meters in height. It had a big frame,
rust-colored skin, and thick limbs. It was a devilish creature whose very
design seemed to suggest that power was everything.
“You damn humans... You already gathered your forces?”
“I-It’s huge...”
As that enormous frame glared over the group, someone muttered and
gulped, remarking about the demon’s size. Another trembling voice then
spoke up.
“Reiji-sama, be careful!”
“Yeah, I know, Tia.”
With Titania imploring him to keep vigilant, Reiji squinted as he
observed the demon closely. While it was flying in, he’d sensed
extraordinary power, but seeing it up close, the demon’s entire body was
battered. He was wounded all over, and his injuries seemed to be leaking a
faint, black, smoke-like aura. There was little energy in the demon’s

movements. It was plain to see that it was completely exhausted.
To put it in words, it was a mere shell of itself. It was like it had just
finished a fierce battle. No, there was no mistaking that’s what had
happened. This demon likely had fought in the battle that had taken place in
this field. That’s why it was weakened. However, even so, the amount of
mana and the fighting spirit it still let out were enough to make it a
sufficiently formidable opponent for Reiji and the others as they were now.
The first one to address the enormous demon was Hadorious.
“Bastard, you’re no mere normal demon, are you?”
“That’s right... I am Rajas, one of the demon generals of the demon
army...”
Hearing Rajas identify himself, Titania and Graziella both voiced their
surprise in their own way.
“A demon general, you say...?!”
“I see. So you’re not just all size, it seems.”
As the soldiers began to stir and whisper, Hadorious once more
addressed the demon while vigilantly keeping an eye on him.
“It seems that you have been done in quite considerably. What did you
bastards fight here?”
“Shut up. That has nothing to do with you...”
Rajas cut down Hadorious’s question as if it was simply annoying. In
addition to the pain and anguish in his voice, there was a distinguishable
tone of indignation. But even as he spoke, Rajas prepared himself for battle.
He seemed intent on attacking. Everyone present steeled themselves as
well, having already drawn their weapons. Reiji, however, took a somewhat
different approach. Face to face with a demon general for the first time,
there was something he wanted to know.
“I have something I want to ask.”
“And what’s that, puny human?”
“Why do all of you attack humans?”
Yes, he wanted to know the reason demons attacked humans. He wanted
to know why. Rajas’s face twisted with a puzzled expression, and then he
spat his answer.
“Hmph. Isn’t that obvious? The order that you bastards create is an
eyesore. That’s why we’ll kill you humans and hunt you down to the last.”
“Order? Saying such a thing is an eyesore... You can’t just accept that

we live differently?”
“No. You damn humans endlessly crop up and spread out like maggots.
And when you all act together to do something, there’s nothing more
irritating than that to us. That’s why you must be exterminated.”
“But aren’t humans and demons both living beings all the same? What
meaning is there in killing each other for such a reason?”
“Meaning?”
“That’s right.”
What he was really getting at was the right and wrong of the conflict.
Reiji had no intention of just glossing over that. The idea that conflict was
avoidable as long as two people could talk to and understand each other was
a fool’s dream. Reiji had seen that fail time and time again in his own
world.
But as long as there wasn’t a reason that two people were doomed to
fight no matter what, he believed that peace was the better way. He didn’t
expect enemies to hold hands, but as long as they could mutually coexist
without bothering each other, that would be good enough.
Reiji could hear Titania fretting and an exasperated sigh from Graziella,
who was likely looking down on him. But no matter what they thought, he
wanted his answer. Rajas then turned a suspicious gaze on him.
“Could it be... you’re the damn hero?”
“And what if I am?”
“Heh... Heh heh, I see... I thought that might be the case when you
started spouting such pretentious and naive crap, but how convenient. With
this, I can accomplish my original goal.”
Despite being unable to hide his exhausted state, Rajas stoutheartedly
declared his intent to make a move. And seeing Rajas like that, perhaps in
ridicule, Graziella let out an astonished laugh.
“What’s that, demon? What about those injuries of yours, hmm?”
“Like I care. In any case, there’s no way I can shamelessly return like
this. To wipe away the disgrace of my failure, Hero, I’ll be taking your
damn head! I won’t lose to a mere human ever again!”
After unleashing an angry roar, Rajas once more began building up his
fighting spirit and mana. Reiji turned his sword on him. Hadorious did the
same, and the soldiers took up battle formations. Mizuki stepped to the
back, and Titania began readying her magic from the rear line. Perhaps

intending on working with her, Felmenia took her place next to Titania.
Meanwhile, seemingly intent on just observing, Graziella simply sat
atop her horse with folded arms. She wasn’t moving a muscle, much less
preparing for a fight. Perhaps because she was accustomed to the sight of
battle, her arrogant atmosphere did not crumble in the slightest.
“Hey, answer my—”
“I’m done with you and your damn questions, Hero!”
Rajas began to move. His towering frame closed in on Reiji with nimble
movements. He was moving at such a dreadful speed that the wind howled
around him.
“Hup!”
Matching up his speed, Reiji leaped into the air. With strength
unimaginable in his world, he rose up above Rajas, and then swung his
sword as he came down.
“HAAAAA!”
With a battle cry, he brought his blade down on Rajas’s fist. Enduring
the tingling shock that passed into his hand through the sword, Reiji poured
all his strength into his grip. To think that a single fist was enough to rival a
blow from both arms of a hero powered with the divine protection of the
hero summoning... If this was the demon in his exhausted state, then just
how powerful was he when he was in perfect shape?
While Reiji was still hanging in the air, Rajas used his other hand to
swing at him from the side. Judging that he’d take the hit in his current
position, Reiji relented on the strength he was pouring into the sword and
lowered his body to the ground as he landed. Changing the trajectory of his
hearty slap, however, Rajas brought his hand downward towards Reiji’s
head.
Reiji didn’t see it coming. There was no time. That he noticed it at all
was entirely due to the intuition born of his unnaturally sharpened senses.
Reiji went face down low to the ground, grabbed the earth with one hand,
and, leaving it to the strength in his arm, forcefully chucked his body to the
side. The hand that impacted the ground sent mud flying into the air as he
moved. So that it wouldn’t get into his eyes, Reiji covered his face using the
flat of his blade. Recovered and back on his feet mere moments later, Reiji
stepped forward to strike with his sword. When he did, Rajas vigorously
drove his foot into the earth.

“Uwah!”
The powerful shock wave shook the earth. Because it happened just as
Reiji stepped forward to attack, his balance was compromised. And then an
enormous ramming attack that could be mistaken for heavy machinery
came rushing at him.
Reiji judged that he wouldn’t be able to evade in time. So instead of
pointlessly trying to dodge, he held out his sword like a shield and braced
all the muscles in his body, resigning himself to the collision. Sent flying by
the impact, he had a vision of his entire body breaking to pieces as he
landed. When he did hit the ground, he was assaulted by a numbing pain
that ran screaming throughout his body. If not for the divine protection of
the hero summoning, he easily would’ve been reduced to a pulp.
Rajas had taken Reiji out so quickly that there wasn’t even an opening
for anyone else to offer support. And eventually, when his senses and the
regular passage of time returned to him, Reiji could hear Mizuki screaming.
“R-Reiji-kun!”
“...I’m alright, Mizuki. Don’t worry...”
An odd numbness was still lurking all over his body, but he endured it
and stood up. When he did, Rajas yelled out angrily.
“Is this the power of a hero?! Are you saying that this is what threatens
the ambitions of us demons?! Even for all your silly human delusions,
there’s a limit to impertinence! How dare you think you could defeat us
with this level of strength?!”
His shouting voice was colored with frustration and disappointment.
What spurned him to say those things? It was like he was comparing Reiji
to someone else. As Rajas moved to attack Reiji once more, Hadorious
stood in his way.
“Get out of my way!”
