Before long, as if she was recovering her sense of time, the sounds of
her surroundings returned to her. The trees and shrubs began to rustle as if
they were frightened by something. Rubble clattered across the ground as if
it was laughing. The red brick walls and hedges, the black steel spikes, and
the silver gates... Everything had lost its color and become part of one giant,
dull, ashen painting.
The area was suddenly flooded with the cool, crisp air of an autumn
night. The moon took on a reddish tint as it looked down on her. And then,
in the center of all of that...
“That magic won’t work on me anymore, you know? Left-Hand
Sorcerer.”
Gazing at her strongly with crimson eyes was the visage of a magician.


★
On this evening, there were two points that Suimei kept in mind as he
dealt with the core of the incidents once more.
This would be the third time he had an encounter with the culprit after
dark. The first thing he kept in mind was that he now knew the identity of
said culprit. The second was that the two of them would be alone this time.
Right now, neither Felmenia nor Lefille were present. For the sake of
persuading Liliana, he’d asked them to refrain from tagging along this time.
If they had her outnumbered, it was possible she’d try and run away.
“No way... How...?”
Presumably because he’d completely defended against her powerful
dark magic attack, he could hear a childishly bewildered voice slip her lips.
The magicka he’d used was defensive magicka. A spell from the charm
engraved into the belt of the goddess of the moon, Diana of Ephesus. Gods
were, so to speak, existences whose bodies were composed of substances
closely resembling the astral, aetheric, and the like. And since this was a
charm to protect a god, it was effective against attacks which targeted the
astral body. Aski, kataski, lix, tetrax, damnameneus, aision. Darkness,
brightness, earth, the year, the sun, and reason. With those words, malice in
the higher dimension was blocked by their power. Normally, it was magicka
that was rarely used. So infrequently, in fact, that it could be said that it was
never used in respectable fights between fellow magicians.
But on a moonlit night like this, the magicka manifested its effects quite
well. Now, in regards to the dark magic that failed to exert its destructive
force due to this magicka...
“The Element of darkness was something talked about quite frequently.
The guys who used this system of magicka likely weren’t sure right until
the very end what its origin truly was.”
After Suimei let out a sigh, Liliana knit her brow and gave him a
disagreeing looking.
“What... are you even saying? The Element of darkness... is a servant of
the Goddess... and one of the powers of a mage.”
“Nope, it’s not what all of you think it is. Every last one of you seems to
misunderstand it. That’s why, like you just saw, I have means of defending

against it.”
“Ugh... Oh Darkness. Thou art sharp like the lightning that races across
the sky. Thrust of Darkness!”
Liliana let loose another spell. It was straightforward, but stressed speed.
However, in situations like this, relying on dark magic that took advantage
of the darkness that obscured an opponent’s vision was an established
tactic. The spell of a mage who relied on such basic tricks would never hit
Suimei as he stood in the moonlight. He strode forward with confidence,
and then trifled with her.
He snapped his fingers as he took a step towards Liliana, and the bricks
at her feet exploded. Her eyes shot wide open in surprise like her
expectations had been betrayed, and she stood upright like a bolt.
“When I first ate that thing, I generally had a rough idea of what it was.
There aren’t all that many things that can directly and seriously affect the
astral body, after all. Mysteries caused by wielding the power of wicked
gods using Goetia. Suicide attacks carried out by demonomists devoted to
their faith. Intrinsic curses. Hexes. The attacks of apparitions. And out of all
the possibilities, the one considered to be the most antiquated technique is
the one that uses thoughts of hate, resentment, and envy towards the target
to directly strike at them. It’s so simple that it doesn’t even require a spell,
but those hateful thoughts are powerful, and their effects were observed by
many in ancient indigenous faiths.”
“What... kind of relation are you saying that has... with the power that I
use?!”
“Are you listening? The thing called the ‘Element of darkness’ doesn’t
exist. Just as stated in the saying ‘the hatred and resentment harbored by
man becomes a curse and causes a real effect on the body,’ the overflowing
curse of hatred that has nowhere to go in the transient world ends up
coagulating in the astral plane.”
The oldest form of a curse. That is, namely, a mass of hatred harbored
by people, beings, animals, and the like. Since hatred existed everywhere, it
could be used as an attack as long as there was a target to receive the
emotion. This was why the rampart of the golden fortress was penetrated.
Ramparts were ramparts. They were defensive walls, but they offered no
protection from thoughts. If it had been weak magic, then the spell inserted
into it would be defended against, and the curse would be dealt with by his

natural resistance as a magician. But if the curse surpassed that resistance,
he had no way of blocking the maliciousness that broke through. And that
was only all the more true with more powerful magics. The difference with
the power the demons wielded lay in this point.
Suimei once more defended against a spell fired at him in irritation, and
continued speaking, unfazed.
“However, normally, that kind of thing can’t be used by just anyone. A
single fragment would be a different story, but hatred and resentment often
guide humans to ruin. They’re essentially the bane of humanity. However,
there is one type of user that can wield it freely. And that’s someone whose
heart sympathizes with hatred and resentment. In other words, you as you
are now.”
“Are you saying I harbor such feelings?”
“I bet you do. From the odds and ends of your speech and conduct up
until now, and the fact that you can use that magic, it’s something I put
together. You yourself may not be self-aware of it, though.”
“That kind of thing—”
“Isn’t true, you mean? But you know, the proof of it is under your glove.
Because you wield the power of coagulated resentment and hatred, and you
sympathize with it, it alters the extremities of your body that are easy to
encroach on. It’s likely that what’s under your eyepatch is the same, right?
Under the influence of continuing to submerge your body into negative
power, your form is deviating from that of a normal human.”
Liliana instinctively put her hand over her eyepatch.
“That’s right. The art you’re using is the art of curses that humans
shouldn’t lay their hands on. Even if I didn’t tell you that, you who uses it
would know better than me, right?”
“But if... if I didn’t have this magic... I, I would...”
“Stop it. That magic will destroy your body. It’s not too late now. Stop
using dark magic, and prioritize healing your body. If you don’t, then one
day you will no longer be yourself! So...”
“So...”
Just as Liliana seemed like she was about to give in, the malice she
sympathized with began swaying behind her like a heat haze. And as if that
brought her to her senses, her eye suddenly shot wide open.
“Urgh, so what?! I know that full well! I at least know that... if I keep

using this magic... one day I’ll be swallowed by the darkness! But that has
absolutely nothing to do with you, does it?! So why... why are you fussing
over someone like me?!”
“Because as a magician, I can’t accept you walking that path.”
Yes, the path of magicka that led to dark magic... It was something
referred to by mysticology as the left-hand path. The word “sinister” came
from the Latin “sinistra,” meaning left. So sinister magicians who walked
down the path of ruin by manipulating immorality and evil spirits were
often said to walk the left-hand path. Even in the world of magicka, that
was considered to be a bad choice. That’s why Suimei couldn’t let her just
continue down that road.
“Also, it’s ’cause I’m a whimsical busybody.”
And as Suimei flashed a troubled smile her way, Liliana looked as
though she was completely taken aback. As if grilling her for her true
feelings, Suimei once more spoke up.
“Hey, are you okay with living this kind of life?”
“What...?”
“Destroying your own body. There isn’t a single good side to it, right?
You may not have regrets about it, but if you keep using dark magic, you’ll
never become happy, you know?”
As if trying to shake away all the words reaching her ears, Liliana
violently shook her head.
“But if I do that, I won’t be able to fight! And if I can’t fight, I’m not
needed by this country! Even the Colonel won’t need me! Ever since mom
and dad abandoned me, I’ve been alone! Being picked up by the Colonel
and coming to the Empire... For the first time, I had a place I belonged!
Even if I ended up being called the human weapon! Even if everyone
detested me! If I don’t have dark magic, I’ll... I’ll... Again, I’ll be...”
“But is all that really okay?!”
“?!”
“It’s not, is it?! Was this what you really wanted?! To live this painful
life?!”
Yes, even Liliana should have had something she wanted. She should
have something she desired deep in her heart. And that was definitely not
this place of only pain. Seeing her innocent smile earlier that afternoon,
Suimei knew that what she really wanted wasn’t utter ruin and misfortune.

“What... I wanted...”
“That’s right. What you wanted is—”
Suimei once more called for her to come to her senses. However,
Liliana...
“Shut up! If nobody needs me unless I can fight, then I’m fine being like
this forever!”
She rejected what he was saying with stronger emotions than she’d
shown before now, and yelled out a near howl. With that, the darkness clad
around her went berserk.
“A-AAAAAAAH!”
The darkness billowing from her like smoke was a curse. No, it was
malice. The pent up resentment that congealed in the astral world, using
Liliana’s body as a relay, manifested with dreadful vigor. Naturally, it was
because it sympathized with Liliana’s heart. Using her shout that embodied
her hatred for the way the world was, it turned her emotions inside out.
“Stop it! Don’t take in the darkness on your own, damn it!”
A massive amount of malice burst out from her feet, and Liliana was
sucking it all up. In an attempt to save her, Suimei ran forth with no concern
for his own wellbeing.
“Guuu-AAAAAAAAAAAH!”
Perhaps having been brought back to her senses by Suimei’s shriek of
anguish, Liliana’s eye shot wide open.
“Wh-What are you...”
“Don’t take it in... You can’t. That path... isn’t one you should walk
down...”
“S-Stop it. If you get closer, even you will be...!”
Darkness, curses, and malice seeped into Suimei’s body. It was a strong
and concentrated power that could not even be compared to the dark magic
that Liliana had used on him. It was apparent that if he didn’t steel his mind,
even his soul would be desecrated. But this was a race against time. He
didn’t have time to postpone any actions as he began chanting for defenses
from the moon. Even as Liliana screamed for him to save himself, Suimei
continued to try to help her.
“Lucem sacrum implebis, nunc perfectam formam appetes... Gah.”
[Fill with the sacred radiance, seek out the ideal figure...]
Suimei recited the chant from memory to drive away the curses while

keeping his eyes shut. In just that much of a fluster, he could clearly feel the
sensation of cold sweat pouring from his forehead down to his nose and
cheeks. The dreadful vigor of the enormous curse was not weakening. As
