bastard?!”
Were the curses he spat out directed at the lightning, or towards
something else entirely? Who or what he was screaming at was uncertain,
but even as he unleashed his rage, the pale lightning continued eating away
at the inside of Rajas’s body like a hungry snake. The crackling of lightning
filled the air. The sharp sound like that of sparks shooting out of an exposed
electrical line squirming around assaulted her ears. And mixed within that,
there was the faint sound of some inhuman and shrill voice. Rajas was
unable to do anything.
The one to make a move next was Reiji.
He couldn’t let this chance slip away. Before Rajas was able to move
again, he had to defeat him. His body seemed to be in working order again.
Slipping out of Titania’s arms, he closed in on Rajas in an instant. Before
Mizuki knew it, Reiji’s body was wreathed in fire, which meant he had put
to use his body reinforcement magic. Rajas swung out his arm to defend
himself, but seized by the lightning, it was slow. The blade of Reiji’s
orichalcum sword came sailing towards him in a downward slash with a
good tailwind. It easily repelled Rajas’s massive arm.
“HAAAAAAAAAAAH!”
Reiji’s battle cry shook the air. He drove his orichalcum blade into
Rajas’s chest.
“Guh... Ah... Ridiculous... From this, this kind of...”
He was astonished like he couldn’t believe something as insignificant as
Reiji’s attack was the finishing blow. It was like a small needle that he’d
paid no attention to had pierced his heart. Reiji, meanwhile, was silent.
Without letting up on the blade, he only pushed on it harder. And little by
little, the point sunk farther into Rajas’s body. And eventually, perhaps
repelled by the lightning, Reiji let go of his sword and stepped back.

“Gu-uuuuah... If only... if only that man didn’t exist, I wouldn’t have
fallen to the damned likes of you.”
“Who? The one who created this disastrous scene?”
“That’s right! Using some strange magic, he annihilated my army all on
his own. A man dressed in black... If not... If not for that fucker, I would
never... to the likes of you!”
With the last of his strength, Rajas ranted and raved. Because of Reiji’s
sword and the lightning, instead of running wild, he seemed intent on just
leaving behind curses. Somewhat unexpectedly, Felmenia then approached
the demon.
“What is it... a woman?”
In response to the beautiful mage that approached him at such a leisurely
pace that she looked out of place, Rajas spat out a puzzled question while
wheezing.
“Demon, there is one thing that I would like to hear from a bastard like
you.”
“To hear... from me?”
“About the person you spoke of just now, the man in black clothes...”
“What...?”
Rajas made a dubious expression as cold sweat poured down his face.
And after closing her eyes for a short moment as if she was pondering in
hesitation, Felmenia asked her question.
“Demon, this man dressed in black... Did he perhaps call himself a
magician?”
“Woman, do you know that fucker?! YOU
BASTAAAAAAAAAAARD!”
The way Rajas lost his composure upon hearing her question was clearly
abnormal. It was like the roar of the beast holding deep resentment for an
abominable adversary.
And before long, finding it difficult to even curse out anymore, his
shouting came to a stop. Felmenia’s amber eyes seemed to be reflecting
some kind of admiration, and she muttered to herself in a somewhat
convinced manner.
“I see, so it was him after all.”
“Answer me, woman... Just what... What is...”
“He called himself a magician, did he not? In that case, there is nothing

more for me to tell you.”
“I-If only that man didn’t exist... I... I would never lose... to such small
fries...”
That much was true. The demon known as Rajas was that much of a
formidable enemy. He far surpassed their powers. If not for the exhaustion
from a precious battle and for the pale lightning that was eating away at him
like worms, they likely wouldn’t have attained victory. Before Rajas’s
towering body and his violent strength, they may just have suffered a
crushing defeat.
And before long, as if the pale lightning was overflowing from within
his body, Rajas began to shine brightly with a pale blue light. He screamed
out somebody’s name, but the words were swallowed up by the terrifying
splashes of electricity. He fell over. His body had reached its limit and could
no longer withstand that powerful energy. With a loud sound like a clap of
thunder, his body disappeared.
And as if announcing the end of the battle, the clang of Reiji’s
orichalcum sword—now scorched by lightning—rang out.
★
“Mizuki!”
After Rajas was burned to nothing by the lightning and vanished, Titania
screamed out Mizuki’s name as she ran over to her. Still completely
dumbfounded, Mizuki feebly sank to the ground and didn’t move. She
didn’t move at all. That was how affected she’d been by the poison that was
Rajas’s fearsome presence in battle. The trembling of her hands that were
loosely hanging at her sides demonstrated that the remains of the fear still
shook her heart. Reiji also drew closer to her, and asked her about her
sudden and baffling behavior.
“Mizuki! Why did you do something so reckless...?”
“Sorry... I was always just watching. It was only me... That’s why I
wanted to do something no matter what, so...”
Mizuki lifted her pale face and looked at Reiji as she spoke of the reason
why she had been so foolhardy. Then looking down at her trembling hands,
it was like she was reminded of it all over again. To meet her gaze, Titania
knelt down in front of her.

“Even so, if anything had gone wrong, you would have been killed by
that demon called Rajas.”
“A spell popped up in my head... So I thought maybe I could do
something about that big demon. That’s why...”
That’s why she’d done what she had. And Mizuki apologized for it again
to both of them. In response, Reiji once more let out words of relief as he
held her tightly.
“It’s great that you’re alright...”
“Yeah...”
Eventually, Hadorious finished recomposing the ranks of his troops and
sent out patrols into the surroundings. Back at the scene of the battle,
Titania called out to Felmenia.
“White Flame-dono, there is something that I would like to ask you.
Would that be alright?”
Hearing Titania’s polite request, Felmenia nodded. Everyone present
could guess what it was about, and waited with bated breath to hear
Titania’s question.
“White Flame-dono, about what you had asked Rajas earlier... Are you
acquainted with the person who created this situation and wounded that
demon?”
Felmenia quietly acknowledged her suspicions, and admitted what
everyone present had suspected.
“And so, about this man... What kind of man is he? What is his name?”
Graziella suddenly stepped forward and questioned her next. Was she
interested? No, there was no way she wasn’t. She had impatiently cut into
their conversation in her bullish manner, but the sullen look on Felmenia’s
face said she would never tell.
“My apologies, but I cannot answer that question.”
“...What did you say?”
“This is highly classified information of our country. I cannot provide
the answer to Your Imperial Highness of another nation.”
“That demon who called himself Rajas said this man you’re acquainted
with annihilated an army of this scale, you know? Even an idiot would
know that this is a serious matter. And are you saying you would refuse to
answer even then, you twit?”
Even when Felmenia said she couldn’t answer, Graziella didn’t back off.

She was even firing off her irritation from deep within her belly in the form
of mana and hostility to try and pressure her. A tense, unreasonable
atmosphere swept over the area. It felt like it would swallow anyone who
lost their focus for a mere second. Graziella was demanding an explanation
without a hint of leniency or modesty. Yet even so, Felmenia remained
obstinate.
“Yes, Your Highness. No matter how serious a matter it is, highly
classified information is highly classified information. Even if you are of an
allied nation, and regardless of mutually sharing all information regarding
the demons, I do not possess the authority to speak of this matter.”
Her face was so strained that Graziella’s brow spasmed. It seemed like a
fight might break out at any moment, but after clicking her tongue in
annoyance, she managed to calm herself down. Felmenia went as far to say
that it was a highly confidential matter to her country. Her inquiring further
was likely not something Titania and Hadorious would allow as authorities
of their nation. If she were to start a fight just because Felmenia wouldn’t
fold, that in and of itself would be a serious matter.
Once Graziella seemed to relent, Titania asked a question of her own.
“Regarding that matter, does that also include me?”
“With all due respect.”
Felmenia respectfully bowed her head. Following all this, Hadorious
stepped forward.
“Lady Stingray, if you cannot even answer to Her Highness Titania, then
does that mean this concerns your royal command from His Majesty the
King?”
“Regarding that matter, it is not something that I am able to provide an
answer for.”
“I see...”
The fact that she didn’t deny it was like implicitly acknowledging it.
However, just what did it mean that she knew who this strange, powerful
man was? Reiji knit his brow dubiously. There wasn’t supposed to be
anybody that strong in the Kingdom of Astel, or so he thought. It may be
that he just didn’t know about them. But if even Titania and Hadorious
didn’t know, something felt off. As Reiji turned this all over in his head,
Hadorious seemed to do the same thing. Eventually, however, he made an
unexpected suggestion.

“Then, about the matter of this demon and its army... There would be no
problem in saying that Hero-dono subdued them all, correct?”
“Wha—?!”
Naturally, the first one to react was the hero himself, Reiji. As if he
found Reiji’s shock to be somewhat mysterious, however, Hadorious
questioned him in return.
“What are you acting so surprised for?”
“I-Isn’t that obvious? I didn’t do it.”
“Certainly, but if we make this out to be the hero’s victory, you do know
what benefits it will reap for us, don’t you?”
“That’s...”
At that point, Reiji hesitated to object. Graziella was the one that raised
an objection now.
“Duke, do you believe that I would allow such a thing? We were also
here and fought with the demons too, you know.”
Graziella knew the truth, and she wasn’t about to let Reiji take this
achievement solely for himself. But as if he’d had an answer prepared in
advance, Hadorious courteously spoke to her without hesitation.
“Your Imperial Highness Graziella, if you are to let this matter slide, I
shall promise that we will not lodge a protest concerning Your Highness’s
invasion.”
“My invasion, you say?”
“Indeed. Your Highness brought an army across the border without
permission, after all.”
“You bastard...”
