In the few days since making contact with the culprit behind the coma
incidents, Suimei hadn’t slept a wink between treating his arm and
investigating dark magic. He was now in a corner of the grand library the
Empire boasted of, scowling at the spines of books.
“Dark magic, right...”
Dark magic. From what he had heard from Felmenia, the authority on
magic in this world, it was particularly difficult to wield among the eight
attributes, and was believed to be special for that reason. Since Felmenia
also wasn’t an expert on the subject, her knowledge on it only extended to
the conditions and effects its spells caused. And though there was someone
who used dark magic even in Astel, because they were the type to not get
involved with others much, she’d never had a chance to learn about it in
great detail.
That being the case, even after coming to the Imperial University
Library with its extraordinary collection of books, grimoires on dark magic
were few and far between. And even then, they only ever said things like
that it was magic which manipulated darkness, or that it was heretical
among the Elements, or that one couldn’t use it unless they had a strong
affinity for it, or that it destroyed the caster’s body. There was practically
nothing that could be used as reference.
“...”
Suimei unwrapped the bandages around his left hand and took a peek.
Penetrating through the brilliant golden fortress’s ramparts, the spell that
had injured his body was a black haze tinged with the raw essence of
moisture—darkness. His hand and arm that were hit with it appeared to be
completely dried up, and now had blackened bruises rising up on them. Just
what was this?
Fire, water, wind, lightning, earth, wood, and light were all existences
with substance, the Elements. When it came to darkness, it was something
that couldn’t be characterized as energy or substance.

Normally, when speaking of darkness, it was something that absorbed
light, or was empty space where nothing existed. In that sense, darkness
was the absence of light, so it wasn’t like the thing known as “darkness”
had its own presence.
It was certainly true that things like dark matter and dark energy existed.
They were, so to say, things that had to exist to prove the correctness of the
laws of physics, apparent substances and apparent numbers that existed on
top of theory.
If one were to consider those things darkness, there was a technique to
create them. Using complex numbers with numerology, one could join
together numbers which didn’t exist in the world and manifest that which
did not exist, after all.
However, in this world where mathematics had not yet developed that
far, things like the concept known as complex numbers discovered in
modern times and apparent numbers probably didn’t exist. And even if they
manifested, they would never bring about the same effects as dark magic.
Another possibility was the absolute nihility—the avidya. But it’s wasn’t
like they could manifest it here, and moreover, dark magic was an attack
which had a direct effect on the astral body. It wasn’t something that could
be inferred by normal ways of thinking.
The ability to interfere with spells, the power to obstruct light, an astral
attack that could deal direct damage to the astral body... Did a single power
which combined all those characteristics really exist in the world?
Wondering that, a laugh naturally spilled out of Suimei’s mouth.
“Heh heh heh...”
Yes, this was it. This was one of those times when he found himself
slammed into a wall while pursuing the mysteries. This was precisely when
he was able to feel that he was truly pursuing the unknown. Exactly because
such things existed, he could stretch his hand out into the domain of
impossibility and truly feel that he was a scholar of the mysteries. It was
validating and confirmed his goals. In the end, he had to continue pursuing
it. Dark magic. Everything.
The level of civilization in this world was relatively humble compared to
his own world. In that case, when it came to the common sense of theory
and law here, it was necessary to put himself on that level. An age where
heat was based on phlogiston theory. No, even further back than that. Based

on that, what could there be?
To perform what was commonly referred to as an astral attack, it was
mainstream to use Goetia. Borrowing the power of a mystical existence, it
attacked the astral body that human hands could not normally reach. This
also applied to hexes from witchcraft, ancient Gand magicka, and yin-yang
arts. Coagulating thoughts in the negative direction, they could easily bring
harm to the spirit of another, or even their soul. Yes, in a spell. However, all
the magic in this world functioned on the premise that the Elements were
involved. He couldn’t think of any exceptions to that.
But, at the time, what was going up my left arm was surely resentment.
That was right. When he spoke out unintentionally back then, he was
sure he felt it. Just what that dreadful sensation assaulting his nerves was.
That power was certainly the negative power known as hatred and
resentment. It was something that humans should never use in its raw form.
And he remembered his hatred for those spells that didn’t take into
consideration their own user’s body. That tiny body. Probably a child. Yet
they still wielded such power.
Suddenly, the image of Liliana popped into his head. Was there
something to the fact that she had roughly the same childish features as the
culprit? If that were the case, was this not where he should step in and
correct her path down to the proper one of a magician?
My head is a mess, huh? I need to put it in order.
His thoughts were becoming incoherent and illogical. But this was
relatively common. People tended to see connections and patterns, even
where there weren’t any. It wasn’t that Suimei had divined the identity of
the shadow. His brain was just on rapid fire. Liliana wasn’t that shadow, and
she wasn’t the dark magic user behind his attack. She wasn’t walking down
the wrong path of magicka.
“Su... mei... no!”
That’s why he had to think hard. Right now, he had to focus on dark
magic. It was definitely the power of negativity. In that case, what did it
mean that it used the Elements? No, for starters, did it even use the
Elements? Perhaps that premise was false in the first place. If that were the
case, the spell that manipulated it... By going up the stream of the history of
the mysteries, it had to be...
“...Suimei-dono!”

“A-Aah, Menia?”
Hearing a loud voice right next to his ear, Suimei suddenly lifted up his
head, which had been cast down deep in thought, like he was jumping to his
feet. It was Felmenia that had called to him. She continued to speak to him
in a somewhat astonished tone.
“Just Menia, huh? Just what is the matter with you?”
“Nothing, I was just doing a little thinking is all.”
“Augh... Was I being a nuisance?”
She sounded apologetic, but Suimei simply waved his hand and urged
her towards the corner of the desk where he’d been camped out to do his
research. And then, while organizing the magickal items he’d brought to
read grimoires, Suimei asked her about the information gathering he’d
tasked her with continuing.
“So, how was it?”
“Well, I was not able to muster all that much from my side.”
“I see. As expected, people aren’t cooperating, huh?”
“It seems that the pious residents of the city have the ear of the others,
and things are being stifled a bit in that regard.”
Felmenia made a bitter face as she spoke. Just as Suimei had expected, it
seemed it would be difficult to gain any ground by talking to the
townspeople. It would be the most they could do to get a few cooperators to
keep their ears to the ground.
“Though the people from the military police were relatively
cooperative.”
“Why’s that?”
“It seems that the military police have cause to think poorly of Elliot-
dono.”
“Oh?”
“A little before we began our match against the hero, you’re likely aware
that the hero was added to the investigation, but... When it was decided that
he would join, it seems the military police were also made to cooperate with
him. Using the Church of Salvation and his title as a hero, he simply had the
military police hand over all of their information.”
Certainly, hiding behind the Church and his title as the hero was a useful
ploy. Though it was undeniable that it would be a great annoyance to
anyone he played it on.

“Well, from what I heard from the military police between their drinks
and sobs, they were saying that all their hard work is credited to the hero.
There were many of them who were unhappy, but that is likely why Elliot-
dono is able to progress as he has.”
The hero Elliot. The only time Suimei spoke with him was at the
Twilight Pavilion, but it seemed he had much more of a serious personality
than Suimei thought. Because he had the Church under his thumb, Suimei’s
investigation was at a standstill, though the person in question probably
wasn’t fully aware of what he’d done.
“So, what, are the military police using us to retaliate?”
“It seems that they are even taking bets on how it will end.”
“They really have zero motivation, huh? Even though it’s their fellow
countrymen being harmed...”
Enticed by the sigh that Felmenia let out, Suimei twirled his index finger
as he shoved it into his temple. Felmenia then continued as if that wasn’t
the end of the story on the military police’s apathy.
“There seems to be more regarding that matter, but I will report on it
after I have grasped what is behind it.”
“Got it. Also, what happened to that noble that was there when we
showed up?”
“It seems that he is currently recovering in his own home, but just like
the other victims, he remains unconscious.”
The man who was probably struck by the short shadow’s magicka was
immediately taken away by the military police, so Suimei hadn’t gotten any
details on his condition. After he finished investigating, should he look into
it himself?
“I see. I’ll leave the follow-up to you.”
★
After hearing Felmenia’s report and taking a short break, they settled
down side by side in chairs at the library. Suimei then casually brought up
something he suddenly realized.
“Come to think of it, we can communicate without any problems and I
can even read the books here...”
Suimei realized that he had been involved with books and conversation

quite a bit lately. From the strange way Elliot talked, to the fact that he
could read books in a library written in a completely different language...
“It is because of the blessing of the hero summoning. I recall talking
about this once before, I believe.”
“Yeah, I just realized that I wasn’t really paying attention then. I missed
all the details, but effectively, why are we able to communicate?”
“Those who are summoned by the hero summoning ritual automatically
have a spell cast on them to translate language, but regarding that, it’s based
on the knowledge of the one who performed the summoning.”
“Oh?”
“In your case, that would be me, but... If there’s something you know
that coincides with something that I also know of, then the words will be
translated. If it’s something that you’re unfamiliar with, the word will be
untranslated but match how you would pronounce it. And of course, if it is
something that I do not know of, it will match our pronunciation but remain
incomprehensible.”
Which meant that there was a limit to the translation based on concepts
that were or were not known. It was true that back when Suimei fought
Felmenia, the words “barrier magicka” were completely unknown to her.
That was likely a limitation of the translation. With regards to dark magic, it
wasn’t something Suimei was familiar with, but even in this world, it was
probably just a mashup of the words “dark” and “magic,” which was why
Suimei heard it that way. And while Suimei was ruminating over these
