It was unmistakably Liliana Zandyke.
“Ooh, twintail eyepatch girl, huh? Long time no see.”
“Twin... What? What is with that... incomprehensible nickname?”
“Well, it kinda... At any rate, what a coincidence running into you here.
What, did you end up wanting sweets after all?”
Suimei lightly joked around with her, but Liliana didn’t seem to be in
the mood. She responded to him with a suddenly frightening aura.
“You’re wrong.”
“So it’s not sweets?”
“That kind of thing... doesn’t matter.”
“Then what’s up?”
The air about her was tense. It was something she always had, but this
was somehow different from usual. She then turned her discerning eye on
Suimei’s chest, and her composure crumbled. For against his chest, Suimei
was clutching two cats.
“K-Kitty... Here, here.”
“...Huh?”
And as Liliana spread out her arms as if telling him to hand over the
cats, she drew closer.
★
After being begged to by Liliana, Suimei handed over one of the cats he
was carrying, and the four of them were now settled down on a bench near
a fountain.
“Meow, meow, meow, meow...”
But Liliana didn’t pay Suimei the slightest bit of attention as she
mimicked a cat’s meowing and innocently played with the cat he’d given
her. Looking at her from the side as she held both front paws of the cat and
made it dance to that famous nursery song, she seemed as happy as if she
were in the middle of an early afternoon paradise. On her face was an

uplifting and brilliant smile that Suimei had never seen her make before.
“Meow, meow, meeeow!”
With that, as Liliana finished the rhythm, she hugged the cat snugly. She
really seemed to love cats. Seeing her with one was quite adorable. Seeing
that she’d completely forgotten that he was even there, Suimei called out to
her.
“Looks like you’re having fun, huh?”
“H-How long... are you planning to stay there... Suimei Yakagi!”
“I mean, until you return the cat to me?”
Liliana replied with a perturbed expression.
“Return this child... to you?”
“Yeah.”
“Isn’t this child a stray? It’s not... your cat. Why are you trying to abduct
this kitty? Depending on your answer... I’ll give you the death penalty in
military court, you know?”
Just what did she mean by ‘abduct?’ As she pierced Suimei with a cold
and scornful glance, she even went as far as to threaten his life. It was rather
barbaric of her. After all, Suimei had properly gotten a meow of consent
before bringing the cat along. Well...
“Why, you ask? Because I wanted to pet a cat.”
“Hmph... Is that so? If that’s it... then fine.”
Seemingly approving of his motives, Liliana once more engrossed
herself with playing with the cat. He really couldn’t get his head around
what had convinced her it was okay now. But either way...
“You really like cats, huh?”
“Not just kitties... I also love doggies. All animals... are good children,
after all.”
Liliana then posed a question to Suimei, but kept her eyes on the cat in
front of her and didn’t look at him at all.
“I heard... that you are having a match with the hero... to catch the
culprit behind the incidents, right?”
“Yeah, I’m surprised you know that.”
“Information... naturally reaches... my ears.”
That was likely because she was affiliated to the army’s intelligence
division. And as Liliana spoke of that without an air of pride about her, she
continued with a follow-up question.

“Why... did you get involved... in something like a match... with the
hero?”
“Well, that’s ’cause my two companions are at stake.”
Suimei stated what he thought everyone already knew, but...
“If the Goddess says so, it’s fine to just... leave them to the hero, right?
That way... you won’t get dragged into trouble, and it should be easier... for
you. Also, an oracle from the Goddess... is not all that common.”
“That’s quite the cold way of putting it...”
“It may be cold... but it stands to reason.”
“Reason, yeah...”
As Suimei was indifferently parroting her words, Liliana turned a
slightly irritated expression towards him.
“Doesn’t it? Also, I’ve heard about it... but what’s wrong... with that
hand?”
“So you also heard about this too? Yeah, I got done in good by that
culprit.”
When Suimei said that, Liliana lowered her gaze to the bandages around
his left hand.
“...It’s in... bad shape... isn’t it?”
“Well, not really. It’ll get better pretty soon.”
“Get better...? It’ll get better?!”
“Hmm? What, is it something to be surprised about?”
Sensing that Liliana was unexpectedly surprised, Suimei turned the
question back over to her. He cocked his head to the side, but Liliana
abruptly averted her gaze.
“N-No, I just heard... that it looked rather bad... from the Colonel...”
“I see. Well, regardless, I’m not going to change my mind.”
“Do you... even understand? Up until now, the culprit has... laid their
hands on many people. They’re a dangerous criminal. It’s better if you...
withdraw.”
“What’s that? You’ve been snapping at me about this for a good minute
now. Could it be that you’re worried about me?”
“That’s not really the case,” she retorted in no time at all.
“I’ve been told something similar recently, but if I had any intent of
dropping out halfway, I wouldn’t have accepted the match in the first
place.”

“Why? Why do you... obsess over it to that point? Moreover... if it’s
something necessary to save the world—”
Was she saying that it was normal to just give up? For the sake of the
many, sacrifice the few? With an impending crisis threatening the world,
maybe that was the pervading logic.
“Before that...”
“What is it?”
“Let go of it. That’s enough, right?”
Suimei pointed at the cat that Liliana was still hugging. She hadn’t
realized it, but the cat was swishing its tail left and right.
“Cats, you see... When they’re generally unhappy, they’ll wave their
tails like that. It’s probably a little hot from being hugged.”
“...Do you not like it?” Liliana asked the cat in a disappointed voice.
She then reluctantly let it go. It inclined its head to the side and began
observing Liliana. It seemed that the cat was interested in her, and wasn’t
too terribly mad at her. Realizing that, Liliana regained the sparkle in her
eye as she affectionately gazed at the animal.
“About... the question before though...”
“Let’s see. About why I’m opposing the Goddess and hero, was it?”
Liliana nodded. And after letting out a sigh, Suimei eventually replied.
“Hey, do you have something you want to protect?”
“Something... to protect?”
“That’s right. That’s what those two girls are to me.”
That was it. He had no choice but to do it. Felmenia came to help him
even though there was no benefit in it for her, and Lefille’s case didn’t even
need to be explained. To him, those two girls were without a doubt what he
had to protect.
“I don’t... really understand. I can’t see the need... to go so unreasonably
far...”
“So you don’t get it? Let’s see... For example, how ’bout your family or
something?”
“...”
Somehow, Suimei felt like he could hear a voice with no sound.
“What’s wrong?”
“I don’t... have any family.”
Her voice grew colder as she spoke those few dejected words. Had he

stepped on her tail or something? He wasn’t sure what roused her ire, but if
he recalled correctly, he was sure that she at least had a father. Suimei had
met him at least three times, the soldier with swept-back hair.
“That guy... is your father, right?”
“Before the Colonel is my father, he is my superior.”
Just what did that even mean? Even if they had that kind of relationship,
during times of peace, wasn’t he a father first? And just as Suimei was
about to ask that, Liliana cast her gaze down and guessed his question.
“The Colonel is not my real father... I was abandoned by my real
parents, after all.”
“...Is that so? Sorry. Was it something I shouldn’t have touched on?”
“Not really.”
Still, Suimei apologized again. He then gave her the answer to the
question she’d pressed to him.
“Well, my relationship with those two may not be all that deep, but
they’re truly important to me.”
“That’s why... I’m saying it’s reckless. You’ll die an early death... as an
idiot.”
“That’s a super mean way of putting it, seriously.”
“But... even I...”
“Hmm?”
“It’s... nothing.”
Deciding it was fine in the end, Liliana shook her head. Suimei nodded
in response and brought that conversation to an end. He snuck a glance at
her, but the sparkle in her eye earlier was gone, and she seemed
absentminded. The cat held out its front paw to her, and she continued to
play with it and keep it company. She did so halfheartedly for a while
longer, and while looking around, Suimei spotted a nearby food stall selling
frozen sweets. He got up, walked over two it, and bought two servings.
“Here. As thanks for last time.”
Realizing that he was handing one to her, Liliana looked up with her
sleepy-looking eye.
“I thought I said... I didn’t need it.”
“Well, whatever. You won’t lose anything from taking it, so just take it
already.”
“I don’t need it.”

“I already bought it, so...”
After hanging her head in silence for a short while, she eventually raised
a melancholic voice to him.
“Why do you... treat me kindly?”
“Even if you ask why...”
“You should also just treat me cruelly... like everyone else does... Just
deal with me... as something unpleasant.”
It was dark. Her eye, along with any and everything reflected in it. She
was in pitch black darkness. She was abandoned and reviled. Her words
told Suimei how people really treated her, and he’d seen a glimpse of it
himself.
“Aren’t I ominous? Despite being tiny... I possess mana that can harm
others... And I am aggressive towards anybody. That’s why...”
“Does everyone treat you like they did that time on the street?”
“In the Empire, I am a symbol of fear. A great dark light... created to
hide the shadow of the intelligence division.”
“That’s why people like me don’t exist, you mean?”
“That’s right. There are no people like you. Other than the Colonel...”
As that mouth spurred on her twisted will, she gradually lost her
composure. Liliana dejectedly slumped her shoulders and fell silent.
“He doesn’t seem like the kind of person to chat about anything
needless, but he’s a good person, huh?”
