What was it that she could see? It looked as through she was staring right
into the difficult times to come. She appeared somewhat aloof, but solemnly
resolute. Seeing her like that, Reiji was at a loss for words. It was true that
her voice was both reassuring and direct. That was a manifestation of a little
thing she had called determination. As expected, Titania wasn’t just some
young girl following along because she’d been told to. She’d decided that it
was something she must do herself. She’d taken her fate into her own
hands, and that was why she was now by his side.
“Is something the matter?”
“No, I was just thinking that you’re amazing, Tia. I’m not even in your
league.”
She didn’t seem to fully grasp the significance of those words that
seemingly came out of nowhere, and sat there on her horse with her head
tilted to the side. As the princess of a nation, Titania had a much stronger

will than someone like Reiji. Before her determination, Reiji’s resolve was
nothing more than bravado. Seeing her in such a royal light, Reiji felt
completely inferior to her.
But as things were, he had no time to dwell on it. Dismissing all such
thoughts, Reiji pushed the conversation onward.
“Tia, based on that plan, which way should we go from here?”
“First we should proceed to the north. The woods that spread out to the
east of Kurant City are sparser to the northeast rather than the southeast.
The elevation is better there as well, so it would be the most suitable choice
for surveying the situation.”
“Got it. Let’s go.”
★
Urging their horses northward, Reiji and the others proceeded down a
path that reached the mountains and was surrounded by groves of trees.
Looking up, the sky was filling with ominous clouds. It was almost as if the
weather was reflecting the anxiety and unrest Reiji and his companions felt
as they approached the destination. Despite being in the middle of a verdant
forest, all around them only seemed to be filled with shadows and gray
gloom.
While they were cautiously advancing on horseback in complete
contrast to their hurried pace up until now, they noticed a presence up ahead
and sped up once more. They quickly came across a few members of a
detachment who appeared to be wearing the uniforms of Astelian soldiers.
A man who appeared to be the unit commander then fired off a stern order
to Reiji and his party.
“Stop right there!”
In order to avoid a collision, Reiji and the others pulled back on their
reins and stopped before this man. The neighing of the horses echoed
through the wooded area. And following that, seeing that Reiji and the
others had come to a stop, the man shouted at them with the same stern
expression as before.
“Who the hell are you bastards?! Answer me!”
“We’re...”
Reiji meekly began to answer, but the eldest knight of their group,

Gregory, stepped forward, and rebuked the soldier who stood in their way.
“You insolent bastard! Just who is it that you think you’re obstructing?!
Behold Her Highness Titania and the summoned hero Reiji-sama! Stand
down at once!”
“Wha?!”
Under the pressure of Gregory’s thunderous shouting and his severe
glare, the soldiers all raised surprised voices, recoiled back, and
immediately humbled themselves. There was a great number of eyes
timidly looking at Reiji’s group now. There was a stir of whispering, and
eventually, something seemed to click. When they finally reconciled what
Gregory had said with what they were seeing right in front of them, the
soldiers fell to their knees all at once and, to compensate for the discourtesy
they’d shown previously, treated Titania and Reiji with the utmost respect.
“M-My deepest apologies! I beg of you to forgive my impoliteness.”
“So granted. From the looks of it, you appear to be in the middle of a
patrol. Are you the stationed troops from Kurant City?”
“Yes, Your Highness. We are part of His Grace Duke Hadorious’s army.”
The soldier replied respectfully to Titania, but his words sparked a
strange tension between Reiji and the others. Titania, well accustomed to
maintaining appearances, didn’t let it show.
“Duke Hadorious himself is present here, is he not?”
“He is encamped just up ahead, Your Highness.”
“Guide us to him.”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
The surrounding soldiers, all still sweating bullets, turned around and
advanced down the path to escort them. The sound of rustling leaves being
trampled underfoot by the soldiers’ boots filled the air. Titania willingly
followed after them, but just as Reiji was about to follow as well, Luka’s
horse suddenly came up to him. Mizuki, who was sitting on the horse
behind Luka, leaned in towards Reiji and spoke to him in a hushed whisper.
“Reiji-kun, Duke Hadorious is that...”
“Yeah, the noble who set Suimei up. I didn’t think he would be here.”
“A-And we’re going to see him?”
“Looks like it...”
An adversary lay ahead of them. Seeing Reiji’s eyes narrow as he
glanced down the path, Mizuki’s body stiffened up. They were about to go

see the man who’d set up their friend. It might just be too much for the
anxious Mizuki to handle. Or so Reiji thought. But though she looked
concerned, she spoke with great composure.
“Reiji-kun, you can’t act rashly. Even if Tia is with us, we don’t know
what’ll happen if you lay your hands on a noble.”
“Ah... Yeah, I got it. Thanks for worrying about me, Mizuki.”
Mizuki was mostly worried about Reiji losing himself to anger and
rushing in. But he wouldn’t do that. He couldn’t. It would have been one
thing if he were on his own, but if he snapped now, there was a high chance
Gregory would be implicated for sharing confidential information. So long
as he had the other people with him to think about, Reiji would keep his
cool.
Before long, a clearing opened up among the bundled evergreen trees. It
was filled with a large gathering of knights, soldiers, and mages. Though
the uneven ground had been muddied by the recent rain, the organized files
of troops appeared to be having no trouble with the terrain whatsoever.
They walked with firm, resolute footsteps and gave off an aura of true grit.
Just how much did they train?
Right in the center of the outstandingly austere atmosphere appeared to
be the person who’d brought this group together—a large man in the prime
of his life wearing jet black armor.
He appeared to be about forty years old, right around Gregory’s age or
perhaps a bit younger. He donned a well-groomed beard and a large scar
running down his left cheek from his brow. He was close to two meters tall,
and he appeared to be a muscular man. In spite of his relaxed posture, he
radiated a strong aura of authority that made those around him stiffen up.
All in all, he immediately gave the impression he was the man in charge.
That much seemed to go without saying. Perhaps to report their arrival, the
soldiers who’d escorted Reiji and the others went ahead of them into the
camp. And then, after exchanging two or three words with that man who
appeared to be the leader, he gestured to the soldiers and knights around
him as if to tell them to make way. Mere moments later, the masses parted
and made a clear path.
The man then drew closer to Reiji’s group. He approached Titania
without any hesitation at all, and with his commanding aura still in full
force, took a knee and demonstrated the etiquette of a retainer. When

Titania eventually welcomed him to be at ease, the man—Duke Hadorious
—stood up.
“Your Highness, it has been a while since we last spoke. Was it the
evening party several months ago when we last had the pleasure of
meeting?”
“It hasn’t been long enough, Duke Hadorious. I see you’re the same
browbeater you’ve always been.”
“Oh, you flatter me, Your Highness. To a princess like you, something
like this is but a light breeze, is it not? Though it may be presumptions of
me to say so, I, Lucas de Hadorious, thought perhaps I might be able to
offer you some refuge from the dreary weather with a welcome greeting.”
“Just what is welcome about this? Your unwanted concern and
consideration are quite the opposite.”
All present were rendered speechless at the exchange between
Hadorious and Titania. It was amusing to a degree, but also intimidating.
Titania made it quite clear she wasn’t pleased to be in this situation or his
presence. She poured palpable scorn down on him from high atop her horse.
And between the two of them, a completely different kind of tension
filled the air than before. However, Hadorious didn’t seem the slightest bit
affected by her words. He didn’t even try to laugh it off as a joke. He
simply replied in a disingenuously obsequious tone.
“I see Your Highness is as thorny as ever. Now, let’s see... The boy there
with you is the summoned hero Reiji Shana-dono, correct?”
“Yes.”
After affirming Reiji’s identity, Hadorious turned his prideful yet
intimidating gaze on him. Titania had called him a browbeater, and perhaps
this was just the kind of behavior she was talking about. Pondering that,
Reiji stared right back at Hadorious as if to say he wouldn’t back down.
This man is...
This was indeed the man who’d set up Suimei and the trade corps. This
cruel man who made no attempt to hide his conceit in his words, dress, or
demeanor. Reiji was burning with anger in his presence, but for now, he had
to fight it back and maintain his composure.
After a pause, Hadorious closed his eyes and addressed Reiji.
“My apologies for the late introduction, Hero-dono. I am the one
entrusted with the western territory by His Majesty the King. My name is

Lucas de Hadorious. Upon hearing of the advance of demons across our
borders, I led my troops here. From here, we plan to exterminate the
demons and were just about to take action.”
Hadorious haughtily introduced himself and explained his goals, but he
didn’t stop there.
“Now, Your Highness Titania, Hero-dono, what brings you here?”
In response, Reiji answered with a line he’d prepared beforehand.
“Due to the increase in activity of the demons’ movements in Astel, we
rushed over from the Nelferian Empire and have just arrived.”
“Truly? Then I must apologize for troubling you.”
“No, this is also my duty as a hero.”
Reiji concluded their exchange in a very businesslike manner, and
Titania immediately began to question Hadorious.
“Duke Hadorious, are the demons beyond here?”
“Judging from the information we have, we do believe they are.”
“Then the discussion you were having just now... was about the means
of attack?”
“Yes, Your Highness. Once our scouts return, we were thinking of taking
action right away.”
If they’d already sent out scouts, that meant Reiji and the others arrived
just as they were about to make their move. Judging from the scale of the
deployed army, they appeared to be staging their attack from here.
Something struck Reiji as strange about all this, and he cut in on the
conversation.
“You mean attacking the demons? Aren’t your numbers a bit insufficient
for that?”
Based on the number of people in the clearing, it certainly didn’t look
like there were enough of them. At a glance, there were one to two hundred
people at best. Since the army they would be going after was over a
thousand strong, it just didn’t add up.
“Make no mistake. This is not my entire force, Hero-dono. So that we
can launch our attack from several directions at once, there are soldiers
deployed to the north and south as well. And even in this area, we have
many soldiers concealing themselves. Do be at ease.”
“Is that so? Pardon my concern then.”
“In truth, I would prefer a unified charge with the soldiers from Metel,

but due to the preparations involved and the bad weather, Kurant City and
Metel are more or less divided. A joint operation is out of the question, thus
