More so than Suimei expected, Felmenia and Lefille seemed to get
along well. As was evidenced by their first meeting, both of them were
polite, diligent girls with a strong sense of justice. Both the way they
thought and their general dispositions were quite similar, so they had a great
deal in common and it didn’t take much time at all for them to open their
hearts to one another.
And since there wasn’t a single spark flying between them, Suimei had
absolutely no worry about them living with and being around each other.
And fortuitously for Lefille, her new friend was someone who was well
versed in the magic of this world. Lefille was somewhat vexed that she
couldn’t attend the Magic Institute as she was, so getting lessons from
Felmenia was a nice substitute for the time being.
It was just that, sometimes, it looked like she was restraining Felmenia.
Suimei was sure it was just his imagination, so he didn’t pay it any mind.
Two days after Felmenia came into town, the three of them visited the local
branch of the Adventurer’s Guild known as the Twilight Pavilion.
Suimei and Lefille hadn’t been by a guild office since they’d repelled
Rajas, so they were planning on checking in to report and to apply for
activities within the Empire. And after providing the female receptionist
with a somewhat sanitized version of what occurred with Rajas and the
demons, they were just about finished with putting all the formalities in
order.
“...I understand. Thank you for your work. Even our branch has heard of
the matter in Astel. It’s regrettable about the trade corps and the members
who were accompanying them...”
“It certainly is. I’d also like to apologize for providing the report so
late.”
With that, Suimei bowed his head to the receptionist. The matter with
Rajas had weighed on him quite heavily. He’d withdrawn from the trade
corps commission halfway through, but since all the other members had lost

their lives, he felt like the least he could do was make a proper report on the
incident. With the situation he’d found himself in, however, he’d been
completely waylaid in checking in until now. But with this, a load had
finally been taken off his shoulders.
“That’s not necessary. It doesn’t sound like there’s anything else that
could have been done. We’re just glad to see that you’ve arrived here safely.
And regarding that, Yakagi-san, our support for you has been rather frugal,
so do let us know if you require anything.”
“Thank you very much.”
After thanking the Twilight Pavilion receptionist who’d offered to help
out with anything he might need hereafter, Suimei returned to the table
where Felmenia and Lefille were waiting. Lefille was gulping down some
grape juice from a porcelain cup she was holding with both hands, and
Felmenia was looking around at the interior of the building in her usual
rather composed fashion. Giving them a salute and letting them know that
all the formalities had been taken care of, Suimei sat down at the table with
them. Felmenia immediately looked at him with a question.
“Was that alright?”
“Hmm? What do you mean?”
Suimei strained his face as if his nose was blocked up and asked for
clarification. Lefille explained in Felmenia’s stead.
“Regarding the report you made just now... We could hear you from
here, and you talked about the events in more detail than we thought you
would. With that much information, you know it’ll end up reaching this
Hadorious or whoever, right? Wouldn’t that be disadvantageous for us?”
“I wonder... From what I’ve heard, the reason he used me as a decoy in
the first place was because it was part of a some grand plan, right? It wasn’t
like he was out to kill me off or anything, though he probably didn’t even
spare a single thought about my safety,” said Suimei.
“That is certainly true. If not for the matter with Rajas, I do not think
that Duke Hadorious would have resorted to such means. He probably only
sees you as a good friend of the hero who possesses absolutely no power,”
agreed Felmenia.
“I see. Still... keeping him in the dark could only benefit us. If our
opponent is unaware of us and our whereabouts, then he can’t make a move
on us, you see. In short, being overly forthcoming on our part very well

may be a misstep,” Lefille explained as she set aside her cup.
Certainly the position they were in right now was advantageous. Unlike
here in the Empire, they had used fake names when visiting Kurant City, so
it was likely that Hadorious wasn’t even aware that Suimei was still alive.
And if they kept things that way, he couldn’t use them anymore. What
Lefille was suggesting, then, was that Suimei had essentially cut his throat
with his own tongue by saying too much. Suimei, however, knew the risks
and had only acted after considering the potential outcomes on a scale.
“If this is going to go one way or another, I’d rather he just go ahead and
make a move. If he does, then it’s an open invitation for us to bite back,
after all. So if he’s gonna mess with me, then I would kindly invite him to
come at me already.”
After making that fearless declaration, he tacked on that they’d be able
to get a better read on Hadorious if he came after them, and with that,
concluded his point. Lefille then added her own two cents.
“How unexpected. To think you were that inclined towards conflict...”
“This Hadorious guy is a noble who’s willing to drag in innocent
bystanders and use them as cannon fodder. If he’s shameless enough to even
nonchalantly use ‘the good friend of the hero,’ then if things got serious, he
would probably use Reiji and the others too. No matter what his true
motives were, he’s not someone we can just leave at large for long.”
“It is fine if we can somehow keep him in check from here, but Duke
Hadorious is a difficult opponent to make a move on even for His
Majesty...”
“Well, that’s feudalism for you. What are you gonna do? And besides,
I’m not interested in staying indebted to the king, either.”
Acknowledging what a difficult problem it was, Suimei let out a grand
sigh and brought that conversation to a close. He then began consulting the
two girls on what to do next. As they were talking, a clear, beautiful voice
called out to them.
“Excuse me, you three... Could I bother you for a moment?”
“You mean us?”
“Yeah.”
Suimei turned around as he replied, and he was met with the very
definition of a beautiful boy. Blond hair, blue eyes, delicate skin. He looked
like he could be from Northern Europe, but his complexion wasn’t quite

pale enough. Nevertheless, he was very sexy. He had a different allure than
Reiji, a man who the word “pretty” described quite aptly. This boy appeared
to be about Suimei’s age, and his clothes had something of a foreign look to
them. They were a bit different from what most of the people in the Empire
wore.
Collecting his thoughts on his first impression of this young man,
Suimei suddenly realized that everyone within the building was astir. If he
had to guess, he would have wagered it was because this young man was
talking to them.
“Sorry for the sudden intrusion. My name is Elliot Austin. As for my
identity... Though it’s a little strange for me to say so myself, if I said I was
a hero, would you understand?”
When the young man introduced himself, everyone at Suimei’s table
joined the stir that had come over the guild hall...
“And over here is the priest from the Church of Salvation who is
accompanying me.”
“I am called Christa.”
When Elliot introduced her, the young woman who was standing just
behind him and to the side took off her hood, gracefully lifted the sides of
her skirt, and curtsied politely. She had green braids hanging down over her
shoulders, and an unchanging, sullen, stiff expression on her face. She was
a young woman who appeared to be quite high strung. Elliot then shifted
his gaze to Lefille. And upon realizing she had his attention, she looked
quite surprised.
“By the look on your face, it seems that you have an idea as to what’s
going on.”
“It couldn’t be... Did you also receive an oracle?”
Trembling in shock, Lefille’s voice faltered as she squeezed those words
out. Elliot smiled at her and replied in a refreshing tone.
“That’s right. I received an oracle from the Goddess Alshuna, you see,
so I came to pick you up.”
★
He came to pick her up. That’s what Elliot said. Did that meant this
young man was the hero summoned in El Meide, the one who was to go on

a journey with Lefille?
“As expected, you match how the oracle described you to the letter.
Could you tell me your name?”
“I-I’m... Lefille Grakis...”
“Lefille Grakis. Hmm... Lefille-chan, then. It’s nice to meet you.”
With that, Elliot flashed a smile and his porcelain hand to Lefille. Was it
an expression of affection? Or perhaps...
“Now then, in accordance with the Goddess Alshuna’s oracle, come with
us.”
“Th-That’s...”
Lefille was bewildered. Elliot was speaking and acting as if it was
perfectly expected that she would come along. And since the conversation
was moving forward all on its own without him, Suimei leveraged his way
into it.
“Can I say something?”
“And you are?”
“I’m her companion, Suimei Yakagi. You suddenly introduced yourself
and ran with it, but... Are you really the hero?”
Christa appeared quite irritated at what Suimei was implying. She
stepped forward as if ready to scold him for being suspicious of them, but
Elliot swiftly raised an arm to hold her back and spoke in her stead.
“That sort of suspicion is only natural, I suppose. It is certainly possible
for people out there to assume the name of the hero, after all. However,
what I say is the truth. Let’s see... In my case, Christa and the people of the
Twilight Pavilion can vouch for me.”
“Even the people here now?”
“Not long ago, I went with guild members to subjugate some monsters. I
do believe that they are well aware of my capabilities.”
As Elliot made that statement to give a glimpse at his identity, Suimei
looked around at the people in the hall. Several of them nodded to confirm
what Elliot had said. So the reason the crowd was astir earlier was because
they knew of this young man’s identity... Seeing the hero approach a
stranger without hesitation must have been an interesting scene indeed.
However, just what did it mean that Suimei was able to understand the
language this boy was speaking with a totally different feel to it? Suimei
had a good ear for the tongues of his own world, so even if what he was

hearing was a translation, he should have been able hear the particulars of
the language itself when he focused. The fact that he couldn’t do that now
suggested this young man wasn’t summoned from his world.
Lefille then made a stern expression and turned to Suimei.
“Suimei-kun, this young man also matches the description I got from the
oracle. It seems quite certain he is indeed the hero summoned in El Meide.”
“Yes, there is no mistaking that Elliot-sama is the summoned hero of El
Meide.”
Christa quite adamantly vouched for him as well. Elliot then put one
hand to his chest and turned to Suimei with a wink.
“So how about it? With this, I do believe that you can trust who I am
now.”
“That you’re the hero, anyway.”
“Then—”
“I’ve heard what’s going on from her, and I can accept that much, but
having to go along with it is an entirely different story.”
“Pardon?”
“The idea that she has to play along with this no matter what... Are the
oracles of your dear god that absolute?”
Suimei presented his doubts quite plainly. He was asking something that
may have been considered quite obvious to the people of this world, but he
had to say it. And the one to reply was Christa.
“Of course. It is the will of our esteemed Goddess. As those who have
