everyone there still knew me as a person. Human. But in other regions,
especially where the Church of Salvation has a strong presence... If my
identity is discovered, it’ll probably turn into something preposterous.”
Looking as though she was recalling the horrible firsthand experience of
witnessing such a spectacle play out, Lefille’s face went pale and she began
trembling. She’d said it would be “something preposterous.” It wasn’t like
the church was some fanatic cult, but it wasn’t hard to imagine them
treating her like a living god. Rather, it was really easy to imagine Lefille’s
troubled face as people flocked to her.
“Hahaha, wouldn’t that be fine in its own way?”
“This is no laughing matter! Just try having them pray to you day after
day after day, weep as they give thanks, follow you around everywhere, and

ask nonsensical questions like what the fate of the world is! It would
depress you far beyond what you can imagine!”
“Yeah, that sounds... beyond unpleasant, hahaha...”
In response to Lefille’s angry complaints, Suimei let out a strange laugh.
Not moments later, they both heard the sound of hinges squeaking as they
rubbed together from the direction of the church. Suimei turned to look, and
was met with the sight of someone emerging from the building.
It was a man with swept-back hair, black but dotted with gray strands.
He wasn’t overly muscular, but certainly wasn’t slight either. He was
remarkably average-looking, but for some reason, Suimei felt like there was
something unusual about him. Suimei couldn’t really get a good read on the
man, but he certainly didn’t look to be the church type. He had a severe
look on his face. His eyes were closed, yet he walked forward with
confident steps. He was wearing what appeared to be dress clothes, the
hems of which were swinging in the air.
The path to the church was narrow enough it would only allow for two
people to walk abreast, so Suimei and Lefille quietly stepped aside to make
way for the man. He lightly nodded to them as a gesture of
acknowledgment, and continued along on his way.
Lefille craned her neck a bit to look behind her, and she stared at the
man’s back as if scrutinizing him. The sharp, discerning gaze she directed at
him certainly wasn’t something anyone would have expected from such a
childish face.
“Suimei-kun, that man...”
“Did you notice something about him?”
“No, I just thought that he was quite the master...”
Quite the master? Suimei hadn’t sensed any excess mana agitation as
they crossed paths. He hadn’t sensed anything mystical or any mysterious
wrenching of phenomena around him either. In that case, Lefille had to
mean...
“You mean... as a swordsman?”
“That’s right, but... What’s wrong? Don’t you also have knowledge of
swords?”
“No, I mean, I do in fact use a sword too, but... I’m not so skilled that I
can see through the subtleties of another swordsman. There’re a lot of
strong guys who keep their skills hidden inside rather than letting them

show, after all. I’m still a long ways away from being able to read those
delicate signs.”
“Huh... I see.”
But that meant this man had to have considerable prowess. Even
ignoring the fact that she was a spirit, Lefille possessed superior ability with
a sword. So if she had seen something in someone that Suimei hadn’t, that
was a testament to their power. It was something of the reverse, but a
similar situation had occurred back at the checkpoint...
“You know, that girl from before... Liliana, was it? She gave off a strong
vibe too, huh?”
Suimei was referring to the young mage called Liliana Zandyke. The
mana she emanated wasn’t something Suimei could ignore. Just from what
he’d seen then, he could see that she had considerable capabilities with
magic. Even though she likely didn’t have a mana furnace, she really had
some nerve to have that much mana in her.
“Liliana Zandyke, huh? There isn’t much known about her, but she
participated in skirmishes with a country to the south several times, and she
seems to have made a name for herself that way. They even call her the
Empire’s human weapon.”
“That’s a hell of a nickname...”
“She apparently earned it because she indifferently carries out missions
given to her, but the fact that she doesn’t show much emotion in the first
place probably has something to do with it.”
That much was certainly true. Just from their brief interaction at the
checkpoint, Suimei had gotten the impression Liliana wasn’t particularly
expressive. They’d only exchanged a few words, however, so he didn’t
know what she was really like.
“Oops, this isn’t the time for that. I need to go do my prayers quickly.”
With that, Lefille rushed ahead, tottered up the stairs, and opened the
pure white doors. The instant she entered the church, she locked eyes on the
Goddess’s statue and dashed over to it without a second thought or glance
anywhere else. A devotee... No, since the Goddess Alshuna was something
that truly existed in this world, it was a little different. Suimei followed her
into the church, and gazed upward as if to inspect the ceiling.
A sanctuary of the Church of Salvation. Unlike the popular churches in
his own world, there were no stained glass windows and no pipe organ.

However, with its tranquil atmosphere and ornate statue, it largely gave off
the same feeling.
The building itself had windows near the ceiling, and the sunbeams
coming in through them scattered as they fell to the ground. Anywhere the
sunlight didn’t reach was warmly illuminated with magic. The sanctuary
was dotted with people. There were small children dressed in clothing that
didn’t seem particularly lavish, calm elderly women, and well-kept elderly
men. They all sat facing the statue and silently offering up prayers. It was a
full-fledged, respectable church.
“Hello.”
While Suimei was sizing up this church from another world, a woman’s
voice called to him from the side. Suimei turned around to greet whoever it
was.
“Aah, hello... AAH!”
He managed something of a greeting, but was unable to restrain the
surprise that escaped his throat as a half-shout, half-gasp. His eyes then
darted around the room. Seeing him in such a fluster, the young woman
dressed like a nun called out to him again, her head titled to the side.
“Is something the matter?”
“E-Ears are attached!”
Suimei was unable to dispel his surprise in the end, such was the extent
of his astonishment. And all he could do was incoherently declare what
exactly it was that had caught his eye.
“Is that not obvious? You also appear to have ears, do you not?”
“Not that... I mean, um, that...”
“Ah, could it be that this is your first time seeing a therianthrope?”
“Uh...”
Hearing that word, Suimei recalled learning that the Empire was home
to a wide variety of races. One of said races were something known as
therianthropes. Born with characteristics of animals, they were a race native
to this world that had power beyond that of normal humans.
And realizing that this woman was one of them, Suimei was finally able
to make sense of her appearance. If she was a therianthrope, it wasn’t all
that strange for her to have animal ears. She was wearing what was likely
the religious habit of the Church of Salvation, blue robes with frills. Under
the veil that was attached to her outfit, Suimei could see slightly wavy pink

hair. But most notably of all, there were feline ears popping out that were
somewhat drooping over.
As Suimei nonchalantly looked at her face, she had a meek and gentle
expression... but he felt a great wisdom in her that didn’t betray an ounce of
meekness. Finally responding to her, Suimei politely apologized for his
agitated behavior just moments ago.
“I was just so surprised to see those ears... My apologies for being
shaken like that.”
“Is that so? Then it’s no wonder you were so surprised. People who have
not seen therianthropes before often react that way.”
The nun gave a moderate giggle. She carried herself like an older
woman, which made Suimei feel a bit shy, but... Setting that aside, the cat-
eared sister put her finger to her cheek and cocked her head to the side.
“Are you not going to pray?”
“No, I’m just that girl’s escort.”
Suimei nodded towards Lefille, who was kneeling down to offer her
prayers. The sister once more gave a cheerful smile.
“Oh my, that is quite the small lover you have.”
“Wha? What are you saying all of a—”
“But you mustn’t do that. It is not smiled upon in the Empire for a man
your age to accompany a small girl in that way, after all.”
“Hahh... No, you’ve got it all wrong! I’m telling you, that’s not what I
meant when I said escort!”
“Heehee, I know. It was but a joke.”
And with that, the sister confessed that she had intentionally gotten a
rise out of him. But there was no malice in it. With her pleasant smile and
her blooming figure, it looked like she was laughing at the man who was
getting flustered for no reason. He had been completely outwitted. Suimei’s
shoulders drooped heavily. Then, in stark contrast to her previous
lighthearted giggling, the sister looked over to Lefille and spoke quietly.
“What an ardent child.”
“Yeah... When I asked her where she wanted to go when we made it to
the capital, the first thing she said was the church. And here we are. She
wants to pray at a church as much as she can while we’re in town... Or so
she said as she tugged on my sleeve all the way here.”
“It seems she holds the teachings of our Goddess quite dear. At such an

age, she certainly has her act together.”
“Ahaha... Well, regarding her age, please don’t say anything about it in
front of her...”
“...?”
Unsure what Suimei was alluding to, the sister’s ears pricked up and she
looked at him curiously. Things certainly would be a lot easier if Lefille
could return to her normal form, and not just for her.
And while Suimei was idly scratching the back of his head over such
thoughts, he caught sight of the line that was forming next to Lefille. Now
that the sermon was over, people were gathering before the priest with
expectant, hopeful looks on their faces. Just what were they waiting for?
Suimei then decided to ask the sister about it.
“What is that line they’re forming after the service?”
“It is for Alshuna-sama’s oracle. After praying, His Excellency the
Bishop will pass down oracles from our dear Goddess... though most people
will not be so fortunate as to receive one themselves.”
“Hmm...”
So this was the oracle that had made Lefille go out on a limb and
introduce herself to Suimei in the first place. He could see the priest
standing next to the statue, holding a book to his chest as he muttered
something quietly. Looking closely, Suimei could see certain localized signs
of power. He couldn’t feel a spell or the movement of mana, but locally, just
where the priest was, there was theurgy at work and the aetheric was
markedly pronounced.
It was likely that the priest was using his own body as an intermediary to
allow for the intervention of the Goddess. He was a genuine oracle. As
Suimei saw through his power and muttered a word or two of admiration,
the sister gave him a puzzled look.
“I have to say it’s unexpected that you are unaware of such oracles. You
should find such scenes in any church...”
“There is no Church of Salvation where I’m from, you see.”
“Oh my, how unusual. However, the village that I came from also did
not have faith in the Goddess, so I understand.”
She clapped her hands together as if this realization was an unexpected
coincidence, and a sweet smile bloomed on her face. It was a serene
expression. Somehow between that and her animalistic presence, she gave

off a very tranquil atmosphere that tugged at Suimei’s heart.
“Which reminds me though...”
