we have settled on the current tactic. I would implore you to take into
consideration we’re working with what we have.”
Hearing Hadorious’s plan, Reiji decided to make their intentions clear
too.
“When the scouts return, I think we’ll also make our move as well.”
“My, what vigorous enthusiasm you have. If I might be so bold as to
suggest it, however, why not spare your energy and let us handle things
here, Hero-dono?”
Hadorious presented his offer with a veneer of courtesy, but that
couldn’t disguise the sneer underneath it. Reiji could distinctly see the
corners of Hadorious’s mouth subtly slanted upwards.
“I cannot. But you may stand back and let us handle this if you wish. I
am a hero. I will do what I must to the best of my ability.”
“Hmph, so be it. Though I do not have the slightest idea as to what your
goal here is, Hero-dono, if you say that you will advance towards the
demon army, then I will gladly accompany you.”
Letting his steadfast expression crumble at last, Hadorious flashed a
fearless smile. Reiji was infuriated. This man knew good and well why he’d
come.
Reiji was spurred by the urge to turn around and look at Gregory, but
managed to suppress it and continued to stare down Hadorious. Hadorious
then excused himself and went back to the center of the soldiers after
imploring Reiji and the others to wait for the scouts’ return. Was that it?
Was he just going to leave it at that? Considering he was in the presence of
the princess and the hero, his behavior was rather rude. Titania, however,
seemed unfazed by this. She simply narrowed her eyes as she watched him
walk away.
“He’s the same as ever.”
“It’s rare for you to talk like that, Tia. You don’t like him, do you?”
“It’s just as you saw. I have a favorable impression of him in that he
does not resort to flattery, but that intimidating, condescending air of his
stirs my defiant heart.”
She gave her evaluation in a low voice, and Reiji picked up on
something as she spoke. Something unexpected.

“...Do you hate to lose, Tia?”
“What?! No, well, um... More importantly, after meeting Duke
Hadorious, what do you think of him, Reiji-sama?”
“Well, it was unexpected. That he’s that kind of man, I mean.”
Reiji gave his honest impression of Lucas de Hadorious. Because he’d
used such underhanded means to entrap Suimei, Reiji had been expecting
something a little different. The stereotypical image of some gremlin-like
noble came to mind. It turned out his imagination was way off, but in a way,
this was much worse.
“You mean that you thought he would be some pathetic scumbag, but in
reality, he was a much nastier man than that?”
“It’s not that extreme, but... You really hate that jerk, don’t you, Tia?”
“Don’t you as well, Reiji-sama? This marks the first occasion I’ve ever
heard you refer to anyone as ‘that jerk.’”
“Huh...”
Having it pointed out to him, Reiji realized she was right. He’s said it
completely without thinking. He’d meant to be careful in his choice of
words, but he couldn’t hide his disgust in the end.
After their exchange, Mizuki called out to Titania with a somewhat
antsy expression on her face.
“I-Is that man also fighting? Isn’t he a noble?”
“Duke Hadorious hails from a long line of distinguished warriors even
in Astel. He also possesses tremendous skill in military arts.”
That was as much as Reiji had expected. The intimidating air he gave off
was beyond the norm, he was unafraid to take the front line, and his well
developed body indicated the serious training he put into it. He came across
as a military man through and through. Mizuki, however, had a somewhat
strange reaction to learning this.
“Wh-What about that huge scar on his face?!”
“That? I’ve heard the scar on his face is something he received in a
battle quite a long time ago. I have never seen him fight myself, but I have
heard his true strength is quite considerable.”
While speaking, Titania skillfully led her horse in a small half-circle,
turning to face everyone in the group. She then addressed them all in a low
tone, wary of other ears in the area.
“I believe that you know this after what you’ve seen, but Duke

Hadorious is a man you cannot let your guard down around. Reiji-sama,
Mizuki, make absolutely certain that you do not do so around him. Luka
and Roffrey, I entrust you two to support Reiji-sama and Mizuki.”
In response to Titania’s orders, the two knights immediately saluted.
“And Gregory, you will accompany me as you are.”
“But Your Highness...”
“There is no need to worry. No matter what measures Duke Hadorious
has taken against you, I am here. Be at ease.”
“Your Highness... I am in your debt.”
As Titania reassured Gregory, he humbly lowered his head. Standing
behind him, Roffrey seemed overcome with emotion and was moved to
tears for some reason. Luka beheld the princess with a reverent gaze.
“Tia seems pretty cool today, doesn’t she?”
“Yeah.”
“But you can’t fall in love with her, okay?”
“Wh-What?”
Reiji was taken aback by what Mizuki said, but she huffed and turned
away. Luka looked just as confused as Reiji did when Mizuki ran over and
hid behind her.
It was just about then a man who appeared to be a soldier came dashing
towards the camp from the thick of the forest with several others in tow. It
was likely the group of scouts who’d gone to survey the situation. Watching
them beeline for Hadorious without stopping until they reached him, Reiji
and the others also made their way towards the center of the camp. As they
arrived, Hadorious was inquiring what the kneeling scout had to report.
“What is the state of the demons?”
“Y-Your Grace! I come to report that the demon army...”
With sweat still trickling down his face, the soldier took a gasp of air to
catch his breath. In the dramatic pause just before he revealed the news,
everyone present except for Hadorious gulped. Just how many of them were
deployed? What kind of demons were there? Everyone’s imagination ran
wild with speculation about what his next words would be. But what he said
next floored them all.
“W-Was completely annihilated...”
There was a moment of incredulous silence.
“Annihilated, you said?!”

“Ridiculous. The reports said that there should have been more than a
thousand of them. And you’re telling me they were all annihilated before
even colliding with the army?”
Following Reiji’s yell, Hadorious’s astonished voice rang out too. Reiji
couldn’t help glancing over. As expected, Hadorious looked shocked. This
report had thrown even him for a loop. The camp around them broke out
into a mix of bewilderment and doubt. And there, Titania spoke up.
“Are you certain?”
“What? I...”
It seemed the scout had only just noticed her presence. After a short
moment of confusion, urged on by Hadorious, he replied in a panicked
voice.
“Y-Yes, there’s no mistaking it. In the plains beyond here, there was
nothing but the corpses of demons and monsters.”
“My god...”
With that, a heavy silence fell over the camp. This wasn’t bad news, but
with the situation what it was, doubt took precedence over any other
thoughts. Everyone was confounded at what was appropriate to say at a
time like this. After a few moments passed, it seemed that Hadorious had
thought of something and he turned to face Titania.
“Your Highness, could it be...”
“...No, we came here from the Nelferian Empire. It’s in the opposite
direction of where the demons are located, and even if that were the case,
just what reason would we have to put on such a petty drama here?”
“It was a foolish question...”
Hadorious dismissed his own ill-considered inquiry. He must have
thought that perhaps Reiji and the others had been the ones to annihilate the
demons. As a denizen of this world, even Hadorious believed in the hero
and his abilities. Hearing of such grand news, it wasn’t all that unreasonable
to assume the hero was behind it. Reiji, however, was clueless. And while
Hadorious was in the middle of contemplating something, Titania pressed
for action.
“Duke Hadorious, for the time being, shall we head over there?”
“Indeed, Your Highness. Let us go.”
★

Before reaching their destination, even Reiji had a feeling that there was
something preposterous waiting ahead of them. A choking stench that
smelled like a mix of iron and rot assaulted his nose, and an indescribable
thickness to the air. Both sensations combined gave Reiji goosebumps.
He couldn’t tell if the others felt the same thing, or if they just weren’t
letting it show. Other than the soldiers who were caught in an unsettled
vortex, everybody appeared to be composed. Hadorious was firm as ever,
and only Titania’s eyes had a slight light of insecurity to them.
Reiji casually lowered his gaze from atop his horse. The water that had
collected on the ground from the earlier rainfall, perhaps because of the
fading light, would sometimes appear to be red to him. He rubbed his eyes.
And before long, they emerged from the tree line.
“This is...”
Hadorious’s gasp hung in the air. As Reiji and the others arrived at the
site where the scouts reported the demons were, what came into view was a
scene that truly made them doubt their eyes.
“What... is this...?”
What Reiji saw from atop his horse was beyond description. Unable to
articulate what he was seeing or feeling, he could only gasp in horror. The
scouts had led them towards the foot of the mountain, and they’d come to a
relatively level, wide open plain with a clear view. And what they saw there
was massive fissures in the ground, earth that had become molten from high
temperatures and chilled back into solidified lumps, icebergs that seemed to
pierce the skies, some kind of unknown, pitch black swamps, and a
countless number of demon and monster corpses.
Now then, exactly what had happened in this place? A bright light shone
down from between the gray clouds, illuminating the bizarre scene. No one
present had ever witnessed anything like it before. Even with his modern
knowledge, Reiji couldn’t think of a single natural disaster that would leave
this kind of destruction in its wake.
Surely the only word appropriate for this devastation was catastrophe.
Listening carefully, Reiji felt like he could hear the lingering screams of the
demons. That was just how ghastly this scenery was. Even though the
demons were his enemies, he almost felt sorry for them upon seeing what
they had suffered through.
This was perhaps the very image of hell. No, it was safe to say a form of

hell had happened here.
Guided by the scouts and soldiers and following behind Hadorious, Reiji
asked a question to nobody in particular while riding atop his horse.
“This... is a path, isn’t it?”
A clearing extended in front of them in a perfectly straight line. Lacking
any traces of blood, meat, and the other destruction present in the field, it
was visually distinct. It was as if something had cut through this all,
determined to press forward without a hint of hesitation. Whatever it was
had moved straight ahead towards the forest at the foot of the mountains
while paving its way with the corpses of the demons who attacked it from
the sides. Taking this all in, Mizuki, who was following behind Reiji, began
muttering.
“Traces of magic...”
“Mizuki?”
“Yeah, there’s no mistaking it. This is all the aftermath of magic.”
Mizuki stated her assessment definitively, not holding back in the
slightest because she was convinced of it. Trembling, she turned and
pointed towards the unnatural ice formations and fires in the surrounding
