OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

Prologue
In the dead of night, a certain block of the imperial capital illuminated
by the dim light of the moon and stars was shrouded in an unnatural
stillness.
With the impeccable stone pavement on the ground—packed so tightly
to the point it was neurotic—and the beautiful red brickwork of grand
houses rising up from it, it was undeniably the upper class district of the
imperial capital. The dull luster of the moonlight skimmed the stone
pavement, and the red brick walls of the buildings looked heavy—rusty,
even—as they lay cloaked in shadow. One towering building in particular,
perhaps because it was built in such a crammed location, looked especially
oppressive in the lonely dark of the night.
In this place that seemed totally detached from the world of wooden
houses where the common folk lived, where boorish stone structures littered
the townscape, a single man was cornered in the darkness by two figures,
one tall and one short.
“You bastards! Do you think you’ll get away with doing this to me?!”
The man shouted at the two ruffians with enough vigor that he was
nearly frothing at the mouth. Wearing an overcoat made by a popular tailor
in the Empire, the man reeked of gold and self-importance. But right now,
he had no quarter to put either of those to use.
It wasn’t all that surprising. After all, behind the desperately shouting
man were his guards, who all appeared to be sprawled out across the
pavement.
“Ugh, someone! Is anybody else there?! Anyone will do! SAVE
MEEEEE!”
The man haughtily called for aid, but no one answered him. His insolent
voice merely rang out in the air, passing over the two shadows standing
before him before echoing into nothingness in the night. One of the figures,
the taller one in a pitch black robe, then crushed any hope the man had left.
“Nobody will come. No matter how much you scream, nobody will hear

it.”
“R-Ridiculous... Even in an alley this far from the street, we’re right in
the middle of the imperial capital. For nobody to even notice...”
The words from that shadow of a figure fanned the man’s anxiety like a
raging fire. Even though he knew it couldn’t be true, he couldn’t put his
heart at ease. Perhaps his instincts knew better than he did. For what the
dark figure said was true. No matter how much he yelled and screamed in
denial, not one patrolling military policemen or even a nearby resident
came. His words, his cries, his hope, everything... It was as if it was all
stolen away by the darkness.
But unable to contain himself in his panic, he continued to rant and rave.
“Why are you doing this to me?!”
“There is no need for a bastard like you to know that.”
The two shadowy figures sidled up to the man.
“W-Wait! Do you bastards want to work for me instead? I’ll pay as
much coin as you want.”
“Oh?”
“There just happens to be a man that I want to get rid of! Well? How
about it? For starters, I’ll pay you a hundred imperial coins up front. And I
don’t mean between the two of you! I mean a hundred each!”
For his own sake, the man proposed a trade of sorts. Hearing his offer,
the shorter figure trembled slightly. Assuming it was a sign they were taking
the bait, the man snickered. However, the one to respond was the taller
shadow.
“A hundred coins is quite the extravagant sum.”
“It certainly is! But you bastards are worth it! You knocked out my
guards in the blink of an eye, after all!”
“They were weak.”
“You’re telling me... I paid a hefty sum to hire them, but they were
useless in the end. But you bastards are different. You managed to corner a
well known man like me, after all.”
While affirming what the taller figure said, the man gave a tug on his
fishing line called praise. Then, judging that it was about time to reel them
in...
“How about it? I don’t think it’s a bad offer, right?”
He seemed to think that he’d swayed them, flashing a sickening grin at

the thought of his success. However, he didn’t get the response he was
expecting. And the short shadow drew threateningly near as if to answer his
question with actions rather than words.
“Wh-Why?! It’s a hundred coins each! That’s unheard of!”
“Certainly. However...”
The shorter figure spoke for the first time with a voice that sounded
awfully young. It sounded like a child at the age where it wasn’t clear
whether it was a boy or girl. The man waited with bated breath to hear what
the peculiar voice would say next.
“You said it yourself.”
“What...?”
“That you had someone you wanted to get rid of.”
“What of it? Everyone has one or two people they’d like to be rid of,
right? I don’t know who instigated it, but even you bastards probably have
similar motivations, which is why you’ve come for me like this. But that
aside, what do you think? If you are dissatisfied with the earlier amount, I
can even add on some—”
The man couldn’t finish what he was saying. He suddenly felt a
powerful, surging wave of hatred and anger from the smaller figure he was
trying to entice. It froze him in his tracks.
“I won’t let you get rid of that person.”
“What?! You bastard! Are you working for him?! No, it couldn’t be that
you’re—”
“There is no need to speak of that... Do it.”
Interrupting the man as he seemed to realize something, the tall figure
passed a command down to the short one, who immediately began
muttering a spell.
“Oh Darkness. Make the nihility of thy body into a curtain, envelop my
enemy, and submerge them within. Take the one who indulges themselves
in such wretched desire in their entirety, and hold them captive within that
curtain. Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron...”
Magic was woven together with the words the short figure spoke. From
what could be heard of the chant, it was a dark, fearsome spell. However,
just when the man expected to hear a keyword, the short figure began
reciting words the man felt like he had never heard before. He could hardly
understand their sounds, and certainly not their meaning. It was like they

weren’t words at all, but the growling of some beast. And then, at last...
“Darkness Torment.”
The keyword finally came. The man thought that he saw the dark curtain
around the short shadow begin to undulate mysteriously, and then the mana
that enclosed that darkness swelled up in an instant. As if emulating the
figure’s outstretched hand, it wriggled forth in an eerie manner. The two
shadowy figures, the moonlight, the starlight, anything and everything then
suddenly vanished from the man’s sight.
“STO—Ga, ah... AAAAAAAAAAAH!”
The man’s wailing was mercilessly swallowed by the darkness.
Eventually, ascertaining that the man was released from the darkness and
had in fact collapsed on the stone pavement, the tall figure quietly turned to
the shorter one.
“Let’s go.”
“Yes.”
The two shadowy figures then vanished into the night, taking the
unnatural curtain of darkness and the stillness accompanying it with them.
All that was left in the alleyway of the upper class district was the man,
who wasn’t even twitching, laid out on the pavement with his guards. All
that peered down on his shameless face was the twinkling starlight and the
moon hanging overhead.
OceanofPDF.com

Chapter 1: Entering the City, and the
Girl
Ten days had passed since the fight with Demon General Rajas. Suimei
and Lefille had crossed the national border and reached the outskirts of the
capital city of the Nelferian Empire, Filas Philia.
While walking along the stone-paved highway, Suimei shifted his
attention to their destination. They would be arriving shortly. When he lifted
his gaze, an enormous castle gate with ornate details adorning it—one so
grand that the ones in Astel hardly compared—caught his eye. It towered
over its surroundings as if trying to pierce the heavens.
The castle gate was far taller than the ones in Metel and Kurant City. If
the capital’s outer walls were comparably sturdier too, the architecture here
alone gave a glimpse into the Nelferian Empire’s national power. The city
was approximately twice the size of the Kingdom of Astel’s Metel, and
there were even cheap inns and marketplaces flooding outside the city
walls.
As Sun Tzu would put it, this was a land of crossroads. As expected of a
country that bordered three other countries, Nelferia was an important
intersection and saw a great deal of traffic. As such, the highways that
extended out to the east, west, and south were all well maintained. In no
small part thanks to that, the circulation of goods in the area was bustling,
which in turn contributed to the country being far more prosperous than
other nations.
Originally, Suimei had planned on staying in Kurant City for a time, but
plans had changed and he’d left promptly for Nelferia. The reason was none
other than the girl walking beside him—Lefille Grakis.
They had gotten into a fight with Rajas, who brought along a great
number of troops to advance on Astelian territory with some sort of ulterior
motive. But after defeating him, because she had overused the power of the
spirits, Lefille’s body had suddenly shrunk and she now looked like an

elementary school girl.
Thanks to that, Lefille had completely lost her power to fight and was
unable to carry her weapon of choice: a blade that measured about 180
centimeters. It went without saying, then, that she could no longer
undertake her journey all the way to the Nelferian Empire on her own. So
Suimei abandoned Kurant City in favor of accompanying Lefille across the
border.
There was that, but there was also the matter of Lefille’s curse. Just on
the way here, it had manifested several times. Each time it did, Suimei
would apply suppression magicka to abate its effects, but no matter what he
did, he was unable to completely clear away that immoral parasite within
her.
“...”
Thinking about it, his stomach turned and his cheeks burned. He hadn’t
done anything wrong, but it didn’t stop him from feeling like it.
If anybody had seen them, even though Suimei was only applying
magicka, he surely would have been branded a pedophile. It wasn’t like that
—not only was he just trying to help her, Lefille was actually older than
him—but that wouldn’t stop anyone from thinking the worst. But even
then...
I can’t just leave her alone...
Suimei didn’t even consider that an option. There was no way he would
allow her to travel on her own in this compromised state. And if left
untreated, her curse would only consume her more. Based on what Lefille
said, he was the only one who had the power to suppress it. Even after she
returned to her proper form, he felt like he ought to stay with her until he
was able to dispel the curse or find a way to negate it.
The demon or whatever that cast this curse... In the end, I guess we’ll
just have to beat the crap outta them, huh?
While staring at Lefille, that thought gradually took shape in Suimei’s
mind. The female demon Lefille had encountered with Rajas, if he
remembered right, she said was a lilin. In Suimei’s world, lilins were a type
of demon classified as a succubus. In folklore, they were described as evil
spirits who had intercourse with men while they were asleep and stole their
energy until they were completely dried up. The embodiment of human lust,
they gained substance, power, and physical forms. In this world, however, it

seemed they were strictly a subset of demons.
In order to break a curse, something normally had to be done about the
intermediary tied to the victim used to cast it. But considering the lilin was
probably carrying it and kept it close at hand, Suimei concluded it would
likely be easier and more effective to go after the lilin herself. It would be
tragic, for example, if they went to the trouble of destroying the
intermediary only for her to turn around and make another one. Better to cut
off the head than the tail, so to speak.
And so that was the plan for now. Even if he had to postpone going back
to his own world, Suimei wanted to help Lefille put an end to this.
“What’s wrong, Suimei-kun?”
“Hmm? It’s nothing...”
“Heehee, could it be that you’re charmed by my new look?”
With a surplus of composure in her expression as she spoke, Lefille spun
around on the spot as if to show herself off. The ornaments arranged on her
well-made children’s clothing fluttered lightly, and he could see a satisfied
look on her face. The ever-ladylike Lefille was being unusually
mischievous. That is to say, in other words...
“One way or another, you seem quite pleased. With the clothes, I mean.”
“No, that’s not... Yeah.”
As Suimei retorted with a broad grin, Lefille turned bright red and hung
her head. She felt like a child who’d been called out for pretending to be
mature, but it was something of the opposite. As an adult delighted to wear
children’s clothing, she was unable to conceal her embarrassment. She was
dressed not in her knight’s outfit—which was far too large for her as she
was—but in something new they’d purchased in Kurant City.
She’d hoped to find something that was just as easy to move in for the
rest of her journey to Nelferia, but the shop assistant at the clothier wouldn’t
yield. As a result, Lefille was now dressed in an adorable outfit with extra
girlish touches. She’d stubbornly pleaded, saying things like “Don’t treat
me like a child!” and “I’m a grown woman!” or even “Something this
cute... I-It isn’t my style.” But in the end, without any good reason to refuse
the shop assistant’s suggestions, Lefille ended up caving and buying what
she was wearing now.
OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

Shifting her gaze around aimlessly, Lefille asked Suimei for his opinion.
“...Are they nice?”
“Yeah, even the shopkeep said so, but they really are cute.”
“C-Cute? Hearing that doesn’t really make me happy...”
Though she was pouting, Lefille’s steps became awfully light. She was
secretly happy over being told she was cute. It was much the same way
guys felt about being called cool by members of the opposite sex. All
pretense aside, anyone would be happy about a compliment like that.
Seeing Lefille like this warmed Suimei’s heart, though he had mixed
feelings about the whole situation.
When I talk to her normally, she’s the same Lefille as ever.
Suimei corrected the position of the massive sword he was carrying on
his back, and watched Lefille as she practically skipped along while
humming. Ever since she’d shrunk, he felt like she’d become more
emotionally expressive. It wasn’t like she was particularly lacking in
expressiveness before, but reflecting on their interactions, she was almost
always calm, composed, and mature. It made her childish behavior now
seem all the more pronounced. Perhaps being in such a childish form was
having an effect on her personality, but he might never know for sure.
Regardless of the cause, however, she did truly appear to be a young
girl. She was only acting the way she looked, at worst. It made Suimei
worry she was trying too hard, but it was of little consequence. As Suimei
was pondering such things, Lefille suddenly stopped moving, made a severe
expression unfitting of her young face, and looked over at him.
“That reminds me, Suimei-kun. About why my body ended up shrinking
in the first place...”
“Oh yeah, I completely forgot. I did say I’d explain, didn’t I?”
“I’ve been so preoccupied that I forgot about it myself, honestly.”
Hearing her speak and seeing her look so serious, Suimei was reminded
of the actual problem at hand. Because things had been quite hectic up until
reaching the city, he’d largely put the matter out of his head.
But Lefille wanted to know why she’d gotten smaller. He’d had a
hypothesis the day it happened on the mountain, and she wanted him to
indulge her in more detail now. Suimei wrinkled his brow and stroked his
chin before endeavoring with his explanation.
“Now then, where should I start? Let’s see... In the world I’m from,

there’s this idea that everything we humans see is essentially just a pseudo-
projection of reality. The objects we behold are representations of forms,
their true essences. This notion is called the theory of forms.”
“The theory of forms?”
“That’s right.”
“Er, so everything I see is...”
Suimei nodded, and Lefille began musing over his explanation in her
head. In a world that had little such philosophy, it seemed to be a very
difficult idea for her to process. He tried to think of a way to simplify it.
“Well, for example, the me that you see right now is being visually
projected into your brain via your eyes. Much the same way, your other
sensory organs are perceiving information on me, an object.”
“Then if you’re an object, you’re a manifestation of an essence—a
form? In other words, that essence isn’t necessarily what I’m seeing... Is
that what you mean?”
“Roughly, yeah.”
“But by that logic, if people are just representations of some greater
ideal, wouldn’t we all look the same?”
“Since no one is perfect—since no object perfectly embodies its form—
we each look a little different. We’re imperfect in our own ways, inherently
giving us individual characteristics that, when perceived, make us
distinguishable. That’s why you and I don’t look the same, and it’s why
none of these trees, stones, or buildings are exactly the same either.”
“I suppose I can understand how this applies to naturally born creatures.
All living beings have a soul, after all. But how can it be true for manmade
things? Do people not create things in the likeness of their own ideas and
forms?”
“Yes and no. When people create things, they’re creating objects, not
forms. You might think, ‘Yeah, hey, I’m gonna do something like this,’ but
what you’re doing is giving an object individual characteristics like I was
talking about before. Humans may conceptualize forms, sure, but once you
bring that form into being, it’s not the form itself, but a representation of it.”
“So when we give substance to things, we’re just making a
manifestation of these forms?”
“That’s right.”
Suimei answered Lefille with a nod. It seemed that she was managing to

digest some of what he was talking about, but then her face turned grim and
she questioned him more.
“But Suimei-kun, if our existences are truly explained by this theory,
then is not everything we do in vain? It would mean that individuals are
arbitrarily perceived just by their characteristics as if drawn on paper!”
Her comparison to being drawn on paper was quite apt. It encapsulated
the whole idea, astonishingly so. It was a very natural conclusion to come to
after being exposed to the theory for the first time.
“Yep. Everything about the world we live in—including us who inhabit
it—is essentially that kind of flimsy existence. Your vision, hearing, taste,
smell, touch... All those really convey to you is a kind of deception.”
“Deception...”
She didn’t seem convinced. How could she be? How could everything
around her, including herself, not be what she thought it was? The puzzled
look on her face said she was at a loss for words. But that was only natural,
considering she’d basically been told she was living a lie.
“Well, just think of it as an allegory. There’s no need to think too deeply
about it.”
“Don’t say something so stupid, Suimei-kun. That theory is meant to
unravel my sense of reality, isn’t it? I can’t just write that off as an
allegory.”
“Well, yeah, but ultimately it’s just one concept from natural philosophy,
so I don’t think you should get too hung up on it...”
“Be that as it may, let’s just say that I understand the gist of it. What
does this theory have to do with why I shrank?”
When Lefille asked that, Suimei closed his eyes for a moment before
speaking again.
“If you get that much, the rest should be simple. Let’s keep going with
the idea that the world as we know it is basically a drawing of reality.
Normal humans have a body and a soul, right? Our representations in that
drawing, you could say, depend on those. Either one of those components
being compromised is fatal—it erases us from the picture. But you have
something special. You have a third component because you have the power
of the spirits. That contributes to how you’re drawn in the pictures, but even
without it, you’d still have a body and a soul. Losing it isn’t going to kill
you, see? But that doesn’t mean depleting it doesn’t have an effect. With

that aspect of yourself missing, the way you’re drawn in the picture
changes, essentially.”
“So nothing about me has changed but the way I’m represented... That’s
what happened? Because I depleted the power of the spirits, there’s nothing
wrong with my body or soul, just my image... which has changed to reflect
the part of myself I’m missing?”
“I think that’s the short of it.”
Currently, without her spirit power, Lefille was essentially an incomplete
version of herself. She less accurately represented herself than usual, and
that had to manifest in some way. Nothing was wrong with her body,
however, so it wasn’t like an injury or change in her complexion would
better reflect her condition. No, instead she was unwillingly perceived as a
small girl. That was a much more cogent representation of what she was
like without her spirit power.
Being told all this, Lefille folded her arms while letting out a groan.
“To think you even have the knowledge to be able to clarify this... The
world you come from is quite an outrageous place, isn’t it? Well, it was
pretty outrageous to hear that you were summoned from another world in
the first place.”
“Yeah, bummer of the year for me, personally.”
Suimei spoke with a disheartened expression, and Lefille flashed a bitter
smile at his strange fate.
“To have that much power and not be the hero who saves the world is...
truly something.”
“I don’t think I’m that big of a deal.”
“Even after what you did?”
“All I did was beat the crap outta a bunch of small fries. That’s really not
something for a magician to brag about, I’m telling ya.”
“There are also mages in this world who subscribe to that sort of
sentiment, but fundamentally, I think your ideals are set too high.”
“My ideals, huh? Well, you may just have a point there...”
Suimei recalled the man who embodied those ideals in his mind.
Certainly, because he took after that man—his father—it very well may be
true that his desires and standards were above the norm. That was just how
much he strove to be like him. And perhaps having guessed what was on his
mind, Lefille tried to get him to talk about it some.

“If you don’t mind me asking, would your father have been able to do
the same thing?”
“Yeah, and then some.”
“Including Rajas?”
Suimei thought over that question carefully. If it had been his father, just
how would it have gone? Of course, that wasn’t a question of whether or
not he would win. Suimei was treating his father’s victory as a foregone
conclusion. Rajas was sturdy and robust, but even in a head-on
confrontation, Suimei’s father likely wouldn’t have even raised an eyebrow.
“He would’ve beat that guy in an instant with a single fist, no joke.”
“A... A single fist?!”
“Yeah.”
Lefille was staggered, but Suimei nodded to affirm what he’d said.
Though he was a magician, his father was largely wheelchair-bound
after a battle when he was younger. His legs were lame, but it wasn’t like
his muscles had atrophied. And though he certainly didn’t have a physique
that competed with Rajas’s, by mixing together the fighting techniques he’d
fostered since days past with magicka as a martial art, as long as it wasn’t
greatly troubling to do so, he had the temperament to charge straight into
things.
Indeed, when it came to combat, he boasted of dreadful skill. The
magicka that he fired, even from his wheelchair, was endless. And though it
was only for a few seconds, he would stand up from his wheelchair in a
grand display, close in on his opponent like he was slipping through a gap
in their consciousness, and using just the combat technique called the
Trembling Flash of Lightning, he would thrust out a righteous fist to pierce
through the dead center of his opponent, ashes to ashes. And then after
using it, without fail, he would gaze at his fist and say, “Heh, I see my fist
still hasn’t withered away.”
“Yeah, if it were him, he could pull something like that off. Putting it
frankly, his strength was ludicrous.”
Suimei was sure of it. If it were his father, he would intuit what was
effective against demons in an instant. Using modern magicka theory, he
would have been able to figure it out on the spot. Suimei, on the other hand,
not only had taken time to figure it out, the whole process had reduced him
to a collapsed heap of exhaustion. That wasn’t a statement of Suimei’s

weakness, however; it was a testament to his father’s strength. He was that
strong even with the lameness of his legs, so his unimpaired strength was
difficult to even fathom.
“He could defeat a demon general that easily...?”
“He really just might have, yeah. Seriously, how did he get that freaking
strong? Well, it’s not like I can ask him now...”
No, it was no longer possible for Suimei to ask how his father had come
to be that way. His father had died that day right in front of him. In the
middle of walking down his own path in life, he’d passed the torch on to
Suimei that day.
“How do I put it? I feel like there’s a preposterous gap between our
worlds.”
“Yeah, well... For starters, the progress of civilization here and there is
completely different. When technology advances, so does humanity, you
see? We get stronger. Not like you need to get any stronger, Lefille.”
“Is that sarcasm?”
“We are talking about the little lady who overpowered Rajas with a
single sword strike. If you’re not strong already, then what are you? You’ve
got a power that’s like the natural enemy of magicians. Seriously...”
That exasperation truly came from the depths of his heart, his honest
thoughts. Even in his world, Lefille’s telesma was exceptional. After
pausing for a moment on that thought, Suimei stared up at the blue sky as if
he intended to pierce through it with his gaze.
“One day, I want to be a magician on his level...”
★
While watching the large flow of people coming and going as they
continued down the road towards the imperial capital of Filas Philia, Suimei
and Lefille eventually arrived at the city gates. They stood in line for entry
inspection in order to officially enter the city. Annoyed by the midday sun
beating down on them, Suimei squinted as he looked around at the city
gates and walls. In the middle of that, he casually threw a question to
Lefille.
“This is a little late, but just what kind of place is this Nelferian
Empire?”

Lefille frowned like she was at a loss for words for a moment before
replying to his beyond eleventh-hour inquiry.
“A little late, indeed. We’ve been in the imperial territory for a while
now, you know? Don’t you already know what it’s like?”
“To me, everywhere feels the same. If I had to say what was different
from Astel, then it would just be that there’s more people and more stuff.”
Admitting that, Suimei shrugged his shoulders. Everything in this world
felt old and Western to him. As someone from modern Japan, it all felt
equally foreign. Lefille may have been able to grasp various differences
from the cheap inns and villages along the way, but from Suimei’s point of
view, everything in this world was so different to him that he was clueless
in that regard. Even looking around, all he could really tell was that people
were dressed a little differently.
“Didn’t you investigate it in Astel’s library?”
“All I have is book knowledge, so I’d like to hear your impressions.”
“My impressions of the Empire, huh?”
Lefille pondered Suimei’s request. He wanted the frank opinion of
someone from this world. Such firsthand information would likely be the
best basis for making any decisions. After a few pensive moments, perhaps
having arrived at an answer that she was satisfied with, Lefille nodded.
“Let’s see... If I were to describe the Nelferian Empire in a single phrase,
it’s a country with strong national power. Yeah.”
Suimei disappointedly slumped his shoulders and smiled wryly at such
an obvious statement.
“Y-Yeah, that was about what I gathered from my research...”
“I bet. Nelferia’s affluence is famous. Their military isn’t lacking,
either.”
“However, it doesn’t really feel all that much like an empire though.
What’s up with that?”
Suimei brought up the question that had really been on his mind. He
understood the word “empire” to describe a nation that ruled over many
races and countries with its might and clout. Successful empires were
usually in the habit of expanding, so he would have expected Nelferia to be
constantly putting pressure on neighboring nations, but unexpectedly, it
appeared to be in a friendly alliance with them.
Perhaps it was still appropriate to call the nation an empire since it ruled

over many different races and peoples, but something still didn’t feel right.
And in addition to that, to Suimei, just like the majority of the Japanese
people, the word “empire” brought to mind the established imperialism of
present day and historical Japan, but...
“That can’t be helped. It’s true that originally it was a powerful country
that annexed land from many of its neighbors, but after a war a hundred
years ago, the Empire lost a lot of its power and settled into the state it’s in
now.”
“Settled in, huh? So even though it was an ambitious nation, they
haven’t changed in a hundred years?”
“More or less. Nelferia was part of the alliance even back then, but after
the war, the other nations built up their militaries to rival Nelferia’s.”
“So even though they’ve recovered their national power, you’re saying it
would be difficult for them to pull anything like that again.”
“Mhm. And the biggest reason for that is likely largely because of the
hero summoning ritual.”
Hearing that unexpected phrase come out of Lefille’s mouth, Suimei
donned a somewhat befuddled expression.
“The hero summoning? What does the hero have to do with a war
between fellow human nations?”
“One was summoned during the war back then. A hero, that is.”
“Oh...?”
Hearing Lefille’s explanation, Suimei’s befuddlement only increased. If
he remembered correctly, the summoning of heroes was said to be
something that was only performed when the world was in danger. It was a
ritual only performed with the consent of a conference of the highest
agency held between the heads of states, the Mage’s Guild, and the Church
of Salvation. So why was a hero summoned over a fairly ordinary war?
While Suimei was making an odd face with his head cocked to the side,
Lefille answered his largely unasked question.
“It’s something that is widely passed down as legend. At the time, the
sovereign of the country that stood where the self-governed state of the
Saadias Alliance currently does suddenly declared a dictatorship, waged
war on the neighboring countries, and began the full-scale slaughter of
citizens.”
“Yeah, okay, wholesale slaughter is pretty extreme... Why did he do such

a thing?”
“Who knows? Those details were never passed down, so as far as I’m
aware, it was just because he was excessively indiscriminate, cruel, brutal,
and above all else, strong. And at the rate of his tyranny, people thought it
wouldn’t be long before the whole world fell at his hands. A localized crisis
became a worldwide one quickly.”
“Ah...”
Lefille’s explanation reminded him of something. A memory in the
corner of his mind crawled to the surface. He recalled something both the
Prime Minister Gless and Dorothea, the clerk at the Twilight Pavilion, had
mentioned. Approximately a hundred years ago, there was a tyrant who
tried to make the world his own. At that time, three heroes were summoned
who went on to write the epic tale of smashing his ambition to pieces.
However...
“So heroes were summoned to put a stop to the war... Ah!”
“Sounds like you figured it out. That demonstrated that the hero
summoning could be carried out to oppose aggressive nations. So if the
Nelferian Empire were to ever turn on its neighbors in such a fashion, and if
the other countries came into agreement...”
“Then heroes might be summoned to stop them.”
“That’s right. It’s said that the Nelferian Emperor at the time witnessed
the power of the hero with his own eyes and instead of awe, he trembled in
fear. After that, he was quoted as saying, ‘We must not conduct ourselves in
a way to draw the ire of a hero.’”
“Yeah, I can see that.”
If it was that serious, Suimei was pretty convinced. To make such a
powerful emperor who had the rest of the world by the throat back down
over just displaying their power, the summoned hero really had to be
something.
“So thanks to things like that, the hero summoning ritual or whatever is
just that feared and revered, huh?”
“That’s right. Heroes are powerful forces that can defeat Demon Lords,
demons, and powerful evil beasts. It is said that a single hero rivals the
armed forces of a single nation. So there’s no way that threat wouldn’t be a
powerful deterrent, right?”
“I bet.”

“Because of that, even though there are skirmishes between nations,
there have been no large-scale wars on an international level for quite a
long time.”
“It’s that big of a deal, huh?”
“Well, if there’s been anything of note, it would be the clash between
Astel and Shaddock two years ago. That one ended in Astel’s victory due to
the great efforts of Her Royal Highness Titania from the Kingdom of Astel.
Suimei’s eyes shot wide open when he heard that bolt out of the blue.
“Tia’s?”
“Tia...? Ah, you mean the princess? Yeah, I heard that she was quite
active at the time.”
“Hmm, so the princess was...”
Suimei stood there, completely dumbfounded and mumbling to himself.
This was unexpected. Astel’s princess, Titania, was lively, but prim. She
was practically attached to Reiji at the hip, and he couldn’t even imagine
her marching out onto a battlefield to take a leading role. He was under the
impression her magical abilities were lacking compared to Felmenia’s, but
was she really hiding some sort of fearsome strength?
He couldn’t know for sure. Even if she’d played an active role, there
were lots of ways to do that. Strategy, for example. However...
Was it because she’d fought before that nobody objected to her going on
the subjugation?
Suimei thought back to what happened at the castle. When Reiji and the
others were being sent off, the king and the first prince along with a long
line of people from the castle showed their gratitude and were reluctant to
see the princess go, but not once did Suimei remember anyone trying to
keep her from leaving. There had to be a reason for that, and perhaps, just
perhaps, it was because they trusted in her capabilities.
“Next in line!”
While Suimei was turning all this over in his head, a voice called out to
him and Lefille from the checkpoint. It seemed their turn had finally come.
They put their conversation on hold for the time being and approached.
There were several members of the Nelferian military police standing
within the snug room, urging on the people who’d been in line ahead of
them through the doors into the city proper. A young man who appeared to
be a civil officer in charge of documentation and tax collection called out to

Suimei and Lefille as they entered.
“You two are looking to enter, correct?”
“Yes.”
“That’s right.”
Hearing their answers, the young man presented them with some
documentation. It looked to be a registry form. When Suimei left Metel and
when he entered Kurant City, he’d had to fill out the same kind of form, so
he knew what to do with it.
“Then please record your name here. Also, if you have something to
signify your status, please cite it... Actually, excuse me, as for writing...”
As Suimei quickly walked up to the counter to write and Lefille tottered
over, the young man started to backpedal on his request.
“Yes, I can write.”
“Not a problem here.”
“My apologies. Then please fill out the form. After that, you’ll just pay
the following entry tax and charges for passage, then you’ll be all set.”
Pleased with being treated quite courteously by the civil officer, Suimei
began filling out the entry form. The civil officer then turned a carefree
smile towards Lefille. Perhaps because he liked children or perhaps just
because he was kind, as Suimei started to think he was being too polite, the
civil officer stooped down a little.
“So would you mind filling out this form too, little lady?”
His request was courteous, but Lefille looked unhappy. Suimei thought
he saw her shoulders twitch, and she made a stern expression.
“Sir, I am not a ‘little lady.’ Would you please correct yourself?”
“Ahahaha, I guess you’re right. Sorry, princess.”
“What’s with that way of talking?! Are you brushing my request off as a
child’s nonsense?!”
In response to the way the young clerk was dealing with her, Lefille
began to yell furiously. It was much like what had happened when they
went shopping for clothes in Kurant City. Whenever someone treated her
like a child, she would overreact in this theatrical fashion. It seemed she just
couldn’t let it go without making a fuss about it.
“S-Suimei-kun! Suimei-kun you say something too!”
“What, me?!”
“That’s right!”

Now that she’d turned to him for help, what was he supposed to do?
Surely she wasn’t expecting him to say, “Actually this child shrank after
getting into a fight with demons.” That would only invite laughter. As
Suimei contemplated exactly what he should do, the clerk turned a bright
smile his way.
“Ahahaha, your companion is quite full of energy, isn’t she? Must be
difficult.”
“Ah, no, well... Yeah, hahaha.”
In the end, that was all Suimei could do. He was just trying to go with
the flow, but Lefille grabbed him and shook him by the hips since she
couldn’t reach his shoulders.
“Suimei-kun! Why are you just laughing this off?!”
“No... You see...”
He wanted to tell her that there wasn’t much else he could do. As Lefille
clung to Suimei in desperation, the clerk smiled again and nodded.
“Children around this age are always trying to act older, aren’t they? I
also have a sister who’s a fair bit younger than me, so I understand.”
It seemed he had experience with young children. But looking around
the room, Suimei could see the military police were also smiling at Lefille’s
antics. The ordinarily tense checkpoint was filled with an unusually
pleasant atmosphere.
“Ugh... Fine. Let’s just fill it out quickly and get out of here.”
Lefille finally gave up and returned to her usual self. But...
“Hnnngh, hnnnnngh...”
“What’s wrong?”
For some reason, with one hand on the writing counter and the other
reaching out for the form, Lefille was letting out a groan like she was
stretching with all her might. Even though Suimei asked her what was
going on, she was too focused on her endeavor to answer. With an agonized
voice, she called out her unnamed opponent.
“Gah, of all the things... to lose to this kind of...!”
“Huh...?”
“Not yet! I won’t give up yet! Even I have my pride! I won’t throw it
away!”
Saying such exaggerated things as a way to try and cheer herself on, the
tiny Lefille tried to persevere. And though she exerted herself for a while,

having perhaps sensed that the struggle was useless, she plopped down on
the floor like a child and muttered in despair.
“I... I can’t reach the paper...”
Lefille’s tearful voice as she admitted defeat was adorable in its own
way. She was tall enough to reach the counter, but because she didn’t have
enough clearance, she couldn’t get to the form. Was that really what she’d
been fighting so hard for?
The young clerk then walked over to her and presented her with a chair.
“Here you go, little lady. Feel free to use this chair as a stand.”
“I’m... I’m...!”
Even though the clerk was only being kind, Lefille was about to blow
her lid again.
“I’m...”
However, looking at both the table and the chair, Lefille gradually lost
steam and sank further into depression. And eventually, unable to say
anything more, she simply hung her head dejectedly, got up on the chair,
and began filling out the form.
Even with her ponytail swishing behind her, it was easy to see she was
in low spirits. The short of it was that she didn’t want to admit that she had
gotten smaller, and having to accept help like this felt like defeat. Suimei
pattered her shoulder to comfort her, and he heard her muttering to herself
over the scratch of the quill pen across the paper.
“How pathetic...”
Before long, just about the time they were finishing up filling out their
forms, Suimei noticed a girl appear from another door that led to the city.
Suimei glanced over, finding it strange that someone would enter the room
without being called in by the clerk. The members of the military police,
however, all turned towards the girl and immediately saluted her.
“Second Lieutenant Zandyke!”
The girl the clerk addressed as a second lieutenant appeared to be in her
early teens. She had reddish-violet twintails, a somewhat unhealthy-looking
complexion, and an eyepatch covering her right eye. Based on the look in
her other eye, Suimei couldn’t tell whether she was tired or not, but she
gave off an awfully strange impression. She was wearing clothes that gave a
somewhat gothic Lolita feel with a military-style coat overtop, all complete
with long gloves. Since her outfit looked like something from his own

world, Suimei’s eyebrow slightly shot up.
It was quite the eccentric getup. Suimei had sometimes seen people in
his world dressed like this, but it had been quite a while since he’d actually
seen someone in something so in-your-face. It wasn’t like it didn’t suit her,
however. Rather, it stood out precisely because it did suit her. And Lefille
seemed to share Suimei’s opinion in that regard...
“H-How... cute...”
Or not? Apparently she had complex feelings about excessively frilly
clothing now. But while Suimei and Lefille were each having their own
reactions to her, the girl who appeared to be a soldier walked up to the
young clerk and spoke in a tone that was so cold that it was hard to even
call businesslike.
“I came to retrieve... the registry from the other day.”
“Yes, ma’am!”
The young clerk straightened up with a snap as he stood to attention and
saluted like he had a pole rammed up his spine. He then quickly pulled a
leather-bound book from a cabinet and handed it over. Receiving it, the girl
quickly scanned over it, gave a nod, and then slammed the book shut.
The Empire apparently handled its military differently than other
countries. Someone at the level of a company officer seemed to be treated
like she was of fairly high social standing. She had an oddly modern aura,
but setting that aside, based on her looks, she was about twelve or thirteen,
maybe slightly older. Being in the military at that age was incredibly
unusual. It would make her a child soldier.
It seemed she noticed that Suimei was staring at her, and she turned a
sleepy yet reproachful eye on him.
OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

“Never seen... a soldier before?”
“No, that’s not exactly it...”
While Suimei was about to apologize, Lefille said exactly what he was
thinking in his stead.
“It’s just that we thought you were awfully young to be one.”
It seemed something in the way she worded it touched a nerve, and the
girl looked over to Lefille with a sullen expression.
“I don’t want to hear that... from a child smaller than me.”
“What?! I’m not a small child!”
Suimei let out a grand sigh. Of course it came back to this. Lefille was
right back at it with the slightest provocation. As Suimei was contemplating
how he could get Lefille to stop overreacting, the two girls were already
squaring up.
“Would you like... to have a match?”
“Yeah, I’ll take you on.”
Seemingly intent on starting some kind of bout, the two girls stepped
towards each other. Surely they didn’t intend to start a fight right here and
now...
“Hey, wait a sec, Lefille.”
“Don’t try and stop me, Suimei-kun. I can’t back down from this battle.”
“Can’t back down? But it’s not... Huh?”
Lefille didn’t listen to Suimei. While keeping the other restrained with
their gaze, the two girls began circling around each other. They moved
slowly, but had their eyes fiercely locked so neither would miss a thing.
Eventually, perhaps having found a good opportunity, Lefille jumped
forward and sprang into action. The girl across from her also stepped forth
as if to match her. And just as Suimei thought they were going to collide,
they came to a sudden stop right in front of each other.
“...Hmph.”
“Tch...”
They were staring each other down, standing so close together that their
noses were practically touching. And then, without warning, they once more
leaped back and took their distance. They appeared to be back to square one
now, but this time they were eyeing each other from the side.
Just what the hell are they doing?
That was all Suimei could frankly wonder as he looked at the two of

them dubiously. Lefille and the girl, as if competing in some form, stood
pin straight as they looked down their noses at each other. This was a
confrontation, surely, but nothing like a fistfight. It almost looked as though
they were deciding superiority based on height. Suimei cocked his head to
the side along with the other men in the room who were trying to figure out
the same thing. The two girls went face to face once more, lined up side by
side, and then folded their arms under their chests. They were performing
the same senseless gestures over and over again.
Before long, having finally arrived at the answer, Suimei let out an
exasperated sigh.
Oh, they’re competing by comparing their breasts...
That was likely the short of it. Both of them looking like they were at
the age where their assets had only just started to develop, neither one had
anything going for them in that regard, but it was the only explanation that
seemed to make any meaning out of their actions. Suimei couldn’t help
thinking it was a strange thing to compete over, though.
What made them decide to back off? Advance? Any of it? That was all
completely incomprehensible to him. Did they think that the spirit and vigor
they put into this would count as a plus in their favor when it came to size?
As Suimei casually watched their little match, it seemed that the current
Lefille was a little smaller compared to the girl.
The girl seemed to reach that conclusion too, and with a smile that was
smug and self-satisfied rather than triumphant, she declared her victory.
“How’s that...? I am more... ladylike... than you.”
“Grr, to lose in size to a little girl...”
Lefille frustratedly conceded that much, but the girl continued to beat a
dead horse.
“No. With this, you have no right... to call me a little girl. You can
address me... as your older sister.”
“N-Never! If I were just in my original form, then...!”
Lefille was screaming that she hadn’t yet lost, and it was quite
unsportsmanlike of her. In her normal form, she had a chest ample enough
that anyone would take notice of it, but bringing that up now was pointless.
Hearing her choice of words, however, the girl raised an eyebrow.
“...Original form? Ah.”
She didn’t have to puzzle over it long before arriving at an answer.

“You.”
“Wh-What?
“You should get your head... out of your dreams. It’s often said that
children your age... can’t differentiate reality from imagination, but if you
insist... on living in some fantasy, you’ll end up... regretting it one day, you
know?”
“Bwuh?!”
Did she mean to say Lefille had chuunibyou? Certainly if someone
didn’t know any better, hearing Lefille talk so brazenly about her “original
form” might lead them to that conclusion. But this girl’s words stabbed at
Lefille like a knife. She staggered as she turned away and stumbled over
towards a bench in the room on unsteady legs.
“Lefille?”
“Suimei-kun... Could you just give me a minute?”
“Yeah, I get it.”
“Don’t try and comfort me. It only makes me feel more pathetic.”
Suimei’s smile stiffened up. Meanwhile, Lefille plopped down on the
bench, grasped her knees, and buried her face in her lap without moving. A
profound darkness, far darker than the aura wielded by the demons,
surrounded her. It had been nothing but one insult after another today.
The other girl then took a few steps towards Suimei.
“You do not appear... to be one of this nation’s people. Where... did you
come from, foreigner?”
“Uh, I’m from the East. And that girl, Lefille, is the daughter of an
acquaintance of mine.”
“The East, you say...? You don’t mean Astel... but further east than that,
right?”
“Well, yeah.”
She was speaking to and looking at him as if cross-examining him. She
seemed to be mentally going through all the various peoples in and around
Astel to try and determine where he’d come from, but she had a strange
reaction to Suimei’s answer.
“As... expected.”
She muttered to herself with her eye closed, then opened it and turned a
gaze as sharp as a falcon’s on Suimei.
“Hey now...”

“S-Second Lieutenant!”
Suimei let out a low, reproachful voice right back at her, and the young
clerk in the room sounded quite alarmed. When Suimei declared that he
came from a country outside of Nelferia’s alliance, the young soldier
apparently came to the conclusion he might be a spy. And when he started
to feel hostility and mana coming from her, his sense of danger only
multiplied.
“What did you... come here for?”
“I don’t see any reason I should have to answer that.”
When Suimei replied curtly, the girl unleashed even more of her mana.
If she were confronting any normal human, it wouldn’t have been unusual if
they’d fainted in her presence now.
“S-Second Lieutenant! P-Please calm—Eek!”
“...You’re in the way.”
With that, the girl scowled at the clerk and turned her mana on him.
Feeling the pressure, he instinctively backed up and bumped into a desk.
They were supposed to be on the same side, so just why was this girl
throwing around her hostility so indiscriminately? Even the members of the
military police present had stiffened up and made no move to oppose her.
The crestfallen Lefille lifted her head when she picked up on the tense
atmosphere and came running over.
“What’s going on all of a sudden?”
“This has nothing... to do with children. Just go back over there... and be
quiet.”
“You want me to just sit by and watch while you throw around that kind
of dangerous aura?”
“That’s right. This is... what needs to be done... with the one liable to
bring harm to the Em—”
“What are you talking about?”
Lefille coldly cut her off, throwing a sharp gaze and sharp words at her.
No one would have known she was sulking from her previous defeat just
moments ago.
“Who gets that hostile with someone who’s just following the rules and
legally trying to enter the country? To treat people like this without just
cause... Is the imperial army here really that uncouth?”
“What... did you just say?”

“What happened to the army that was extolled for its strictness of
integrity above all other nations? And what about the main principles of the
imperial doctrine, article twelve, clause three? Could you say that your
actions right now are properly upholding that doctrine?”
In response to Lefille’s statement, the girl’s expression became
extremely bitter. What Lefille had just referenced seemed to be a regulation
of the imperial army. Called out on that front, the girl directed a stare at
Lefille that was as sharp as any rapier, and then decided to back down in
honor of said regulation.
“Very well. I... will relent.”
Pausing for a moment there, she once more turned towards Suimei, and
threw him a frosty look too.
“However, this is the Empire. Do make sure... you don’t try anything
funny.”
And in response to her frigid tone, Suimei replied in a slightly joking
manner.
“And what if I say I will?”
“I’d kill you.”
She spoke with no hesitation at all, and her voice was icy cold. Those
must have been words she was quite familiar with. Though it may have just
been an attempt to provoke him, Suimei wondered if she’d really go that far
over him merely saying something. If this were Japan, this girl would be
just about the age she was entering middle school. To hear such a young girl
say something so threatening, Suimei was left with incredibly mixed
feelings.
Naturally, he understood that part of that was because of his mindset as a
modern man. He had certain expectations for children, especially coming
from a largely peaceful country. But when civilizations differed, so did their
ethics and morals. It wasn’t that unrealistic that the age of enlistment was
much lower in a medieval world like this. It just made the difference
between this society and the one he knew all the more striking. But for
Suimei to show pity for a child soldier here was in a sense, culturally
insensitive, if not just plain rude and condescending. Of course, it wasn’t
like he approved of the child soldiers, either. He was conflicted. For a
moment, he nearly replied to her with pity in his eyes, but he promptly
stopped himself and kept up with the joking tone.

“Oooh, what a scary little girl.”
“Little girl? It was one thing... coming from that child, but from an adult
like you who should have more discretion... It’s slander. I’ll take you... to
the imperial military court.”
In response to Suimei’s mocking behavior, the girl made a sullen face
and thrust an emphatic finger out at him. Her antsy, frustrated demeanor
was unexpectedly charming in its own way. Meanwhile, Lefille was still
scowling and muttering.
“You’re still on about that...?”
“Now now...”
Sensing that the immediate danger had passed, the young clerk timidly
tried to butt in to mediate. The girl, however, seemed to understand that
Suimei was joking, and she turned to him without any of the intimidating
fierceness from before.
“I’m leaving.”
With that, she took the registry she’d been handed and went back
through the door into the city.
“Phew... This is kind of a bad omen before we’ve even entered the city,
huh?”
With the tension cleared from the air, Suimei let out a sigh of relief. The
young clerk followed up with an even bigger one.
“Please do refrain from making such provocative remarks. That girl is
Second Lieutenant Zandyke, after all.”
“Ah, yeah, sorry about that.”
As Suimei awkwardly scratched the back of his head, Lefille spoke up.
It seemed she’d recalled something.
“I see. I thought I recognized that last name, but was that Liliana
Zandyke?”
“You know her?”
“Her father is one of the Seven Swords, Rogue Zandyke. Even in the
Empire, she’s a distinguished mage. Despite being so young, I’ve heard that
she’s remarkably talented and has even been made one of the Imperial Elite
Twelve.”
“Hmm... If Mizuki heard that, she’d be ecstatic.”
The Seven Swords, the Imperial Elite Twelve... That was the kind of
juicy fantasy material that Mizuki lived for, and it was enough to tell

Suimei that this girl was actually quite a bigshot. Even on Earth, there were
similar titles given to distinguished magicians and swordsmen. It likely
worked the same way here as well.
After Lefille speculated on the girl’s identity, the clerk nodded to
confirm what she’d said.
“Yes, that’s right. That’s why I believe you should avoid acting in such a
way where she might have her eye on you.”
“I’ll be careful.”
Suimei accepted the friendly warning, and conversation came to an end.
The clerk then urged Suimei and Lefille over to a bench.
“Now then, I need to go finalize these papers, so please just wait here a
moment.”
While Suimei was scrutinizing the vestiges of the girl’s mana, Lefille sat
down on the bench and dangled her feet around as if to distract herself from
the tedium. The military police then called in the next people to enter: a
small group of what looked like travelers. While they were filling out their
forms, they struck up a conversation with the young clerk.
“Hey, did you hear? They’re saying a hero was summoned in Astel.”
“Yes, if I am not mistaken, he’s called Reiji-sama. Lots of people are
talking about him.”
Hearing the familiar name of his good friend, Suimei’s ears twitched.
Lefille, who knew of Suimei’s circumstances, turned and whispered to him.
“Suimei-kun, that’s...”
“Yeah, they’re probably talking about my friend.”
It hadn’t even been all that long since they’d departed on their journey,
yet travelers had already heard the news. He must have done something to
earn a reputation for himself. While Suimei secretly praised him for
accomplishing that, the two traveling men continued their conversation with
the clerk.
“He was acknowledged by the most prominent members of each
attribute in the Mage’s Guild and given the title Attribute Master.”
“Oh yeah, for how he could manipulate magic of all attributes, right?
Man, the Attribute Master...”
“It is a splendid title, isn’t it? Attribute Master. I am but a civil officer,
but I look up to him.”
Hearing those two words repeated three times, Suimei was starting to

lose control on the floodgates of his laughter.
“Tch... Pfft... Seriously, knock it off...”
“...?”
Watching Suimei try to choke back laughter, Lefille stared at him
blankly. Neither one of them was prepared for the surprising declaration the
travelers made next.
“I hear that he recently led a force from Astel against an invading army
of demons attacking Kurant City and exterminated them all.”
“Not only that, I hear he even defeated a demon general too. If I
remember right, it was the one called Rajas, I think?”
Lefille was the first to react, and Suimei quickly followed suit with a
puzzled expression.
“Wha?!”
“Hey now... What’s going on here?”
The young clerk, however, sounded completely impressed.
“It truly is amazing. It hasn’t even been that long since he was
summoned, and he’s already got such achievements to his name...”
Suimei and Lefille were impressed too, to be fair, but it was for a very
different reason. They exchanged knowing looks with each other. It seemed
that, completely unbeknownst to them, the story had taken a strange turn
somewhere.
★
His horse raced across the ground muddied by the recent rain. Before the
kicked-up mud could fall back to the earth, he’d spurred his horse on faster
and was long gone from the spot. The minute amount of water splashing
into the air sparkled like faint gray crystals thanks to the still gloomy skies.
It was a few days before Suimei and Lefille arrived in the imperial
capital of Filas Philia.
After hearing of Suimei’s crisis from Gregory, Reiji took off on
horseback and was soon joined by Mizuki and Titania, who chased after
him. The three of them crossed the border between Nelferia and Astel,
coming upon the woodlands that spread out to the east of Kurant City.
Splitting off from the highway, they were just about to arrive at the tree
line of the vast woodlands using paths that could hardly be called roads. All

they could see before them was green as far as the eye could see. Riding
next to Reiji, Titania gripped her reins tightly and called out to him.
“What luck we had, finding some horses along the way... If not for that,
we may never have caught up with you, Reiji-sama.”
What she was talking about with a relieved expression was her good
fortune in managing to join back up with Reiji. Finding out about his good
friend Yakagi Suimei’s crisis, even knowing he was being foolish, Reiji had
dashed off on his own. Titania and the others followed after him, and on the
path back to Astel, they’d luckily managed to find and borrow some horses.
With those, they were able to catch up to Reiji while he was letting his
horse rest partway to his destination. Reiji, however, seemed to feel
differently about it and spoke to her apologetically.
“Yeah... But isn’t this wrong, Tia? You ended up getting dragged into
this because of my selfishness...”
“It is hardly a matter of right and wrong in such a fashion. You needed to
go, and that was all the reason needed to come. It is my duty to accompany
you.”
“Sorry, this time, it’s...”
Yes, this time, he was the one at fault. Both for the demons advancing
into Astel, and for running off on his own. To say that he was the cause of it
all wouldn’t be wrong. And now that the girls had come along, he knew that
he was responsible for them too. He felt guilty. However, as if she wasn’t
worried at all about his internal remorse, Titania shook her head with a
smile.
“No, this situation is hardly your fault, Reiji-sama. The ones to throw
Suimei into a trap were the nobles from my country. And we were the ones
who summoned you and your companions to this world in the first place,
which was really how this all got started. As a royal of Astel, it is my duty
to assist you, the hero. You needn’t feel responsibility for that.”
“Yeah, thanks...”
“Do not trouble yourself over it. Rather than me...”
Titania glanced over her shoulder as she sat up in her saddle. There was
no need to ask who her anxious look was directed at. Riding behind them
was the other girl who’d been wrapped up in this because Reiji decided to
act on his own.
“Mizuki...”

Still unable to ride a horse on her own, Mizuki was sharing a horse with
Luka and holding on to her as they rode along together. She was not yet
used to the terror of battle and was still somewhat shaken from their last
encounter, but nevertheless, she was headed off to a place where a large
demon army was gathered. She swallowed her fears to follow Reiji. He was
honestly happy she was so brave and supportive, but Titania voiced his
concerns for him.
“Mizuki, there is no need to force yourself. If you think that you cannot
fight, do back off without fail. Understood?”
“But...”
Mizuki was hesitant to accept such a suggestion. Suimei was her friend
too. Knowing he was in danger and having come this far, could she really
back off now without doing anything? Her conscience ate away at her. And
as she was seized by embattled emotions, Reiji gave his own opinion on the
matter.
“Mizuki, it’s okay not to force yourself. If something happened not just
to Suimei, but you too, I...”
He wouldn’t be able to forgive himself. That’s why he wanted her to
step back without any hesitation.
“Reiji-kun...”
“That’s why, if things get unreasonable, we’ll have you retreat with
Luka somewhere safe, alright?”
“...Alright. But Reiji-kun, don’t do anything too reckless yourself, okay?
I mean it.”
“Yeah, I promise.”
With a somewhat sorrowful expression, Reiji lied to reassure her for the
time being. That’s right, his words were nothing but a farce. It was obvious.
He could make the promise, say the words with his lips, but nowhere in his
heart did he have any intention to keep it.
After waiting for Reiji and Mizuki’s exchange to end, Titania called out
to him.
“Reiji-sama, what are you thinking of doing from here?”
“Well, first I was thinking we should get closer to where we think the
demons are. We may not have the time to do any real scouting, but we don’t
yet know where Suimei and the others are. Once we can confirm the size of
the demon forces, I think it’ll be good to find a place to hide.”

Their number one priority was saving Suimei. There was no need to go
out of their way to pick a fight with the demons. Taking a tactical approach
would help make sure that they found what they needed to after getting a
firm grasp of the situation. There was no denying that the odds of finding
the trade corps intact and Suimei with them were depressingly low, but even
then...
“Oho, are you not going to break directly through the demon front?”
“No way! Even I know that would be unreasonable.”
“Good, it seems you have not forgotten to remain calm. It appears my
concern was unnecessary.”
“Was that a test? How shrewd of you, Tia... Well, how about it?”
“Let me see... I think it is sound to make a call after fully assessing the
situation.”
Satisfied with Titania’s support, Reiji decided to ask her what she would
have done had he answered the opposite way.
“Hey, Tia... If I said I wanted to cut through, what would you do?”
“I would accompany you.”
“That’s...”
“I do believe I mentioned this before we departed on our journey, Reiji-
sama, but accompanying you is my duty. Even if you rush into battle to
perish, I shall follow.”
Just what was it that she was looking at as she stared into the horizon?
What was it that she could see? It looked as through she was staring right
into the difficult times to come. She appeared somewhat aloof, but solemnly
resolute. Seeing her like that, Reiji was at a loss for words. It was true that
her voice was both reassuring and direct. That was a manifestation of a little
thing she had called determination. As expected, Titania wasn’t just some
young girl following along because she’d been told to. She’d decided that it
was something she must do herself. She’d taken her fate into her own
hands, and that was why she was now by his side.
“Is something the matter?”
“No, I was just thinking that you’re amazing, Tia. I’m not even in your
league.”
She didn’t seem to fully grasp the significance of those words that
seemingly came out of nowhere, and sat there on her horse with her head
tilted to the side. As the princess of a nation, Titania had a much stronger

will than someone like Reiji. Before her determination, Reiji’s resolve was
nothing more than bravado. Seeing her in such a royal light, Reiji felt
completely inferior to her.
But as things were, he had no time to dwell on it. Dismissing all such
thoughts, Reiji pushed the conversation onward.
“Tia, based on that plan, which way should we go from here?”
“First we should proceed to the north. The woods that spread out to the
east of Kurant City are sparser to the northeast rather than the southeast.
The elevation is better there as well, so it would be the most suitable choice
for surveying the situation.”
“Got it. Let’s go.”
★
Urging their horses northward, Reiji and the others proceeded down a
path that reached the mountains and was surrounded by groves of trees.
Looking up, the sky was filling with ominous clouds. It was almost as if the
weather was reflecting the anxiety and unrest Reiji and his companions felt
as they approached the destination. Despite being in the middle of a verdant
forest, all around them only seemed to be filled with shadows and gray
gloom.
While they were cautiously advancing on horseback in complete
contrast to their hurried pace up until now, they noticed a presence up ahead
and sped up once more. They quickly came across a few members of a
detachment who appeared to be wearing the uniforms of Astelian soldiers.
A man who appeared to be the unit commander then fired off a stern order
to Reiji and his party.
“Stop right there!”
In order to avoid a collision, Reiji and the others pulled back on their
reins and stopped before this man. The neighing of the horses echoed
through the wooded area. And following that, seeing that Reiji and the
others had come to a stop, the man shouted at them with the same stern
expression as before.
“Who the hell are you bastards?! Answer me!”
“We’re...”
Reiji meekly began to answer, but the eldest knight of their group,

Gregory, stepped forward, and rebuked the soldier who stood in their way.
“You insolent bastard! Just who is it that you think you’re obstructing?!
Behold Her Highness Titania and the summoned hero Reiji-sama! Stand
down at once!”
“Wha?!”
Under the pressure of Gregory’s thunderous shouting and his severe
glare, the soldiers all raised surprised voices, recoiled back, and
immediately humbled themselves. There was a great number of eyes
timidly looking at Reiji’s group now. There was a stir of whispering, and
eventually, something seemed to click. When they finally reconciled what
Gregory had said with what they were seeing right in front of them, the
soldiers fell to their knees all at once and, to compensate for the discourtesy
they’d shown previously, treated Titania and Reiji with the utmost respect.
“M-My deepest apologies! I beg of you to forgive my impoliteness.”
“So granted. From the looks of it, you appear to be in the middle of a
patrol. Are you the stationed troops from Kurant City?”
“Yes, Your Highness. We are part of His Grace Duke Hadorious’s army.”
The soldier replied respectfully to Titania, but his words sparked a
strange tension between Reiji and the others. Titania, well accustomed to
maintaining appearances, didn’t let it show.
“Duke Hadorious himself is present here, is he not?”
“He is encamped just up ahead, Your Highness.”
“Guide us to him.”
“Yes, Your Highness!”
The surrounding soldiers, all still sweating bullets, turned around and
advanced down the path to escort them. The sound of rustling leaves being
trampled underfoot by the soldiers’ boots filled the air. Titania willingly
followed after them, but just as Reiji was about to follow as well, Luka’s
horse suddenly came up to him. Mizuki, who was sitting on the horse
behind Luka, leaned in towards Reiji and spoke to him in a hushed whisper.
“Reiji-kun, Duke Hadorious is that...”
“Yeah, the noble who set Suimei up. I didn’t think he would be here.”
“A-And we’re going to see him?”
“Looks like it...”
An adversary lay ahead of them. Seeing Reiji’s eyes narrow as he
glanced down the path, Mizuki’s body stiffened up. They were about to go

see the man who’d set up their friend. It might just be too much for the
anxious Mizuki to handle. Or so Reiji thought. But though she looked
concerned, she spoke with great composure.
“Reiji-kun, you can’t act rashly. Even if Tia is with us, we don’t know
what’ll happen if you lay your hands on a noble.”
“Ah... Yeah, I got it. Thanks for worrying about me, Mizuki.”
Mizuki was mostly worried about Reiji losing himself to anger and
rushing in. But he wouldn’t do that. He couldn’t. It would have been one
thing if he were on his own, but if he snapped now, there was a high chance
Gregory would be implicated for sharing confidential information. So long
as he had the other people with him to think about, Reiji would keep his
cool.
Before long, a clearing opened up among the bundled evergreen trees. It
was filled with a large gathering of knights, soldiers, and mages. Though
the uneven ground had been muddied by the recent rain, the organized files
of troops appeared to be having no trouble with the terrain whatsoever.
They walked with firm, resolute footsteps and gave off an aura of true grit.
Just how much did they train?
Right in the center of the outstandingly austere atmosphere appeared to
be the person who’d brought this group together—a large man in the prime
of his life wearing jet black armor.
He appeared to be about forty years old, right around Gregory’s age or
perhaps a bit younger. He donned a well-groomed beard and a large scar
running down his left cheek from his brow. He was close to two meters tall,
and he appeared to be a muscular man. In spite of his relaxed posture, he
radiated a strong aura of authority that made those around him stiffen up.
All in all, he immediately gave the impression he was the man in charge.
That much seemed to go without saying. Perhaps to report their arrival, the
soldiers who’d escorted Reiji and the others went ahead of them into the
camp. And then, after exchanging two or three words with that man who
appeared to be the leader, he gestured to the soldiers and knights around
him as if to tell them to make way. Mere moments later, the masses parted
and made a clear path.
The man then drew closer to Reiji’s group. He approached Titania
without any hesitation at all, and with his commanding aura still in full
force, took a knee and demonstrated the etiquette of a retainer. When

Titania eventually welcomed him to be at ease, the man—Duke Hadorious
—stood up.
“Your Highness, it has been a while since we last spoke. Was it the
evening party several months ago when we last had the pleasure of
meeting?”
“It hasn’t been long enough, Duke Hadorious. I see you’re the same
browbeater you’ve always been.”
“Oh, you flatter me, Your Highness. To a princess like you, something
like this is but a light breeze, is it not? Though it may be presumptions of
me to say so, I, Lucas de Hadorious, thought perhaps I might be able to
offer you some refuge from the dreary weather with a welcome greeting.”
“Just what is welcome about this? Your unwanted concern and
consideration are quite the opposite.”
All present were rendered speechless at the exchange between
Hadorious and Titania. It was amusing to a degree, but also intimidating.
Titania made it quite clear she wasn’t pleased to be in this situation or his
presence. She poured palpable scorn down on him from high atop her horse.
And between the two of them, a completely different kind of tension
filled the air than before. However, Hadorious didn’t seem the slightest bit
affected by her words. He didn’t even try to laugh it off as a joke. He
simply replied in a disingenuously obsequious tone.
“I see Your Highness is as thorny as ever. Now, let’s see... The boy there
with you is the summoned hero Reiji Shana-dono, correct?”
“Yes.”
After affirming Reiji’s identity, Hadorious turned his prideful yet
intimidating gaze on him. Titania had called him a browbeater, and perhaps
this was just the kind of behavior she was talking about. Pondering that,
Reiji stared right back at Hadorious as if to say he wouldn’t back down.
This man is...
This was indeed the man who’d set up Suimei and the trade corps. This
cruel man who made no attempt to hide his conceit in his words, dress, or
demeanor. Reiji was burning with anger in his presence, but for now, he had
to fight it back and maintain his composure.
After a pause, Hadorious closed his eyes and addressed Reiji.
“My apologies for the late introduction, Hero-dono. I am the one
entrusted with the western territory by His Majesty the King. My name is

Lucas de Hadorious. Upon hearing of the advance of demons across our
borders, I led my troops here. From here, we plan to exterminate the
demons and were just about to take action.”
Hadorious haughtily introduced himself and explained his goals, but he
didn’t stop there.
“Now, Your Highness Titania, Hero-dono, what brings you here?”
In response, Reiji answered with a line he’d prepared beforehand.
“Due to the increase in activity of the demons’ movements in Astel, we
rushed over from the Nelferian Empire and have just arrived.”
“Truly? Then I must apologize for troubling you.”
“No, this is also my duty as a hero.”
Reiji concluded their exchange in a very businesslike manner, and
Titania immediately began to question Hadorious.
“Duke Hadorious, are the demons beyond here?”
“Judging from the information we have, we do believe they are.”
“Then the discussion you were having just now... was about the means
of attack?”
“Yes, Your Highness. Once our scouts return, we were thinking of taking
action right away.”
If they’d already sent out scouts, that meant Reiji and the others arrived
just as they were about to make their move. Judging from the scale of the
deployed army, they appeared to be staging their attack from here.
Something struck Reiji as strange about all this, and he cut in on the
conversation.
“You mean attacking the demons? Aren’t your numbers a bit insufficient
for that?”
Based on the number of people in the clearing, it certainly didn’t look
like there were enough of them. At a glance, there were one to two hundred
people at best. Since the army they would be going after was over a
thousand strong, it just didn’t add up.
“Make no mistake. This is not my entire force, Hero-dono. So that we
can launch our attack from several directions at once, there are soldiers
deployed to the north and south as well. And even in this area, we have
many soldiers concealing themselves. Do be at ease.”
“Is that so? Pardon my concern then.”
“In truth, I would prefer a unified charge with the soldiers from Metel,

but due to the preparations involved and the bad weather, Kurant City and
Metel are more or less divided. A joint operation is out of the question, thus
we have settled on the current tactic. I would implore you to take into
consideration we’re working with what we have.”
Hearing Hadorious’s plan, Reiji decided to make their intentions clear
too.
“When the scouts return, I think we’ll also make our move as well.”
“My, what vigorous enthusiasm you have. If I might be so bold as to
suggest it, however, why not spare your energy and let us handle things
here, Hero-dono?”
Hadorious presented his offer with a veneer of courtesy, but that
couldn’t disguise the sneer underneath it. Reiji could distinctly see the
corners of Hadorious’s mouth subtly slanted upwards.
“I cannot. But you may stand back and let us handle this if you wish. I
am a hero. I will do what I must to the best of my ability.”
“Hmph, so be it. Though I do not have the slightest idea as to what your
goal here is, Hero-dono, if you say that you will advance towards the
demon army, then I will gladly accompany you.”
Letting his steadfast expression crumble at last, Hadorious flashed a
fearless smile. Reiji was infuriated. This man knew good and well why he’d
come.
Reiji was spurred by the urge to turn around and look at Gregory, but
managed to suppress it and continued to stare down Hadorious. Hadorious
then excused himself and went back to the center of the soldiers after
imploring Reiji and the others to wait for the scouts’ return. Was that it?
Was he just going to leave it at that? Considering he was in the presence of
the princess and the hero, his behavior was rather rude. Titania, however,
seemed unfazed by this. She simply narrowed her eyes as she watched him
walk away.
“He’s the same as ever.”
“It’s rare for you to talk like that, Tia. You don’t like him, do you?”
“It’s just as you saw. I have a favorable impression of him in that he
does not resort to flattery, but that intimidating, condescending air of his
stirs my defiant heart.”
She gave her evaluation in a low voice, and Reiji picked up on
something as she spoke. Something unexpected.

“...Do you hate to lose, Tia?”
“What?! No, well, um... More importantly, after meeting Duke
Hadorious, what do you think of him, Reiji-sama?”
“Well, it was unexpected. That he’s that kind of man, I mean.”
Reiji gave his honest impression of Lucas de Hadorious. Because he’d
used such underhanded means to entrap Suimei, Reiji had been expecting
something a little different. The stereotypical image of some gremlin-like
noble came to mind. It turned out his imagination was way off, but in a way,
this was much worse.
“You mean that you thought he would be some pathetic scumbag, but in
reality, he was a much nastier man than that?”
“It’s not that extreme, but... You really hate that jerk, don’t you, Tia?”
“Don’t you as well, Reiji-sama? This marks the first occasion I’ve ever
heard you refer to anyone as ‘that jerk.’”
“Huh...”
Having it pointed out to him, Reiji realized she was right. He’s said it
completely without thinking. He’d meant to be careful in his choice of
words, but he couldn’t hide his disgust in the end.
After their exchange, Mizuki called out to Titania with a somewhat
antsy expression on her face.
“I-Is that man also fighting? Isn’t he a noble?”
“Duke Hadorious hails from a long line of distinguished warriors even
in Astel. He also possesses tremendous skill in military arts.”
That was as much as Reiji had expected. The intimidating air he gave off
was beyond the norm, he was unafraid to take the front line, and his well
developed body indicated the serious training he put into it. He came across
as a military man through and through. Mizuki, however, had a somewhat
strange reaction to learning this.
“Wh-What about that huge scar on his face?!”
“That? I’ve heard the scar on his face is something he received in a
battle quite a long time ago. I have never seen him fight myself, but I have
heard his true strength is quite considerable.”
While speaking, Titania skillfully led her horse in a small half-circle,
turning to face everyone in the group. She then addressed them all in a low
tone, wary of other ears in the area.
“I believe that you know this after what you’ve seen, but Duke

Hadorious is a man you cannot let your guard down around. Reiji-sama,
Mizuki, make absolutely certain that you do not do so around him. Luka
and Roffrey, I entrust you two to support Reiji-sama and Mizuki.”
In response to Titania’s orders, the two knights immediately saluted.
“And Gregory, you will accompany me as you are.”
“But Your Highness...”
“There is no need to worry. No matter what measures Duke Hadorious
has taken against you, I am here. Be at ease.”
“Your Highness... I am in your debt.”
As Titania reassured Gregory, he humbly lowered his head. Standing
behind him, Roffrey seemed overcome with emotion and was moved to
tears for some reason. Luka beheld the princess with a reverent gaze.
“Tia seems pretty cool today, doesn’t she?”
“Yeah.”
“But you can’t fall in love with her, okay?”
“Wh-What?”
Reiji was taken aback by what Mizuki said, but she huffed and turned
away. Luka looked just as confused as Reiji did when Mizuki ran over and
hid behind her.
It was just about then a man who appeared to be a soldier came dashing
towards the camp from the thick of the forest with several others in tow. It
was likely the group of scouts who’d gone to survey the situation. Watching
them beeline for Hadorious without stopping until they reached him, Reiji
and the others also made their way towards the center of the camp. As they
arrived, Hadorious was inquiring what the kneeling scout had to report.
“What is the state of the demons?”
“Y-Your Grace! I come to report that the demon army...”
With sweat still trickling down his face, the soldier took a gasp of air to
catch his breath. In the dramatic pause just before he revealed the news,
everyone present except for Hadorious gulped. Just how many of them were
deployed? What kind of demons were there? Everyone’s imagination ran
wild with speculation about what his next words would be. But what he said
next floored them all.
“W-Was completely annihilated...”
There was a moment of incredulous silence.
“Annihilated, you said?!”

“Ridiculous. The reports said that there should have been more than a
thousand of them. And you’re telling me they were all annihilated before
even colliding with the army?”
Following Reiji’s yell, Hadorious’s astonished voice rang out too. Reiji
couldn’t help glancing over. As expected, Hadorious looked shocked. This
report had thrown even him for a loop. The camp around them broke out
into a mix of bewilderment and doubt. And there, Titania spoke up.
“Are you certain?”
“What? I...”
It seemed the scout had only just noticed her presence. After a short
moment of confusion, urged on by Hadorious, he replied in a panicked
voice.
“Y-Yes, there’s no mistaking it. In the plains beyond here, there was
nothing but the corpses of demons and monsters.”
“My god...”
With that, a heavy silence fell over the camp. This wasn’t bad news, but
with the situation what it was, doubt took precedence over any other
thoughts. Everyone was confounded at what was appropriate to say at a
time like this. After a few moments passed, it seemed that Hadorious had
thought of something and he turned to face Titania.
“Your Highness, could it be...”
“...No, we came here from the Nelferian Empire. It’s in the opposite
direction of where the demons are located, and even if that were the case,
just what reason would we have to put on such a petty drama here?”
“It was a foolish question...”
Hadorious dismissed his own ill-considered inquiry. He must have
thought that perhaps Reiji and the others had been the ones to annihilate the
demons. As a denizen of this world, even Hadorious believed in the hero
and his abilities. Hearing of such grand news, it wasn’t all that unreasonable
to assume the hero was behind it. Reiji, however, was clueless. And while
Hadorious was in the middle of contemplating something, Titania pressed
for action.
“Duke Hadorious, for the time being, shall we head over there?”
“Indeed, Your Highness. Let us go.”
★

Before reaching their destination, even Reiji had a feeling that there was
something preposterous waiting ahead of them. A choking stench that
smelled like a mix of iron and rot assaulted his nose, and an indescribable
thickness to the air. Both sensations combined gave Reiji goosebumps.
He couldn’t tell if the others felt the same thing, or if they just weren’t
letting it show. Other than the soldiers who were caught in an unsettled
vortex, everybody appeared to be composed. Hadorious was firm as ever,
and only Titania’s eyes had a slight light of insecurity to them.
Reiji casually lowered his gaze from atop his horse. The water that had
collected on the ground from the earlier rainfall, perhaps because of the
fading light, would sometimes appear to be red to him. He rubbed his eyes.
And before long, they emerged from the tree line.
“This is...”
Hadorious’s gasp hung in the air. As Reiji and the others arrived at the
site where the scouts reported the demons were, what came into view was a
scene that truly made them doubt their eyes.
“What... is this...?”
What Reiji saw from atop his horse was beyond description. Unable to
articulate what he was seeing or feeling, he could only gasp in horror. The
scouts had led them towards the foot of the mountain, and they’d come to a
relatively level, wide open plain with a clear view. And what they saw there
was massive fissures in the ground, earth that had become molten from high
temperatures and chilled back into solidified lumps, icebergs that seemed to
pierce the skies, some kind of unknown, pitch black swamps, and a
countless number of demon and monster corpses.
Now then, exactly what had happened in this place? A bright light shone
down from between the gray clouds, illuminating the bizarre scene. No one
present had ever witnessed anything like it before. Even with his modern
knowledge, Reiji couldn’t think of a single natural disaster that would leave
this kind of destruction in its wake.
Surely the only word appropriate for this devastation was catastrophe.
Listening carefully, Reiji felt like he could hear the lingering screams of the
demons. That was just how ghastly this scenery was. Even though the
demons were his enemies, he almost felt sorry for them upon seeing what
they had suffered through.
This was perhaps the very image of hell. No, it was safe to say a form of

hell had happened here.
Guided by the scouts and soldiers and following behind Hadorious, Reiji
asked a question to nobody in particular while riding atop his horse.
“This... is a path, isn’t it?”
A clearing extended in front of them in a perfectly straight line. Lacking
any traces of blood, meat, and the other destruction present in the field, it
was visually distinct. It was as if something had cut through this all,
determined to press forward without a hint of hesitation. Whatever it was
had moved straight ahead towards the forest at the foot of the mountains
while paving its way with the corpses of the demons who attacked it from
the sides. Taking this all in, Mizuki, who was following behind Reiji, began
muttering.
“Traces of magic...”
“Mizuki?”
“Yeah, there’s no mistaking it. This is all the aftermath of magic.”
Mizuki stated her assessment definitively, not holding back in the
slightest because she was convinced of it. Trembling, she turned and
pointed towards the unnatural ice formations and fires in the surrounding
area. They were the result of magic. After hearing her conclusion, Titania
raised a voice of admiration.
“Mizuki, I am surprised you could tell...”
“Yeah, there’s only a tiny hint of the remnants of mana, and the ice
lumps and fires over there probably still have traces of their spells on
them.”
“...You’re right.”
Straining his eyes and sharpening his senses, Reiji could also
comprehend that there was something left of the magic that had been used.
Even though he couldn’t tell before, once it was pointed out to him that
there was magic involved, he could suddenly identify it clearly as if a fog in
his mind had instantly cleared away.
However, for the embers, ice, and other various creations to still contain
details of their respective spells was quite a big deal. The magical
foundation of a spell only took an instant to defeat a demon. So for it to
linger in such detail even now...
“Mizuki, isn’t this...?”
“Yeah. The spell that was used is super high-level. I can’t tell what it is

at all... It might just be something different from the magic we use.”
“That’s possible, but to use high-level spells this many times is...”
This was beyond unusual. Could it have been a large army that
destroyed the demons? Reiji dismissed the idea as soon as it came to mind.
If two large armies had clashed, the scenery would be markedly different.
There would have to be signs of the other army, including corpses. But
there wasn’t a single hint to suggest anything like that. The field they could
see stretched all the way to the horizon, and it was uniformly covered with
the corpses of demons. Even if a large army had been gathered, it wasn’t
even realistically possible for them to have so many high-level mages.
Adding the sight of it all up, all Reiji could think was that something—
something overwhelming—had passed through here.
The horses, sensitive to the nervousness of humans and the subtleties of
the atmosphere around them, were neighing incessantly. While gently
soothing the horses who were on edge as they proceeded, Titania was the
next one that could be heard gasping.
“This is...?!”
She was aghast. Hadorious finished the thought for her.
“Even a behemoth...?”
Hearing the two of them, Reiji and the others looked over. What they
were met with was the corpse of an enormous monster.
“I-It’s huge...”
Mizuki’s voice was trembling in shock. The overall length of the beast
was probably over two hundred meters. It called to mind the image of a
beached cruiser laying across the hill as if stranded. It had a black, thick
hide, bulky wrinkled skin, profound limbs that did not seem to balance out
the size of its body, and massive horns.
Its gargantuan and cloudy scarlet eyes were wide open, giving off an
eerie feeling. Rather than fear for the monster’s original power, everyone
feared what had been able to leave it in such a condition. Even a creature of
this prowess had been but cut down, as Mizuki said, by some form of
magic. It lay sprawled out at an awkward angle. It appeared half of the
beast was buried underground, but in reality, half of its body was just
completely missing.
“Th-That is a special class two monster. To think even something like
this was defeated...”

Forgetting to even explain the seriousness of such a classification,
Titania gave voice to her awe. Otherwise, she stood frozen in place.
Understanding just what this monster was, her shock was on another level.
But everyone was shaken. Even the other soldiers, Gregory, and Hadorious
all wore serious expressions.
And as everyone was seized with it all, a soldier who had gone ahead to
check things out returned with heavy steps. But his gait was not a sign of
fatigue. No, the appalling environs just weighed on him that much.
“I... I have a report... As expected, it seems the demons have been
completely annihilated. The total count of them was likely...”
All present held their breath waiting for the next words to come from the
kneeling soldier’s mouth. But he wasn’t intentionally making them wait. He
himself looked too taken aback to account for the number. Hadorious,
maintaining his stiff expression, urged the soldier on.
“Just how many were there?”
“Y-Your Grace! It is estimated that they surpassed ten thousand in count,
we believe...”
In that instant, all present felt their hearts stop. Ten thousand? That
colossal number made them doubt their ears. Silence fell over the field. Not
even the sound of breathing could be heard. And then, as people gradually
regained their senses, Hadorious spoke up once more, his voice dyed in
fright.
“Ten thousand, you say? The destruction here is vast, but I do not
believe the number of corpses present supports your claim.”
“With all due respect, Your Grace, the estimate was calculated from the
tracks left by the demons and monsters while they were moving, and the
scope of the offensive. We do believe it to be accurate.”
Hearing the scout’s words, Hadorious once more spoke with a grim
expression.
“To think that it wasn’t just a thousand...”
His voice was filled with so much emotion that he was at a loss as to
what to feel. His mind was likely running wild with what would have
happened if he’d fought against such forces. No matter how he’d prepared,
those numbers were out of the bounds of his imagination. But nevertheless,
he seemed to collect himself as Titania turned to him.
“To think that we mistook the scale of the demons. I shudder at the

thought of what would have happened if they’d attacked Metel or Kurant
City, but...”
“Just who accomplished this and when, you mean? Do you have any
clues, Duke Hadorious?”
“As for who, I do not have any idea whatsoever. But seven days ago,
there was some most tempestuous lighting in the area. It was likely the day
that the demons were annihilated.”
“A day of lightning...”
“The bishop of the Church of Salvation said that it was because we
touched on the anger of the Goddess, but...”
Hadorious sounded as if he thought the whole thing was a tall tale, but
these people seemed to regard lightning as the embodiment of heavenly
wrath much the same way the people of Earth did.
But was it really the Goddess Alshuna who’d defeated the demons? No,
such a divine intervention was out of the question. If such a thing were
possible, this world wouldn’t need a hero in the first place.
And so the mystery only deepened. They had a rough idea of when it
happened, but in the end, they still didn’t have any idea what had really
gone down. Gripped by that tense, oppressive unknown, Mizuki voiced her
worry to Reiji.
“Suimei-kun, was he alright during this?”
“I wonder about that...”
As Mizuki cast her eyes down in anxiety, Reiji’s heart went out to her.
He was feeling it too. Just where was Suimei now? It would have been nice
if the demons were defeated before Suimei had encountered them, but...
“It’s demons! There are survivors!”
Hearing that voice coming from behind them, everyone turned around.
One of the soldiers that had been investigating the surrounding area
announced the presence of demons with practically a scream. Were they
mixed in with the corpses? Or did they come flying in from nearby? A
number of demons who appeared to be the remnants of the demon forces
sprang to the air with violent vigor and were headed towards them. The first
one to raise their voice in response was Hadorious.
“They’re coming this way! Everyone take up combat positions!”
As he drew his sword from horseback, he commanded the soldiers in the
area without hesitation. Hearing his voice, they took action immediately.

The soldiers with spears took the front line. Mages fell into line behind
them and immediately began casting spells. And following up on all that
that, Reiji immediately turned to Luka.
“Luka-san, take care of Mizuki!”
“As you wish.”
“R-Reiji-kun!”
“I’m also going to assist them. Mizuki, wait here with Luka. Tia!”
“Yes, Reiji-sama!”
“Stick behind me and prepare your magic! We’re going around with the
horses and hitting their flank!”
Yelling out in haste, Reiji drew his sword. He was looking at the demons
and the formation of soldiers preparing to meet them. Deciding a flank
attack would be best, Reiji spurred his horse forward. Titania, Gregory, and
Roffrey followed after him. And while that was going on, the other soldiers
sprang into action at Hadorious’s command.
With a shorter path, the soldiers reached the demons first. The ones
wielding spears leaped at the demons and kept them in check, and the
mages slung spells where the openings appeared. It was a perfectly-
regulated tactic carried out in textbook fashion. The skills of each individual
soldier were also quite high, and their teamwork was splendid. At this rate,
they would completely suppress the demons without any casualties.
No...
Or so it appeared, but the demons were desperate. Their main force had
already been annihilated, and they fought with the desperation of dead men.
It was something seen on the battlefield from time to time. Even though
their fates were ultimately sealed, they were making a last stand to try and
exact as much damage as possible. A form of revenge. An act of defiance.
They had no place to return to, no place to go but death, but they did not
fear it. It emboldened them. Soldiers who had that sort of determination
were strong, and difficult to deal with.
Dead men had no regards for their lives and were a dangerous force to
be reckoned with on the battlefield. They fought recklessly without regard
for their own safety, and it gave them just enough of an edge to break
through the soldiers’ formation. Wanting to take as many humans as they
could with them to the afterlife, the demons were rampaging violently. It
was turning into an utter melee, which put the soldiers at a disadvantage.

“Fall back!”
Seeing that, Hadorious spurred on his large black horse and rushed in.
While commanding the soldiers, he bisected the demon in front of him with
a single swing. However, a number of other demons slipped by him. They
were headed right for Luka and Mizuki.
“Crap!”
They had slipped by on the opposite side of the field from Reiji, and by
the time he noticed that, it was already too late. The demons flew at an
incredible speed, and the distance between them and Mizuki was shrinking
rapidly. There were three of them, too. Even if Mizuki fought, she and Luka
would still be outnumbered. And if Luka tried to defend Mizuki on her own,
it would be even worse.
“Gregory!”
The moment Titania reflexively yelled out, with or without even having
heard her, Gregory’s horse turned around. However...
“Tch! Mizuki-dono, please grab hold of me tightly.”
“Oh, uh, yeah!”
Maneuvering her horse, Luka tried to escape the descending demons.
Unfortunately, however, the horse’s feet were being slowed in the mud,
hampering its ability to evade. The disadvantage was only slight, but even
that could be the difference between life and death now.
“Shit! Stain Scarlet!”
While cursing, Reiji let loose some of his fire magic. Titania followed
up with a spell of her own, but neither would make it in time. The
berserking demons moved at superhuman speeds.
This is bad! At this rate...
The demons closed in on Mizuki and Luka. Mizuki fired off her own
magic in defense, but the demons continued charging even when scorched
with flame. Reiji was much too far away to be able to help and he knew it.
A bad premonition crawled down his back in the form of a chill.
And just when he was about to prepare himself for the worst, several
white lines in the corner of his eye formed a vortex in and soared through
the sky, tearing it apart. It was pure white fire. And it engulfed the demons
closing in on Mizuki and Luka in the blink of an eye. In a flash, the white
flames scattered into the sky, and just like that, the demons were burned to
ashes.

“...Huh?”
“Impossible! This magic is...!”
Reiji and Titania’s voices rang out in surprise and realization. And as
they grasped what exactly that white fire was and what it signified, they
could hear the sound of hooves trampling across the ground from some
distance behind them. Someone was approaching on horseback at an unreal
speed. It seemed they’d even cast magic on their horse. They were closing
in with the speed of a meteor. And when the person in question came into
view, Titania shouted out with joy.
“White Flame-dono!”
Yes, rushing towards them on horseback was the young court mage in a
pure white robe who had summoned Reiji and the others to this world,
Felmenia Stingray. Reiji then turned towards her and called out as well.
“Sensei?! Why are you here?!”
“Hero-dono! Save the talk for later! The remaining demons come first!”
“R-Right!”
Felmenia brought him to his senses, and Reiji immediately turned his
horse around and cut through to the remaining demons. Hadorious also cut
down another one from horseback, then began to shout to his men once
more.
“Mages, prepare to fire magic once more!”
His heroic command resounded over the field. Under his orders, the
soldiers were able to rally and corner the demons. And with the magic that
the mages had prepared, the demons were annihilated. Because multiple
magics had all gone off at once, dust, dirt, smoke, and steam were all kicked
up into the air, obscuring everyone’s vision. But even so, it was clear there
were no longer any remaining demons in the vicinity. Even with
compromised visibility, the demons’ presence had been completely
eliminated. And so Felmenia dismounted from her horse, and drew closer
while leading it along.
“Your Highness, as well as Reiji-dono and Mizuki-dono... It is good to
see you all again.”
Titania gave a satisfied nod, and Reiji and Mizuki returned Felmenia’s
greeting.
“It’s good to see you again, Sensei.”
“Felmenia-san, thank you so very much. You saved me.”

“I’m grateful I just happened to be passing by.”
Saying that, Felmenia gently caressed Mizuki’s hand. Mizuki gave her a
bright, endearing, and grateful smile. Felmenia then turned towards
Hadorious, and after exchanging a few scarce words with him as well, she
bowed her head. They seemed to be acquainted. Though she displayed
neither affection nor the disgust that Titania had shown, she finished her
greetings with him in a businesslike manner. She then turned to Titania
again, who offered her gratitude.
“White Flame-dono, I thank you greatly for your assistance. But
whatever are you doing here?”
“That’s right. If I am not mistaken, were you not relieved of your post as
a court mage by His Majesty?”
When Hadorious added himself into the conversation, Felmenia pointed
a meek expression back to him.
“Your Grace, currently in lieu of my duties as a court mage, I am
performing a special duty at His Majesty’s behest.”
“A royal command, is it...?”
Reiji was surprised to hear she was no longer serving as a court mage.
But if King Almadious had given her an order, then...
“Could it be you came to help us?”
“What? Oh, no, I’m afraid that’s not the case...”
“Then what is it?”
“Um, that is to say... there are certain unavoidable circumstances, so...”
“White Flame-dono, what is the matter?
Titania urged her on, but Felmenia was hesitating to speak like it was
difficult to do so. She was inexplicably on edge. Reiji couldn’t tell what
was wrong with her. Was her royal command something that was hard to
speak of in front of the princess? Well, if the order had come from the king
himself, then that was completely possible.
And while they were in the midst of trying to get to the bottom of
Felmenia’s appearance, a single soldier came running over while panting.
“R-Reporting!”
Were there still demons in the area? That didn’t seem likely. A soldier
who arrived to deliver a report had come from the forest they’d all just
emerged from. There were no demons that way. And so, Hadorious
questioned the soldier.

“What is it?”
“F-From the Empire! Her Imperial Highness Third Princess Graziella
Filas Rieseld is leading a single company and broke through the border!”
It was a notice of an emergency. Despite gasping for air, the soldier
managed to deliver his report. In response, Titania’s expression suddenly
changed to one of utter shock.
“Wha?! Her Imperial Highness Graziella?!”
“Yes, Your Highness! Her Imperial Highness ignored the stationed
troops who tried to stop her and forcefully broke through Astel’s border.
She has already passed Kurant City, and is headed this way at a terrifying
pace!”
“No way... Why?”
“...I do believe that much is self-evident, Twilight-dono.”
At that point in the conversation, an unfamiliar voice cut in. Titania
turned around in surprise. Just beyond the dust and smoke that had finally
started to clear, a woman appeared.
★
“Reiji-kun! Another unknown person popped up! What do we do?!”
“Yeah, I don’t know that this is something we can do anything about...”
The two of them were likely powerless in this situation. Mizuki was
clearly alarmed, and Reiji tried to calm her down.
Before their eyes was a woman straddled atop a horse. She spoke with a
voice that implied it was meaningless to challenge her. The clearing smoke
revealed she was wearing a luxurious military uniform and a coat draped
over her shoulders. With wavy, long, blonde hair and a fearless smile on her
face, she naturally looked like she was born to reign over others. She simply
gave off that kind of commanding air. This woman, along with her
comrades or subordinates, were all dressed in similar uniforms. However,
what was concerning was...
“They’re riding horses, but nobody noticed them coming...?”
Just like Reiji’s group, this woman and her comrades were riding horses.
There was no denying that, but not one person had heard the sound of
approaching hooves. With so many of them and at this distance, it should
have been obvious. Yet no one had heard a thing. That should have been

absolutely impossible. And perhaps because she heard Reiji mutter such
doubts to himself, Felmenia provided him with the answer.
“Reiji-dono, this woman is the Nelferian Empire’s third imperial
princess, Her Highness Graziella Filas Rieseld. Her Highness is also known
as the Geo Malifex, the strongest mage who uses the earth attribute,
throughout the Empire. Something like disguising the sound of horses
running is likely but a trifle to her.”
“But why do that?”
“That much, I do not know. Based on the situation, it does not appear
that their purpose is to harm us, but...”
Both Reiji and Felmenia knitted their brows over Graziella’s arrival. As
they watched, Titania drew nearer to Graziella with a still stern expression
on her face.
“It has been a long time, Your Imperial Highness.”
“A long time indeed, Your Royal Highness. It’s good that you appear to
be in good health.”
Even while both girls sounded angry, Titania stayed polite. And in
contrast, Graziella maintained her commanding attitude. Somewhat incited
by that, Titania grew a bit critical.
“You said your reason for being here was self-evident, Your Highness,
but don’t you have something to say for yourself?”
“Oh? Something to say? I don’t have the slightest clue. Is there
something I should?”
“Tch... Even if we are allied nations, to cross the national border without
any notice, much less with armed forces, is quite an offense, is it not? Do
you have some sort of explanation for your aberrant behavior?”
Graziella met Titania’s stern gaze with laughter.
“Certainly it would ordinarily warrant an apology, but do you have any
room to talk?”
“...What do you mean?”
“I do not believe the matter is so complicated that you cannot
understand without me saying it.”
The gazes of the imperial and royal princesses clashed. After a few tense
moments, Graziella scoffed at her.
“A large army of demons appeared within your territory, you know? And
considering your obligation to worry about the damage that could be done

to adjacent territories, to not even offer a single word of warning to us, your
neighbors... And you call yourself an allied country?”
“That’s... The advance of the demons was too fast. We simply hadn’t
been able to communicate the information yet.”
“Is that so? Your preparations against the demons seem to be quite in
order. And you and Astel’s hero are supposed to be in our country, are you
not? Yet you’re spouting excuses about not being able to inform us. My, the
Kingdom of Astel’s dear princess dons quite the mask, I see.”
“Urgh...”
Titania grimaced as if she found all this mortifying. As if seeing that
improved her mood, Graziella laughed scornfully in delight.
“And that’s all not to mention that you were in our country on your way
to defeating the Demon Lord. You should’ve had no way to hear news of
home, so I wonder...”
“You’ll ask us to stay quiet on this matter. However, Your Highness,
there is no justifiable reason for you to enter our country without notice like
this.”
“We came running over to provide reinforcements upon hearing of the
crisis in an allied nation. Under such circumstances, is that not a justifiable
reason? I won’t let you say this kind of thing is unheard of.”
Graziella spoke in an even more oppressive way than before. She flatly
claimed that they had approached unnoticed to provide reinforcements in
the battle against the demons. Judging from the situation, that was likely the
case. But Titania was still unhappy. With a bitter look on her face, she
glared at Graziella.
“We will be formally protesting this matter at a later date.”
“Do as you like. However, as long as this matter involves the invasion of
demons, I do believe the Saadias Alliance and the Holy State would all be
in our side.”
Graziella made that bold declaration as if the matter hardly concerned
her. She brazenly ignored Titania’s threat altogether. Graziella then turned
towards Reiji. Her oppressive gaze, which felt like it pierced right through
him, inspected him from head to toe.
“Are you the summoned hero of Astel?”
“Yes.”
“My, how unsociable.”

“That’s just my nature.”
Saying that, Reiji lightly bowed his head. This was an opponent he
couldn’t give any opportunity. He felt that intuitively, and so he kept things
curt. Graziella laughed dryly like it wasn’t all that amusing, and then peered
at Reiji.
“You have quite the pretty face, I see.”
“What of it?”
“Nothing. It’s just that I don’t see even a single scar. I was merely
thinking that perhaps you had nothing to do with violence back in your own
world, you see. For a man who was summoned as a hero, that’s something
of a disappointment.”
Despite just meeting him for the first time, that was what she had to say.
Was she just that bold? She was vicious, near villainous. Titania upbraided
her for it.
“Your Imperial Highness, is that not going too far when speaking to the
hero who will save the world?”
“Hmph. All I did was speak my mind. Besides, I do not believe this
disastrous scene was authored solely by your hands.”
Putting all else aside, Graziella glared at Titania and asked about the real
matter at hand.
“So, there were demons, right? What happened here?”
“Indeed. Just what happened here, I wonder? I also do not know.”
“Hmm?”
In response to Titania’s blunt answer, Graziella furrowed her brow. Even
they didn’t know. Trying to explain the unknown was pointless, and with
Titania’s personal feelings thrown in the mix, she didn’t want to tell her
anything anyway. As expected, she hated to lose.
And while that was going on, Reiji got curious and took a peek at
Hadorious. Just why was he staying quiet after it had gone this far? Judging
from his character and position, he would try to get in a word or two with
Graziella. Yet he hadn’t offered a peep of protest. He’d been far too quiet
ever since Graziella showed up.
Did Reiji have the wrong idea about him after all? No, no matter how he
looked at it, something felt weird. As Reiji was stewing on that skepticism,
an irregularity suddenly swooped down on the group. Noticing a wave of
power, everyone present began looking around. That surging wave was a

mass of aggressive mana. Felmenia was the first to look up over the
horizon.
“That is...”
It seemed she’d determined its origin before anyone else. Her long silver
hair fluttered in the breeze as she glared at what was flying in at an
outrageous speed. Next to her, Hadorious finally spoke up.
“So there were still some remnants. However...”
“It’s stronger than the demons from before.”
The one who followed up after him was Reiji. Sensing the danger of the
current situation, he put himself on guard. The mana being let off by the
incoming demon was serious. It couldn’t even be compared to the demons
he’d fought before. And this powerful demon was headed straight for them.
Just like the others before it, the moment it found humans, it went after
them like they were a discovery that needed to be exterminated.
Everyone saw it now. Felt it. There was no need for anyone to announce
its presence. Before long, it dropped to the earth like a bolt of lightning, and
a loud boom erupted in front of Reiji and the others. A cloud of brown dust
scattered in all directions. It rolled over the area like a fog, obscuring
everyone’s vision again. The wave of mana that washed over them was like
a driving rain.
And before long, what came into view through the dust was an
enormous demon that surpassed two meters in height. It had a big frame,
rust-colored skin, and thick limbs. It was a devilish creature whose very
design seemed to suggest that power was everything.
“You damn humans... You already gathered your forces?”
“I-It’s huge...”
As that enormous frame glared over the group, someone muttered and
gulped, remarking about the demon’s size. Another trembling voice then
spoke up.
“Reiji-sama, be careful!”
“Yeah, I know, Tia.”
With Titania imploring him to keep vigilant, Reiji squinted as he
observed the demon closely. While it was flying in, he’d sensed
extraordinary power, but seeing it up close, the demon’s entire body was
battered. He was wounded all over, and his injuries seemed to be leaking a
faint, black, smoke-like aura. There was little energy in the demon’s

movements. It was plain to see that it was completely exhausted.
To put it in words, it was a mere shell of itself. It was like it had just
finished a fierce battle. No, there was no mistaking that’s what had
happened. This demon likely had fought in the battle that had taken place in
this field. That’s why it was weakened. However, even so, the amount of
mana and the fighting spirit it still let out were enough to make it a
sufficiently formidable opponent for Reiji and the others as they were now.
The first one to address the enormous demon was Hadorious.
“Bastard, you’re no mere normal demon, are you?”
“That’s right... I am Rajas, one of the demon generals of the demon
army...”
Hearing Rajas identify himself, Titania and Graziella both voiced their
surprise in their own way.
“A demon general, you say...?!”
“I see. So you’re not just all size, it seems.”
As the soldiers began to stir and whisper, Hadorious once more
addressed the demon while vigilantly keeping an eye on him.
“It seems that you have been done in quite considerably. What did you
bastards fight here?”
“Shut up. That has nothing to do with you...”
Rajas cut down Hadorious’s question as if it was simply annoying. In
addition to the pain and anguish in his voice, there was a distinguishable
tone of indignation. But even as he spoke, Rajas prepared himself for battle.
He seemed intent on attacking. Everyone present steeled themselves as
well, having already drawn their weapons. Reiji, however, took a somewhat
different approach. Face to face with a demon general for the first time,
there was something he wanted to know.
“I have something I want to ask.”
“And what’s that, puny human?”
“Why do all of you attack humans?”
Yes, he wanted to know the reason demons attacked humans. He wanted
to know why. Rajas’s face twisted with a puzzled expression, and then he
spat his answer.
“Hmph. Isn’t that obvious? The order that you bastards create is an
eyesore. That’s why we’ll kill you humans and hunt you down to the last.”
“Order? Saying such a thing is an eyesore... You can’t just accept that

we live differently?”
“No. You damn humans endlessly crop up and spread out like maggots.
And when you all act together to do something, there’s nothing more
irritating than that to us. That’s why you must be exterminated.”
“But aren’t humans and demons both living beings all the same? What
meaning is there in killing each other for such a reason?”
“Meaning?”
“That’s right.”
What he was really getting at was the right and wrong of the conflict.
Reiji had no intention of just glossing over that. The idea that conflict was
avoidable as long as two people could talk to and understand each other was
a fool’s dream. Reiji had seen that fail time and time again in his own
world.
But as long as there wasn’t a reason that two people were doomed to
fight no matter what, he believed that peace was the better way. He didn’t
expect enemies to hold hands, but as long as they could mutually coexist
without bothering each other, that would be good enough.
Reiji could hear Titania fretting and an exasperated sigh from Graziella,
who was likely looking down on him. But no matter what they thought, he
wanted his answer. Rajas then turned a suspicious gaze on him.
“Could it be... you’re the damn hero?”
“And what if I am?”
“Heh... Heh heh, I see... I thought that might be the case when you
started spouting such pretentious and naive crap, but how convenient. With
this, I can accomplish my original goal.”
Despite being unable to hide his exhausted state, Rajas stoutheartedly
declared his intent to make a move. And seeing Rajas like that, perhaps in
ridicule, Graziella let out an astonished laugh.
“What’s that, demon? What about those injuries of yours, hmm?”
“Like I care. In any case, there’s no way I can shamelessly return like
this. To wipe away the disgrace of my failure, Hero, I’ll be taking your
damn head! I won’t lose to a mere human ever again!”
After unleashing an angry roar, Rajas once more began building up his
fighting spirit and mana. Reiji turned his sword on him. Hadorious did the
same, and the soldiers took up battle formations. Mizuki stepped to the
back, and Titania began readying her magic from the rear line. Perhaps

intending on working with her, Felmenia took her place next to Titania.
Meanwhile, seemingly intent on just observing, Graziella simply sat
atop her horse with folded arms. She wasn’t moving a muscle, much less
preparing for a fight. Perhaps because she was accustomed to the sight of
battle, her arrogant atmosphere did not crumble in the slightest.
“Hey, answer my—”
“I’m done with you and your damn questions, Hero!”
Rajas began to move. His towering frame closed in on Reiji with nimble
movements. He was moving at such a dreadful speed that the wind howled
around him.
“Hup!”
Matching up his speed, Reiji leaped into the air. With strength
unimaginable in his world, he rose up above Rajas, and then swung his
sword as he came down.
“HAAAAA!”
With a battle cry, he brought his blade down on Rajas’s fist. Enduring
the tingling shock that passed into his hand through the sword, Reiji poured
all his strength into his grip. To think that a single fist was enough to rival a
blow from both arms of a hero powered with the divine protection of the
hero summoning... If this was the demon in his exhausted state, then just
how powerful was he when he was in perfect shape?
While Reiji was still hanging in the air, Rajas used his other hand to
swing at him from the side. Judging that he’d take the hit in his current
position, Reiji relented on the strength he was pouring into the sword and
lowered his body to the ground as he landed. Changing the trajectory of his
hearty slap, however, Rajas brought his hand downward towards Reiji’s
head.
Reiji didn’t see it coming. There was no time. That he noticed it at all
was entirely due to the intuition born of his unnaturally sharpened senses.
Reiji went face down low to the ground, grabbed the earth with one hand,
and, leaving it to the strength in his arm, forcefully chucked his body to the
side. The hand that impacted the ground sent mud flying into the air as he
moved. So that it wouldn’t get into his eyes, Reiji covered his face using the
flat of his blade. Recovered and back on his feet mere moments later, Reiji
stepped forward to strike with his sword. When he did, Rajas vigorously
drove his foot into the earth.

“Uwah!”
The powerful shock wave shook the earth. Because it happened just as
Reiji stepped forward to attack, his balance was compromised. And then an
enormous ramming attack that could be mistaken for heavy machinery
came rushing at him.
Reiji judged that he wouldn’t be able to evade in time. So instead of
pointlessly trying to dodge, he held out his sword like a shield and braced
all the muscles in his body, resigning himself to the collision. Sent flying by
the impact, he had a vision of his entire body breaking to pieces as he
landed. When he did hit the ground, he was assaulted by a numbing pain
that ran screaming throughout his body. If not for the divine protection of
the hero summoning, he easily would’ve been reduced to a pulp.
Rajas had taken Reiji out so quickly that there wasn’t even an opening
for anyone else to offer support. And eventually, when his senses and the
regular passage of time returned to him, Reiji could hear Mizuki screaming.
“R-Reiji-kun!”
“...I’m alright, Mizuki. Don’t worry...”
An odd numbness was still lurking all over his body, but he endured it
and stood up. When he did, Rajas yelled out angrily.
“Is this the power of a hero?! Are you saying that this is what threatens
the ambitions of us demons?! Even for all your silly human delusions,
there’s a limit to impertinence! How dare you think you could defeat us
with this level of strength?!”
His shouting voice was colored with frustration and disappointment.
What spurned him to say those things? It was like he was comparing Reiji
to someone else. As Rajas moved to attack Reiji once more, Hadorious
stood in his way.
“Get out of my way!”
Rajas let out a tremendously loud shout that threatened to deafen all who
heard it, yet Hadorious remained silent as he confronted him. And while
evading the fist that came down like a cannonball, Hadorious trifled with
Rajas. The way he was conducting himself was forceful and clever, to the
point that any observer would question his age. And when he found an
opening, Hadorious drove his sword unerringly into the large wound on
Rajas’s chest.
“G-Guh!”

“Hmph...”
Having his wound so gouged, Rajas grimaced slightly. Seeing him do
so, however, Hadorious didn’t seem all that amused. Scoffing at him like it
was boring, Hadorious only looked down on him with a dismissive glance
that suggested it was useless to challenge him. To be able to cut into such a
robust demon like that, he must have been considerably strong.
“Tch! A mere human—”
Rajas flung his arm grandly to the side as if swatting away a fly.
However, Hadorious lithely leaped back and safely evaded the blow while
distancing himself from Rajas.
“Move.”
A stern voice called out to Hadorious. Surprisingly, the one to make a
move as he backed off was Graziella. Had she just remained quiet until now
so she could wait for a good opportunity? While dashing across the earth,
she wove together a magic spell.
“Oh Earth! Thou art the crystallization of my tyranny! Take hold of
unyielding power and smash my foes to pieces! Become a monument that
shall extol glorious death! Crystal Raid!”
Firing both her chant and keyword at Rajas, Graziella bashed the earth at
her feet. In an instant, the ground around her was smashed to pieces as if a
localized earthquake had occurred, and a countless number of rocks
protruded upwards. It was as if quartz or gypsum shot out of the ground,
and immediately following Rajas’s grand swing at Hadorious, all of the
giant, elongated rocks rushed at the demon.
It was magic that sharpened the peaks of the rocks into points,
accelerated them like cannonballs, and granted them hardiness and heft.
And just as the stones were about to slam into Rajas, the split second before
they could, a black aura coiled around Rajas’s body as if adhering to it.
The demon general was buried under the multitude of rock pillars. But it
only lasted a few moments. He punched and tore through them, shattering
them all. Rajas remained as he was, apparently not any worse for wear.
“My, for it to be ineffective.”
Was that black aura that he draped around himself Rajas’s defensive
technique? After the aura was dispersed, there were no signs of any new
wounds on his massive frame. The spell Graziella had cast was above the
intermediate level, so for such powerful magic to have no effect whatsoever

demonstrated the abnormality of his resilience. Graziella was surprised, but
she didn’t show the tiniest amount of panic. And just then...
“OOOOOOOOH!”
Rajas let out a war cry. It was like he was trying to forcefully pull power
from the depths of his body, a roar which seemed to chip away at his own
life. And before long, a black energy began swelling in Rajas’s right hand. It
exploded as it swallowed everything in the area. A shock wave of black
energy was closing in like the surging sea.
Crap...!
Eyeing the distance between himself and Rajas, Reiji was left with a
bitter taste in his mouth. The ten meters between them was far too close.
He’d be seriously wounded or worse at this range, but Reiji’s body was still
numb. He couldn’t move. His defensive magic wouldn’t make it in time
either.
A sensation like the cold chill of going pale mixed with the burning heat
of impatience assaulted his numb arm. Just as he clenched his jaw and
prepared to take the hit with no defenses up whatsoever, Reiji’s body was
swept away by something.
“Reiji-sama! Thank goodness!”
“What? Tia...?”
The voice that called out to him was coming from incredibly nearby. He
then realized that in the blink of an eye, the scenery around him had
changed. The voice was Titania’s, and she appeared to be holding on to him.
Reiji organized his thoughts based on the information he had. While he
was immobile, did she sweep him away out of the attack’s range? Looking
once more, he tried to gauge the distance between himself and Rajas. Did
she use magic? They’d escaped by a hair’s breadth.
“Fuck... For my full power to only do this much, just what the hell was
that lightning...?”
Rajas was gasping for breath. Seemingly unable to stop the wheezing in
his lungs, the voice coming out of him was somewhat hoarse. He used it to
curse something, but it was unclear what. Rather than bitter, it sounded like
he was annoyed, and rather than yield to the pain in his body, his anger took
precedence.
Next, Reiji could sense mana in the surroundings swelling up. Following
that, the presence of magic expanded, and the mages in the area all fired at

once. Rajas was immediately engulfed by spells of various magics. He was
hit with flames, lightning, and other attributes that would not negate each
other when used together. And because so many powerful mages fired at
once, their total destructive power surpassed that of Graziella’s magic.
However, even so, Rajas was still going strong. The spells hardly fazed
him. Seeing this unfold before her very eyes, Titania raised a frightened
voice.
“What a tenacious demon...”
Just how strong was his body? After all this, the only one who’d been
able to deal him any damage was Hadorious. Yet even now, Rajas was
groaning in pain. He’d likely been fighting with a fatal wound from the
outset. Reiji could only see him as getting closer and closer to death.
“Do not falter! Continue firing magic!”
The soldiers all rallied at Hadorious’s command.
★
“Everyone...”
While Reiji and the others were fighting with Rajas, the only one left to
grit her teeth on the sidelines was Mizuki.
Before a demon that was so powerful it shattered the earth, Reiji,
Titania, the noble who ensnared Suimei, and even the imperial princess who
suddenly appeared were all fighting. Mizuki was the only one who’d
retreated to be protected by a knight. All she could do was watch as the
battle unfolded. That was the reality of the situation. While clinging to the
knight’s back, she could only huddle up in fear. And to her, that was more
bitter than anything else.
Even though her friend was risking his life, she was frozen in place.
That tortured her heart. Back when she was in danger, both Reiji and
Suimei came to save her. Though it was something that had happened in
their own world, it only added to her pangs of conscience and weighed on
her heart more.
And despite that, I’m not doing anything...
When she heard Suimei was in danger, she couldn’t move and only
trembled. And now that Reiji and the others were engaged in a difficult
battle, she simply clung to Luka’s back. She was just waiting for it to be

over.
Would she be like this forever? Even though she wanted to be helpful to
her friend, to the person who was important to her, would she forever be
helpless? Forever need to be protected? Right now, even though that boy
was pushed into a hard fight with that large demon right in front of her, was
she really going to continue to sit there and do nothing? Such thoughts
within her only grew more and more turbulent.
No... I can’t... I can’t be like that...
It would be denying her own words and abandoning her responsibility.
Moreover, it meant she’d be willingly giving up her place next to Reiji.
The girl who’d followed along with them, Astel’s Princess Titania,
firmly stood on the battlefield. Not just for herself, but also for Mizuki and
countless people whose faces she didn’t even know. And even though she
was fighting for all of them...
Is there something...? Something that I can do...?
That’s why she had to do something. She knew she had to. If she
continued to do nothing as she was, she would indeed stay this way forever.
She would just be helpless. Someone that no one needed. The rights and
wrongs of her saying she wanted to be of use didn’t matter. She just tried to
think about what she could do with her own strength.
So... what was it that she could do? It had to be magic. The only thing
that she’d learned ever since coming to this world was magic. It was the
only thing she had to put to use on the battlefield. But knowing magic alone
wouldn’t do it. She needed something that surpassed Graziella’s magic.
Something more powerful. Otherwise she wouldn’t be able to defeat that
enormous demon.
The magic that I can use is...
“Oh icy hell that brings demise to all fire’s breath...”
“Ah...”
It suddenly dawned on her. A clear image and words. A voice she’d
never heard before rang in her head, and transformed her intuition into
conviction. This magic could defeat him. She wondered why it had
happened now, but deep down, she also knew why. Previously, Titania and
Felmenia had said that sometimes magic would come into someone’s head
out of nowhere. When Reiji first used magic, he’d said something similar
happened. Then this was likely what they were talking about.

That meant there was no reason that she shouldn’t be able to put it to
use. All that was left was summoning the courage to actually do it. And
before she knew it, she’d leaped off Luka’s horse.
“M-Mizuki-dono?! Y-You can’t!”
“Mizuki?!”
Reiji and Luka realized that she was walking into danger and called out
to try and stop her. But even then, there was no way that she would. For her
own sake, for the sake of being beside him, and for the sake of her other
friend, she walked forward. Right in the middle of the battlefield. She
looked at Rajas’s back. Since he was facing off against the soldiers, he
hadn’t noticed her. At this rate, she could get him completely defenseless...
“What is this...? You damned little girl.”
“U-Uh, ah...”
Before she could fire, Rajas turned around. When he fixed his gaze on
her, some cold sensation froze her body. She was no longer able to move
even a single finger. Was everyone on the battlefield dealing with this? Just
how did they fight against it? How could they muster any resistance to this
that wasn’t utterly in vain?
“What are you doing?! Mizuki, fall back!”
“Hmph, so a mere stupid little girl nonchalantly dares to present herself
to me, huh?”
Titania and Rajas’s voices scattered within her head and ran rampant.
She couldn’t even tell what they’d said. All she could focus on was Rajas’s
enormous arm. Just by being lightly touched with that, her body would
likely be smashed to pieces. The thought of being hit with that battering ram
of an arm and what it would do to her filled her entire brain to capacity. She
couldn’t move.
It was no good after all. With all she’d felt, she couldn’t muster up the
courage now when it mattered most.
“A hindrance.”
What came down on her were cold words with no consideration.
Unpleasant words. The same cruel arrogance someone would treat a pest
with.
“Stay... back...”
All she could barely get out was a tiny squeak. He couldn’t hear it, and
even if he had, he wouldn’t have listened. At this rate—

“G-GUAAAAAAAAAAAH!”
While Mizuki was trembling before his oppressive aura, Rajas took a
single step forward and suddenly began screaming in pain. His anguished
cry seemed like it could pierce the heavens. He writhed, grabbing at his
chest... Or was it more than that? It was as if something was rampaging
within his body. And eventually, from the open portions of Rajas’s wound,
blue lightning sprouted out, undulating like snakes.
“Urgh, ah—GAAAH! Do you still... still intend on tormenting me, you
bastard?!”
Were the curses he spat out directed at the lightning, or towards
something else entirely? Who or what he was screaming at was uncertain,
but even as he unleashed his rage, the pale lightning continued eating away
at the inside of Rajas’s body like a hungry snake. The crackling of lightning
filled the air. The sharp sound like that of sparks shooting out of an exposed
electrical line squirming around assaulted her ears. And mixed within that,
there was the faint sound of some inhuman and shrill voice. Rajas was
unable to do anything.
The one to make a move next was Reiji.
He couldn’t let this chance slip away. Before Rajas was able to move
again, he had to defeat him. His body seemed to be in working order again.
Slipping out of Titania’s arms, he closed in on Rajas in an instant. Before
Mizuki knew it, Reiji’s body was wreathed in fire, which meant he had put
to use his body reinforcement magic. Rajas swung out his arm to defend
himself, but seized by the lightning, it was slow. The blade of Reiji’s
orichalcum sword came sailing towards him in a downward slash with a
good tailwind. It easily repelled Rajas’s massive arm.
“HAAAAAAAAAAAH!”
Reiji’s battle cry shook the air. He drove his orichalcum blade into
Rajas’s chest.
“Guh... Ah... Ridiculous... From this, this kind of...”
He was astonished like he couldn’t believe something as insignificant as
Reiji’s attack was the finishing blow. It was like a small needle that he’d
paid no attention to had pierced his heart. Reiji, meanwhile, was silent.
Without letting up on the blade, he only pushed on it harder. And little by
little, the point sunk farther into Rajas’s body. And eventually, perhaps
repelled by the lightning, Reiji let go of his sword and stepped back.

“Gu-uuuuah... If only... if only that man didn’t exist, I wouldn’t have
fallen to the damned likes of you.”
“Who? The one who created this disastrous scene?”
“That’s right! Using some strange magic, he annihilated my army all on
his own. A man dressed in black... If not... If not for that fucker, I would
never... to the likes of you!”
With the last of his strength, Rajas ranted and raved. Because of Reiji’s
sword and the lightning, instead of running wild, he seemed intent on just
leaving behind curses. Somewhat unexpectedly, Felmenia then approached
the demon.
“What is it... a woman?”
In response to the beautiful mage that approached him at such a leisurely
pace that she looked out of place, Rajas spat out a puzzled question while
wheezing.
“Demon, there is one thing that I would like to hear from a bastard like
you.”
“To hear... from me?”
“About the person you spoke of just now, the man in black clothes...”
“What...?”
Rajas made a dubious expression as cold sweat poured down his face.
And after closing her eyes for a short moment as if she was pondering in
hesitation, Felmenia asked her question.
“Demon, this man dressed in black... Did he perhaps call himself a
magician?”
“Woman, do you know that fucker?! YOU
BASTAAAAAAAAAAARD!”
The way Rajas lost his composure upon hearing her question was clearly
abnormal. It was like the roar of the beast holding deep resentment for an
abominable adversary.
And before long, finding it difficult to even curse out anymore, his
shouting came to a stop. Felmenia’s amber eyes seemed to be reflecting
some kind of admiration, and she muttered to herself in a somewhat
convinced manner.
“I see, so it was him after all.”
“Answer me, woman... Just what... What is...”
“He called himself a magician, did he not? In that case, there is nothing

more for me to tell you.”
“I-If only that man didn’t exist... I... I would never lose... to such small
fries...”
That much was true. The demon known as Rajas was that much of a
formidable enemy. He far surpassed their powers. If not for the exhaustion
from a precious battle and for the pale lightning that was eating away at him
like worms, they likely wouldn’t have attained victory. Before Rajas’s
towering body and his violent strength, they may just have suffered a
crushing defeat.
And before long, as if the pale lightning was overflowing from within
his body, Rajas began to shine brightly with a pale blue light. He screamed
out somebody’s name, but the words were swallowed up by the terrifying
splashes of electricity. He fell over. His body had reached its limit and could
no longer withstand that powerful energy. With a loud sound like a clap of
thunder, his body disappeared.
And as if announcing the end of the battle, the clang of Reiji’s
orichalcum sword—now scorched by lightning—rang out.
★
“Mizuki!”
After Rajas was burned to nothing by the lightning and vanished, Titania
screamed out Mizuki’s name as she ran over to her. Still completely
dumbfounded, Mizuki feebly sank to the ground and didn’t move. She
didn’t move at all. That was how affected she’d been by the poison that was
Rajas’s fearsome presence in battle. The trembling of her hands that were
loosely hanging at her sides demonstrated that the remains of the fear still
shook her heart. Reiji also drew closer to her, and asked her about her
sudden and baffling behavior.
“Mizuki! Why did you do something so reckless...?”
“Sorry... I was always just watching. It was only me... That’s why I
wanted to do something no matter what, so...”
Mizuki lifted her pale face and looked at Reiji as she spoke of the reason
why she had been so foolhardy. Then looking down at her trembling hands,
it was like she was reminded of it all over again. To meet her gaze, Titania
knelt down in front of her.

“Even so, if anything had gone wrong, you would have been killed by
that demon called Rajas.”
“A spell popped up in my head... So I thought maybe I could do
something about that big demon. That’s why...”
That’s why she’d done what she had. And Mizuki apologized for it again
to both of them. In response, Reiji once more let out words of relief as he
held her tightly.
“It’s great that you’re alright...”
“Yeah...”
Eventually, Hadorious finished recomposing the ranks of his troops and
sent out patrols into the surroundings. Back at the scene of the battle,
Titania called out to Felmenia.
“White Flame-dono, there is something that I would like to ask you.
Would that be alright?”
Hearing Titania’s polite request, Felmenia nodded. Everyone present
could guess what it was about, and waited with bated breath to hear
Titania’s question.
“White Flame-dono, about what you had asked Rajas earlier... Are you
acquainted with the person who created this situation and wounded that
demon?”
Felmenia quietly acknowledged her suspicions, and admitted what
everyone present had suspected.
“And so, about this man... What kind of man is he? What is his name?”
Graziella suddenly stepped forward and questioned her next. Was she
interested? No, there was no way she wasn’t. She had impatiently cut into
their conversation in her bullish manner, but the sullen look on Felmenia’s
face said she would never tell.
“My apologies, but I cannot answer that question.”
“...What did you say?”
“This is highly classified information of our country. I cannot provide
the answer to Your Imperial Highness of another nation.”
“That demon who called himself Rajas said this man you’re acquainted
with annihilated an army of this scale, you know? Even an idiot would
know that this is a serious matter. And are you saying you would refuse to
answer even then, you twit?”
Even when Felmenia said she couldn’t answer, Graziella didn’t back off.

She was even firing off her irritation from deep within her belly in the form
of mana and hostility to try and pressure her. A tense, unreasonable
atmosphere swept over the area. It felt like it would swallow anyone who
lost their focus for a mere second. Graziella was demanding an explanation
without a hint of leniency or modesty. Yet even so, Felmenia remained
obstinate.
“Yes, Your Highness. No matter how serious a matter it is, highly
classified information is highly classified information. Even if you are of an
allied nation, and regardless of mutually sharing all information regarding
the demons, I do not possess the authority to speak of this matter.”
Her face was so strained that Graziella’s brow spasmed. It seemed like a
fight might break out at any moment, but after clicking her tongue in
annoyance, she managed to calm herself down. Felmenia went as far to say
that it was a highly confidential matter to her country. Her inquiring further
was likely not something Titania and Hadorious would allow as authorities
of their nation. If she were to start a fight just because Felmenia wouldn’t
fold, that in and of itself would be a serious matter.
Once Graziella seemed to relent, Titania asked a question of her own.
“Regarding that matter, does that also include me?”
“With all due respect.”
Felmenia respectfully bowed her head. Following all this, Hadorious
stepped forward.
“Lady Stingray, if you cannot even answer to Her Highness Titania, then
does that mean this concerns your royal command from His Majesty the
King?”
“Regarding that matter, it is not something that I am able to provide an
answer for.”
“I see...”
The fact that she didn’t deny it was like implicitly acknowledging it.
However, just what did it mean that she knew who this strange, powerful
man was? Reiji knit his brow dubiously. There wasn’t supposed to be
anybody that strong in the Kingdom of Astel, or so he thought. It may be
that he just didn’t know about them. But if even Titania and Hadorious
didn’t know, something felt off. As Reiji turned this all over in his head,
Hadorious seemed to do the same thing. Eventually, however, he made an
unexpected suggestion.

“Then, about the matter of this demon and its army... There would be no
problem in saying that Hero-dono subdued them all, correct?”
“Wha—?!”
Naturally, the first one to react was the hero himself, Reiji. As if he
found Reiji’s shock to be somewhat mysterious, however, Hadorious
questioned him in return.
“What are you acting so surprised for?”
“I-Isn’t that obvious? I didn’t do it.”
“Certainly, but if we make this out to be the hero’s victory, you do know
what benefits it will reap for us, don’t you?”
“That’s...”
At that point, Reiji hesitated to object. Graziella was the one that raised
an objection now.
“Duke, do you believe that I would allow such a thing? We were also
here and fought with the demons too, you know.”
Graziella knew the truth, and she wasn’t about to let Reiji take this
achievement solely for himself. But as if he’d had an answer prepared in
advance, Hadorious courteously spoke to her without hesitation.
“Your Imperial Highness Graziella, if you are to let this matter slide, I
shall promise that we will not lodge a protest concerning Your Highness’s
invasion.”
“My invasion, you say?”
“Indeed. Your Highness brought an army across the border without
permission, after all.”
“You bastard...”
“For Your Highness, it would be problematic to have bad rumors spread
right now. I do believe this is a good deal. All you have to do is pretend that
you saw nothing here today.”
“...Do as you like...”
In response to Hadorious’s superficially polite offer, Graziella turned
around in ill humor. It seemed that Titania also had thoughts about this
matter of achievements, and was pointing a surprised and suspicious gaze at
Hadorious. However, as if to suggest that it wasn’t something that
concerned him, Hadorious began giving out instructions to his subordinates.
OceanofPDF.com

Chapter 2: The Goddess Is Super Strict
With Her
The imperial capital of Filas Philia. As the largest city within the
Nelferian Empire, it was home to all kinds of wonders. There was the
crystal statue of the Goddess in front of the famous Filas Philia Cathedral
and the Imperial University Library, which prided itself on having the
largest book collection between the three allied countries. There was also
the Magic Institute, which was built in collaboration with the Kingdom of
Astel and the Saadias Alliance, which was a think tank for all kinds of
magic research. The city itself existed on a grand scale, and was in
contention for the title of second largest in the entire world.
The outer edges of the city were predominantly wooden and ashen brick
dwellings, but the vast majority of the city streets were lined with
residences using a gentle shade of red bricks. And when it came to the
upper class district where the nobles lived, the buildings uniformly used
high quality, vivid red bricks.
Red was apparently the color of choice in building materials and many
other things because the emperor from five generations ago extolled it. It
was likely just a matter of personal preference, but in Suimei’s world, red—
chiefly in Europe—was used to signify the flowing blood of saints, and had
been treasured since ancient times. It was also commonly used for the
tabards of knights and soldiers as something of an ode to battle. So for this
world, especially a militaristic country like Nelferia, to be using the color so
prominently was quite the amusing coincidence.
While thinking of such things, Suimei tossed a glance heavenward. The
imperial city had not only a large, expansive street system, but many
exceptionally tall buildings to line it. The outer wall guarding the
circumference of the city was quite high, which seemed to increase the safe
building limit for structures inside the city. They were far taller than
anything he’d seen so far.

Even to an outsider like Suimei, Filas Philia gave off a discernably
different impression than the royal capital of Metel in the Kingdom of
Astel. There were plenty of people in Metel, but this place had a more
modern feel to it. Both cities had parks, shops, and the like, but the
maintenance of those places and basic needs like water and sewage
management was impressive here. So in terms of development, Filas Philia
did seem to be the more advanced of the two.
However, even taking in the beautiful townscape—complete with
remarkable buildings and children playing happily in fountains—a
persistent hazy feeling lingered gloomily over Suimei’s heard. But there
was a reason for his tired grumbling.
“I never thought Reiji and the others would be wiping my ass for me...”
Just how many times had he muttered that to himself already? From
what he heard from the travelers at the checkpoint, Reiji and the others
returned to Astel from the Empire, led an army from the kingdom, and
defeated the demon general named Rajas along with his ten thousand
subordinates.
Hearing this, of course, was a bolt out of the blue for Suimei. It was
astonishing to say the least. And after hearing the “news” came a natural
wave of bitterness. It manifested on his face now in the form of a grim
expression. Seeing it, a slightly concerned Lefille called out to him.
“Suimei-kun, you’re still talking about the rumor we heard from those
travelers, right? We still don’t know for certain whether they really defeated
him or not.”
“You’re right. But it’s not like I saw to it that Rajas was dead. And now
people are throwing his name around with Reiji’s, so based on that, I’m
guessing there’s an eight or nine out of ten chance that my attack isn’t what
finished him off...”
Suimei explained the main reason for his anguish with a sigh. He felt
badly about troubling Reiji and the others, but it was the thought that his
attack hadn’t properly finished the job that left his pride as a magician in
tatters. He’d stood at the ready and fired his anti-evil spirit, anti-demon
magicka. He was near exhausted at the time, but he was still unhappy with
the results. Even if it had only been a matter of time for the residual holy
lightning to bring the demon down, the whole situation left a bad taste in his
mouth after all.

“I’m seriously worthless. After running off at the mouth like that, for me
to be unable to finish him in a single strike is just...”
“Don’t be stupid. Even if it didn’t finish him, it was enough, wasn’t it? If
anything, it’s likely your friend came across Rajas in a compromised state.
Just think of what would have happened if they’d run into him and you
hadn’t fought him first...”
Just as she was implying, they would likely be dead right now.
However...
“You’re probably right, but that’s not the real problem here, you know?
Hahh...”
“That the fact that you weren’t able to finish him off is... Is what you
want to say? I understand the feeling, but it’s not good to just keep sighing
like that. If all you do is wallow in self-pity, then people will distance
themselves from you.”
“Yeah, well, you’re certainly right there.”
Lefille’s words made Suimei reflect on himself and how he’d been
acting. “If you keep sighing, people will distance themselves from you” was
probably her own way of saying, “If you keep sighing, happiness will run
away from you.” After all, people brought happiness, so if they avoided
you, then happiness would too. And she was right. Nothing could be done if
all he did was grumble all the time.
“Alright, let’s just drop that, and lift our spirits instead.”
“I agree. That’ll do you good.”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Revealing her usually calm smile, Lefille enthusiastically thrust her fist
into the air. At times like this, she brightened things up for the both of them.
“So, Lefille, you said you had somewhere you wanted to go, but where
are we headed from here?”
“The Church of Salvation.”
“...Seriously?”
★
Suimei followed Lefille, and they arrived at an area near the gate to the
outer wall. There stood one of several Churches of Salvation set up in
various places throughout the imperial capital.

This would be the first time Suimei approached an institution of the
largest religion in this world, but as he walked towards it, he couldn’t help
noticing it gave off a different impression from the rest of the city. The
walkway leading to it went from laid brickwork to scattered cobblestones.
There was a well cared for flower bed, and also a small pond. There were
even trees crowded next to each other, making this area the only place
nearby where there was any greenery. Listening carefully, he could hear the
songs of small birds. It was truly like a fresh and green holy ground. And in
the midst of all of it stood a white building.
As if inviting them further in, a path spread out before them. Walking
down it, Suimei could feel his face gradually grow more and more stern as
they drew nearer to their ultimate destination.
“A church... A church, huh?”
“You’ve been muttering with that weird expression on your face for a
while now, but is something up?”
“No, it’s nothing like that. I just can’t get used to the atmosphere in this
kinda place, you see...”
“You can’t get used to... a natural oasis that puts your soul at ease?”
“Yeah, certainly the negative ions are just flowing out, and mana is also
thick here, but...”
“C-Certainly, but neither of those are bad things, so what is it that
troubles you?”
“It might just be my nature as a magician, I guess. All I can think when I
see or hear anything about a church is that it’s a den for some of my worst
enemies.”
Indeed, in Suimei’s world, magicians had many natural enemies. The
church was the prime example. Typically, any religion that had a church fit
the bill, but there was one monotheistic religion in particular that came to
mind. That one that believed their god was incarnated as a savior, and
treated its teachings as supreme. Generally, said religion believed that only
people recognized by this or that were able to enact miracles. And those
“miracles” were really the mysteries known as magicka that magicians
used. Yet even though magicka existed even within their own teachings in
that regard, a sect of said religion treated all mystical powers that were not
handed down by their god as impure.
And so they made magicka out to be some unholy, ill-begotten power.

They claimed that the miracles they recognized were the only legitimate
power, meaning that magicians—the wielders of the power they decried—
were the enemy and had to be eradicated. To say they were overzealous was
probably the right way to put it.
And it was such zealousness that inspired most of history’s famous
witch hunts, and was connected to Helen Duncan’s famous prohibition of
the use of magic. It was all so the power of their faith could not be made
light of. Naturally, other religions made similar claims. It was something of
a vicious, extreme cycle. All religions placed a great deal of stock in what
they believed to be miracles, while they condemned or denied the miracles
of other faiths.
There were people who treated any and all involvement with magicka as
evil, but there were also people who would manipulate spiritual information
to swindle others. So needless to say, not everyone had fallen victim to
blind faith that had run amok, although that was certainly the case for a
certain group of people who claimed that magicka was heresy—the agents
of the Holy Inquisition.
Of course, no normal church had such a group of extremists. However,
even knowing that, Suimei had it firmly imprinted in him not to let his
guard down and never to lose his focus.
“Are you referencing the circumstances of your world?”
“Yeah.”
“But if you lump them together like that, aren’t you just being utterly
dismissive of our traditions?”
“Yeah, sorry, that wasn’t what I meant to do. My bad.”
Suimei timidly scratched his head and apologized. Lefille had her
cheeks slightly puffed out, and she was staring down at the ground looking
at nothing in particular. Seeing her like that struck a chord in Suimei, and he
couldn’t help but feel compelled to apologize.
“...Well, setting that aside, is this place really okay?”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I thought there was a much bigger church in the Empire, right? You
know, that one that tourists from other countries come here to see all the
time.”
“The Filas Philia Cathedral, you mean. It’s a place we talked about
before, but... Honestly, I don’t really want to go to that kind of grand place.”

Lefille knit her brow as she said that. She appeared convinced that going
to such a place would be trouble in a most taxing manner. Suimei was
curious.
“Why’s that?”
“In a place like that, there will certainly be a virtuous priest present. In
other words, someone in whom the Goddess’s blessed power is particularly
strong. I think you’re better informed of such blessings and what their
power means than I am, Suimei-kun, but... If someone like that saw through
to my true identity, what do you think would happen?”
“Hmm? I didn’t really think anyone finding out you were a spirit would
be a big deal... Was I wrong?”
Suimei asked because of something Lefille had once told him about this
world previously. Here, the things known as spirits were something very
close to people. And perhaps because Lefille was there, Suimei had even
sensed the presence of a minor spirit approach them too. Based on all that,
he didn’t think it was anything strange, but apparently he was mistaken.
Lefille then grimaced as if a lump had formed above her eyes.
“Even as I am now, I have the spirit of the scarlet tempest—one who
inherited the blood of Ishaktney. In Alshuna’s spirit legend, Ishaktney was
Goddess Alshuna’s right hand who fought against the Evil God Zekaraia. In
short, a direct subordinate of the Goddess herself. In other words...”
“If people found out, they would be suuuper excited. Definitely. Without
a doubt.”
“That’s right. It was fine back in Noshias. Even if I am a half-spirit,
everyone there still knew me as a person. Human. But in other regions,
especially where the Church of Salvation has a strong presence... If my
identity is discovered, it’ll probably turn into something preposterous.”
Looking as though she was recalling the horrible firsthand experience of
witnessing such a spectacle play out, Lefille’s face went pale and she began
trembling. She’d said it would be “something preposterous.” It wasn’t like
the church was some fanatic cult, but it wasn’t hard to imagine them
treating her like a living god. Rather, it was really easy to imagine Lefille’s
troubled face as people flocked to her.
“Hahaha, wouldn’t that be fine in its own way?”
“This is no laughing matter! Just try having them pray to you day after
day after day, weep as they give thanks, follow you around everywhere, and

ask nonsensical questions like what the fate of the world is! It would
depress you far beyond what you can imagine!”
“Yeah, that sounds... beyond unpleasant, hahaha...”
In response to Lefille’s angry complaints, Suimei let out a strange laugh.
Not moments later, they both heard the sound of hinges squeaking as they
rubbed together from the direction of the church. Suimei turned to look, and
was met with the sight of someone emerging from the building.
It was a man with swept-back hair, black but dotted with gray strands.
He wasn’t overly muscular, but certainly wasn’t slight either. He was
remarkably average-looking, but for some reason, Suimei felt like there was
something unusual about him. Suimei couldn’t really get a good read on the
man, but he certainly didn’t look to be the church type. He had a severe
look on his face. His eyes were closed, yet he walked forward with
confident steps. He was wearing what appeared to be dress clothes, the
hems of which were swinging in the air.
The path to the church was narrow enough it would only allow for two
people to walk abreast, so Suimei and Lefille quietly stepped aside to make
way for the man. He lightly nodded to them as a gesture of
acknowledgment, and continued along on his way.
Lefille craned her neck a bit to look behind her, and she stared at the
man’s back as if scrutinizing him. The sharp, discerning gaze she directed at
him certainly wasn’t something anyone would have expected from such a
childish face.
“Suimei-kun, that man...”
“Did you notice something about him?”
“No, I just thought that he was quite the master...”
Quite the master? Suimei hadn’t sensed any excess mana agitation as
they crossed paths. He hadn’t sensed anything mystical or any mysterious
wrenching of phenomena around him either. In that case, Lefille had to
mean...
“You mean... as a swordsman?”
“That’s right, but... What’s wrong? Don’t you also have knowledge of
swords?”
“No, I mean, I do in fact use a sword too, but... I’m not so skilled that I
can see through the subtleties of another swordsman. There’re a lot of
strong guys who keep their skills hidden inside rather than letting them

show, after all. I’m still a long ways away from being able to read those
delicate signs.”
“Huh... I see.”
But that meant this man had to have considerable prowess. Even
ignoring the fact that she was a spirit, Lefille possessed superior ability with
a sword. So if she had seen something in someone that Suimei hadn’t, that
was a testament to their power. It was something of the reverse, but a
similar situation had occurred back at the checkpoint...
“You know, that girl from before... Liliana, was it? She gave off a strong
vibe too, huh?”
Suimei was referring to the young mage called Liliana Zandyke. The
mana she emanated wasn’t something Suimei could ignore. Just from what
he’d seen then, he could see that she had considerable capabilities with
magic. Even though she likely didn’t have a mana furnace, she really had
some nerve to have that much mana in her.
“Liliana Zandyke, huh? There isn’t much known about her, but she
participated in skirmishes with a country to the south several times, and she
seems to have made a name for herself that way. They even call her the
Empire’s human weapon.”
“That’s a hell of a nickname...”
“She apparently earned it because she indifferently carries out missions
given to her, but the fact that she doesn’t show much emotion in the first
place probably has something to do with it.”
That much was certainly true. Just from their brief interaction at the
checkpoint, Suimei had gotten the impression Liliana wasn’t particularly
expressive. They’d only exchanged a few words, however, so he didn’t
know what she was really like.
“Oops, this isn’t the time for that. I need to go do my prayers quickly.”
With that, Lefille rushed ahead, tottered up the stairs, and opened the
pure white doors. The instant she entered the church, she locked eyes on the
Goddess’s statue and dashed over to it without a second thought or glance
anywhere else. A devotee... No, since the Goddess Alshuna was something
that truly existed in this world, it was a little different. Suimei followed her
into the church, and gazed upward as if to inspect the ceiling.
A sanctuary of the Church of Salvation. Unlike the popular churches in
his own world, there were no stained glass windows and no pipe organ.

However, with its tranquil atmosphere and ornate statue, it largely gave off
the same feeling.
The building itself had windows near the ceiling, and the sunbeams
coming in through them scattered as they fell to the ground. Anywhere the
sunlight didn’t reach was warmly illuminated with magic. The sanctuary
was dotted with people. There were small children dressed in clothing that
didn’t seem particularly lavish, calm elderly women, and well-kept elderly
men. They all sat facing the statue and silently offering up prayers. It was a
full-fledged, respectable church.
“Hello.”
While Suimei was sizing up this church from another world, a woman’s
voice called to him from the side. Suimei turned around to greet whoever it
was.
“Aah, hello... AAH!”
He managed something of a greeting, but was unable to restrain the
surprise that escaped his throat as a half-shout, half-gasp. His eyes then
darted around the room. Seeing him in such a fluster, the young woman
dressed like a nun called out to him again, her head titled to the side.
“Is something the matter?”
“E-Ears are attached!”
Suimei was unable to dispel his surprise in the end, such was the extent
of his astonishment. And all he could do was incoherently declare what
exactly it was that had caught his eye.
“Is that not obvious? You also appear to have ears, do you not?”
“Not that... I mean, um, that...”
“Ah, could it be that this is your first time seeing a therianthrope?”
“Uh...”
Hearing that word, Suimei recalled learning that the Empire was home
to a wide variety of races. One of said races were something known as
therianthropes. Born with characteristics of animals, they were a race native
to this world that had power beyond that of normal humans.
And realizing that this woman was one of them, Suimei was finally able
to make sense of her appearance. If she was a therianthrope, it wasn’t all
that strange for her to have animal ears. She was wearing what was likely
the religious habit of the Church of Salvation, blue robes with frills. Under
the veil that was attached to her outfit, Suimei could see slightly wavy pink

hair. But most notably of all, there were feline ears popping out that were
somewhat drooping over.
As Suimei nonchalantly looked at her face, she had a meek and gentle
expression... but he felt a great wisdom in her that didn’t betray an ounce of
meekness. Finally responding to her, Suimei politely apologized for his
agitated behavior just moments ago.
“I was just so surprised to see those ears... My apologies for being
shaken like that.”
“Is that so? Then it’s no wonder you were so surprised. People who have
not seen therianthropes before often react that way.”
The nun gave a moderate giggle. She carried herself like an older
woman, which made Suimei feel a bit shy, but... Setting that aside, the cat-
eared sister put her finger to her cheek and cocked her head to the side.
“Are you not going to pray?”
“No, I’m just that girl’s escort.”
Suimei nodded towards Lefille, who was kneeling down to offer her
prayers. The sister once more gave a cheerful smile.
“Oh my, that is quite the small lover you have.”
“Wha? What are you saying all of a—”
“But you mustn’t do that. It is not smiled upon in the Empire for a man
your age to accompany a small girl in that way, after all.”
“Hahh... No, you’ve got it all wrong! I’m telling you, that’s not what I
meant when I said escort!”
“Heehee, I know. It was but a joke.”
And with that, the sister confessed that she had intentionally gotten a
rise out of him. But there was no malice in it. With her pleasant smile and
her blooming figure, it looked like she was laughing at the man who was
getting flustered for no reason. He had been completely outwitted. Suimei’s
shoulders drooped heavily. Then, in stark contrast to her previous
lighthearted giggling, the sister looked over to Lefille and spoke quietly.
“What an ardent child.”
“Yeah... When I asked her where she wanted to go when we made it to
the capital, the first thing she said was the church. And here we are. She
wants to pray at a church as much as she can while we’re in town... Or so
she said as she tugged on my sleeve all the way here.”
“It seems she holds the teachings of our Goddess quite dear. At such an

age, she certainly has her act together.”
“Ahaha... Well, regarding her age, please don’t say anything about it in
front of her...”
“...?”
Unsure what Suimei was alluding to, the sister’s ears pricked up and she
looked at him curiously. Things certainly would be a lot easier if Lefille
could return to her normal form, and not just for her.
And while Suimei was idly scratching the back of his head over such
thoughts, he caught sight of the line that was forming next to Lefille. Now
that the sermon was over, people were gathering before the priest with
expectant, hopeful looks on their faces. Just what were they waiting for?
Suimei then decided to ask the sister about it.
“What is that line they’re forming after the service?”
“It is for Alshuna-sama’s oracle. After praying, His Excellency the
Bishop will pass down oracles from our dear Goddess... though most people
will not be so fortunate as to receive one themselves.”
“Hmm...”
So this was the oracle that had made Lefille go out on a limb and
introduce herself to Suimei in the first place. He could see the priest
standing next to the statue, holding a book to his chest as he muttered
something quietly. Looking closely, Suimei could see certain localized signs
of power. He couldn’t feel a spell or the movement of mana, but locally, just
where the priest was, there was theurgy at work and the aetheric was
markedly pronounced.
It was likely that the priest was using his own body as an intermediary to
allow for the intervention of the Goddess. He was a genuine oracle. As
Suimei saw through his power and muttered a word or two of admiration,
the sister gave him a puzzled look.
“I have to say it’s unexpected that you are unaware of such oracles. You
should find such scenes in any church...”
“There is no Church of Salvation where I’m from, you see.”
“Oh my, how unusual. However, the village that I came from also did
not have faith in the Goddess, so I understand.”
She clapped her hands together as if this realization was an unexpected
coincidence, and a sweet smile bloomed on her face. It was a serene
expression. Somehow between that and her animalistic presence, she gave

off a very tranquil atmosphere that tugged at Suimei’s heart.
“Which reminds me though...”
“What is it?”
“Could it be that you arrived in Filas Philia today?”
“You can tell?”
“It seems this is your first time seeing a therianthrope, and... I just had
something of a feeling.”
“Oof... My ignorance has been exposed, huh?”
Since he had been looking around at everything with interest and asking
things that were generally considered common sense, the sister probably
saw him as if he was a country bumpkin or something. As Suimei belittled
himself in a joking tone, the sister became a little flustered as though she
thought she’d said something rude.
“Oh, no, I didn’t mean it in that way...”
Seeing her react that way, Suimei flashed a refreshing smile as he
continued with a slightly impish air about him.
“So, would you mind enlightening an ignorant fool like me with some
welcoming information?”
“Y-Yes, of course, but... It’s not all that welcoming as far as information
goes, I’m afraid.”
“Did something happen?”
“Two or three things. Between the good story and the not so pleasant
one, which would you rather hear first?”
“Please start with the worse one. Hearing the good story afterwards will
help mitigate whatever the bad news is.”
“Alright then...”
With that, the sister’s gentle expression took a turn for the grim, and she
began speaking as if presenting him with advice.
“You said that you have only just arrived in the imperial capital, but if
that is the case, please do be careful about going out at night. Recently,
there have been troubling incidents happening in the city.”
“Troubling incidents, you say?”
“Yes. It started about a month ago, I believe. When morning comes
around, people have been frequently discovered in a comatose state, and it
has been fanning the anxiety of the people who live in the imperial capital.”
“That is quite a story, isn’t it? Is it something like a hoodlum attacking

people and leaving them in a coma?”
“It seems that way, yes. It’s clearly the aftereffects of being struck by
magic, so there’s no mistaking that someone is attacking people.”
“But you said a month, didn’t you? It’s been going on that long and it
hasn’t been resolved?”
“Regarding that, the military police have been trying everything they
can, but nothing has come of it as of yet. There aren’t many clues that
would lead to the culprit’s trail, and because the effects and destructive
force of the magic being used is quite unusual, it seems they’ve been unable
to even determine what attribute was used. And so I’m afraid there haven’t
been any leads on the case.”
She cast her eyes downward, disappointed. It seemed she was truly a
kindhearted person. She looked pained, as if she was thinking about the
victims and what they and their loved ones had been through.
“Sister, you sure are well informed, huh?”
“Yes, many people come and visit the church, so I hear of many
matters.”
As if indicating her acute sense of hearing, her ears twitched a few
times. Suimei’s heart jumped. He really wanted to touch them, but knew he
had to resist the urge. Surely that would be considered rude. Suddenly
looking up, the sister clapped her hands together heartily as if she’d
remembered something.
“However, the hero has been added to the investigation of this incident.
It will likely be resolved in short order.”
“The hero?”
“Yes. The esteemed hero who was summoned in the Holy State of El
Meide is currently staying here in Filas Philia.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It has not yet been announced to the general public, but it will
likely soon be unveiled by the imperial government and the Church of
Salvation. Is that not good news?”
Was it? Either way, it piqued Suimei’s interest. The Holy State of El
Meide was the neutral religious state to the south of the Empire, and there
was no way Suimei wouldn’t be curious about what kind of hero had been
summoned there. He was extremely interested in finding out what the
heroes other than Reiji were like, hoping it might help him grasp the trend

behind the summonings.
“Moreover, it seems that the esteemed summoned hero of the Saadias
Alliance also went on the move the other day.”
“Now that you mention it, there are a total of four summoned heroes,
right?”
“The esteemed hero who was summoned in the Saadias Alliance is
apparently a beautiful woman. Her skill with the sword is apparently quite
something. Her mastery with the blade is said to be so brilliant that she
could easily handle the Alliance’s swordsmen and the suzerain’s first prince,
who is known as the Sword King.”
So the third hero was a woman. Thinking about their demographics so
far, Suimei began wondering what exactly the requirements for being
summoned were. At the very least, he now knew that being a man was off
the table. But be that as it may...
“Girls are seriously strong, huh? What’s with that...?”
“...Did you say something?”
It seemed the sister heard Suimei’s grumbling, but he brushed it off by
saying it was nothing. It was likely that the answer to the mystery he was
pondering would not come to him for all eternity. And as he turned the
matter over in his head, the sister clasped both her hands together in front of
her large chest again.
“With this, we have reason to hope the subjugation of the Demon Lord
and demon armies will go well.”
“That is good news, yeah.”
As Suimei nodded, he cast a glance around the room. At the front of the
line before the priest was a young girl. And before Suimei even realized it
was Lefille who was receiving her oracle, she raised a desperate voice.
“Wh-What did you say?! Ah, n-no, i-is that really true?!”
Indeed, Lefille approached the priest in a panicked fluster. He looked
troubled for a moment as Lefille clung to him, but as he was the one who
managed the oracles, he must have been used to such interactions. His
expression tightened back up into a solemn one, and he nodded firmly.
“No way!”
Apparently not getting the answer she wanted, Lefille’s shouted out in
what was near a scream. She then immediately turned towards Suimei for
advice.

“S-Suimei-kun! Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What do I do?! It’s serious!”
“You’re panicking too much, Lefille. What’s up with you?”
“There’s nothing up or down! Wh-What should I do?!”
“Okay, for starters... You need to calm down and tell me what happened.
We can go from there.”
But Lefille had already lost her composure, and she cried out to Suimei
in response.
“An oracle! I got another oracle!”
“Again...? So?”
It wasn’t normal for her to be so flustered. Just what kind of absurd
instruction had the Goddess passed on to her this time?
★
“Here, huh...?”
“Looks like it.”
A few days after Suimei and Lefille arrived in the imperial capital of the
Nelferian Empire, they took an excursion into the back of the residential
area of northwest of Filas Philia.
Naturally, the buildings were closely packed together like they would be
in any city, and characteristic of the imperial capital in particular, a great
many of them were tall. Perhaps because of that, despite being daytime, it
was quite gloomy. In the modern world, there would undoubtedly be
lawsuits about people’s rights to sunshine. Casually looking up and down
the nooks of alleyways, there were sad little weeds growing here and there,
but other than that, all was shadow. It was like whatever sunshine there was
was promptly absorbed by the gloom. To compare it to something from his
own world, this was a slum. A back alley slum described it perfectly. At a
glance, most of the surrounding structures were cheap-looking.
But that’s exactly why they’d come. Yes, their first real order of business
after arriving in the Empire was securing a place to live. Suimei was
planning on gathering information and goods in Nelferia, and Lefille
wanted to study at the Magic Institute. After leaving the church on their first
day in town, they’d gone to look for traders who mediated in the sale of
residences. Because the majority of the imperial capital was under
management of the imperial government, they’d ended up making their way

to a government office. From there, they were referred to the supervisor of a
district containing a residence that matched their specifications. And today,
they had arranged to meet this supervisor and see the property.
They’d come to a stop along the street and weren’t proceeding any
further. It wasn’t like they’d been overcome by the gloom, though Lefille
looked up at Suimei anxiously.
“Suimei-kun, is this place really alright?”
“Hmm? It’ll probably be fine. I’m sure this is where we were supposed
to meet.”
“I’m not talking about that; I’m talking about where we’re going to live.
It’s close to a main street, so the location isn’t bad, but somehow... The
atmosphere, you know?”
The more Lefille looked around, the more her doubts grew. Certainly it
was just as her anxious gaze indicated, the place didn’t give off a great
impression. There wasn’t much light, and there was also some kind of
stench coming from who knows where. It was close to the main street, but it
wouldn’t qualify as good real estate by most people’s standards.
“Well, this was the only property that matched our requests. We’ll just
have to put up with a few things.”
“You’re right. I guess not everything can be perfect...”
“It’s no big deal, we can’t do much about the sunlight, but the smell and
other things can be improved, so there’s nothing to really worry about...”
Even as Suimei tried to tell her that it would work out, Lefille kept her
gaze fixed on the somewhat dirty, spread out bricks in the road below her
feet. Was she that worried about the pros and cons of a place to live? The
usual Lefille would have laughed something like this off as she bravely
stepped up to the plate in the face of a challenge, but not now. Suimei had
an idea as to what might be weighing her down.
“What, are you still worried about that oracle?”
“O-Of course I am! I got that kind of oracle, you know?!”
By that kind of oracle, she meant that the Goddess’s word she had
received at the local Church of Salvation was well beyond the realm of
what she could have possibly imagined. Indeed, the instructions passed
down to Lefille were: “Act together with the hero staying in the Empire,
and fight the demons.”
The Goddess apparently wanted her to follow someone she had never

even met—the hero summoned in El Meide. For Lefille, who had just
reached the imperial capital in pursuit of her own goals, this seemed all too
sudden. In fact, it seemed that Lefille was outright opposed to the oracle
she’d received. She’d thrown a fit in the church when she first heard it, and
after finally calming down, she’d fallen into her current slump. Suimei,
however, thought the solution was pretty clear.
“If you don’t want to listen to Alshuna or whoever, then I think it’s
probably fine if you don’t. You can just pretend to forget.”
“I-I can’t exactly do that. After receiving a message from the Goddess
Alshuna, it would be dishonorable not to heed it.”
“Dishonorable...? You’re talking about your power, aren’t you? Listen,
it’s not like you guys talked this over. It’s all one-sided, isn’t it? You didn’t
even ask for your power, you know? So using that as a premise to ask you
to do something else is a bit much, yeah?”
“Th-That may be the case, but...”
Lefille’s voice gradually tapered off until it was inaudible. She found
herself so lost in the maze of faith exactly because she was devout. From
time to time, the strong of faith tried to deny themselves and their desires.
In their place, they would impose obligation on themselves. They believed
they walked the straight and narrow that way, and clung to it as if it were
the only way. And so their faith hung over them like the sword of
Damocles.
Of course, there were those who lived pure and beautiful lives with their
strong sense of faith and values, but obstinacy in those things could have
detrimental effects. Forcing yourself to live one way when you want to live
another can tear someone apart. And if things kept going like this...
“So are you gonna meet up with this hero from El Something or what?”
“D-Do I even have to say it?! It’s obvious that I don’t want to!”
“It’s obvious, huh? Well, if that’s the case, then that’s all the more reason
you shouldn’t just drop everything and do what they want you to, right...?”
In the end, Suimei cared about what Lefille wanted to do for herself.
And even though she stubbornly, dejectedly declared that she didn’t want to
go through with it...
“That in and of itself would be making slight of the Goddess’s words,
and if something were to happen because of it, I...”
She didn’t want that to happen either. Swallowed by waves of self-

condemnation, she was unable to act according to her own will. Suimei
didn’t think that was right. He thought she should be able to do what she
wanted, rather than be bound by what some goddess said.
“Got it. I’ll do something about it.”
“What? What do you mean you’ll do something about it?”
“Just what I said. If you don’t want to go along, then just don’t go along.
And if you’re told to, then I’ll pull you back. And if anybody says anything,
I’ll do something about it. You should be allowed to follow your heart,
right?”
Even if she couldn’t bring herself to willfully act against the order, that
didn’t mean she had to follow it. And Suimei was willing to do his part as
her partner. Even if it wasn’t what Lefille had intended, if he was the one
who held her back, then it was no reflection on her faith if she couldn’t
complete the divine quest she’d unwillingly been assigned. And now that
she understood what he meant, an entirely different anxiety filled her.
“Y-You can’t! That would be defying the Goddess, Suimei-kun! If you
do such a thing, you’ll...”
“Like I care. It’s not like I worship this goddess of yours anyways.
Come heaven, hell, Eden, or Hades, you think I give a crap? Besides,
magicians are just the type to pick a fight against everything in the world,
even higher powers, in the quest to become omnipotent. We’re practically
all people who just spit at the heavens.”
“But even so, if you provoke the wrath of the Goddess...”
“Yeah, I don’t really mind. There’re tons of guys all over the globe who
disobey their gods. And yet the world still goes round. Thinking that you
can’t live if you oppose the goddess is putting a little too much faith in the
system, I’m telling ya.”
“Even so, even so... If something were to happen...”
Lefille looked up at Suimei with desperate eyes. In response, he closed
one eye and scoffed as if to say, “So what if it did?”
“Even so. If they were to stand in my way, then it just means I have to
brush them aside, and I’ll proceed onward like I always do. Be it Goddess
or Evil God, it doesn’t matter to me... Hmph. If a being that can only
intervene from the astral plane wants to try playing their hand, then they
should just fucking try it. Like I’m going to lose to some idiot who couldn’t
finish off the Evil God on their own and can only pass down orders from on

high.”
“Y-You’re talking about an almighty being here, you know? No matter
how strong you are, it would never...”
“Even so, that’s what I’m aiming for. And if I back down from that, I
can’t call myself a magician.”
The people that Suimei wanted to protect, he wanted to protect from
anything and everything. That was the drive he had within him. And to
answer to that, he’d become a magician. He wouldn’t stand for denying it.
He would stake his eye on it. And having caught a glimpse of Suimei’s
resolve...
“Ah... Mm, thanks...”
“Wha...? Y-Yeah.”
Averting her eyes, Lefille thanked him while fidgeting. Suimei turned
bashful at the sight of her... but only for an instant.
“Ooh, so you made it!”
A lively voice interrupted the sweet atmosphere that had developed
between Suimei and Lefille. Looking to its source, they saw a girl with
bright blue hair dressed in clothes that were easy to move in. She had large,
round eyes and a somewhat cute face. She had what appeared to be a tattoo
running down from her cheek to the back of her neck. At a glance, she
seemed quite lively.
However, she was small. She was short in stature, had a small chest...
Everything about her was small. At a glance, she was approximately the
same as Lefille.
Another little girl, huh? I mean, Lefille isn’t really a little girl, but still...
After what had happened at the checkpoint, Suimei was starting to feel
like he was meeting nothing but little girls. That sentiment manifested in
Suimei’s tense gaze as he assessed the new arrival, and the girl blatantly
strained her face as if she saw something disgusting in return.
“What’s your problem? I’m not sure I like the way you’re looking at
me.”
“No, sorry. I’ve been seeing nothing but children lately, so it was
something of a reflex.”
“Ch-Children?! Are ya talking about me?”
“I am... What about it?”
When he declared that, the girl’s eyes suddenly narrowed menacingly.

Then, with a threatening tone no one would have imagined coming from her
cute face, she got aggressive.
“From the looks of it, boy, you’re plenty younger than me. You got some
nerve to say that kinda crap, doncha?”
“Huh? Boy?”
“Yeah, boy. You look just like a wee thing that just got outta Salvation
School.”
What was this girl talking about? From the sound of it, she was upset
because Suimei was treating her like she was much younger than she
actually was. But she certainly did look young. Was she altering her
appearance to look young again like one of those senile magicians? As
Suimei pondered all this, Lefille seemed to arrive at some sort of
understanding. She clapped her hands together and spoke in an excited tone.
“Could it be that you’re a dwarf?!”
“Yeah, that’s right. I’m the genuine article, both my old man and my ma
are dwarves. Purebred right here.”
“Wha...”
“You sounded like you came to see us when you got here, which
means...”
“Indeed, indeed! It’s just as you guessed, missy. I’m the one who
supervises this place, Jillbert Griga.”
“Ummm... I’m completely outta the loop here.”
“What’s that?”
Having been left behind as the conversation progressed, Suimei looked
troubled. The girl—Jillbert Griga—was still glaring at him like she was
ready to square up, however. It completely spoiled her cute face.
“Hahh... What’s with you? This kid’s sharp as a tack, but you’re a slow
one, aincha?”
“Slow? Listen here, you...”
Suimei was offended, of course, but still taken aback enough that all he
could really do was convey his dissatisfaction with an exasperated
expression. Why’d she have to go that far? Lefille had called her a dwarf, so
he could pretty much guess why she was offended, but...
“That’s not it. He’s just never seen a dwarf before.”
“Hmh? Aah, s’that so? Well, in that case, guess there’s no helping a
misunderstanding, huh?”

“...This is a super rude question, but how old are you?”
“Me? I’ll be twenty-one this year.”
“You’re really older than me, huh...? I mean, of course you are.”
“That’s right. To immediately fix your tone like that, boy, you look
kinda stupid, but you do got your act together, doncha? Seems you know
your manners after all. Good, good.”
Jillbert, both hands on her hips, took a cocky tone with Suimei. Lefille
patted her on the shoulder and told her she was fine just the way she was.
Dwarves. According to Norse mythology, they were categorized as a
type of fairy who lived in the underground world. They were essentially the
opposite of the beautiful fairies of the same origin, the alfar or elves, and
were a subhuman existence with blackish, hideous bodies referred to as
dvergar or dark elves. According to the tales, they excelled in smithing and
craftsmanship, and created tools that could rival the power of the gods. At
times they would quarrel with the gods, and at others, cooperate with them.
They were creatures depicted in all manner of ways and in all sorts of
stories. From the folklore that stemmed from there, they were modeled after
gentle or mischievous little people.
Something like a beard... Well, the tattoo kinda looks like one, and she’s
pretty petite. But why is it that age and beauty have completely no
connection...?
Not much would come from trying to decipher it. This was a different
world, which likely meant that all bets were off. But Suimei aside, it
seemed that Jillbert had taken a liking to Lefille, and the two of them were
getting engrossed in chatting about clothes and other such topics. He was
sorry to interrupt while they were having fun, but Suimei wanted to get
things moving.
“Excuse me, but would you mind introducing us to the house now?”
“Hmm? Aah, now that you mention it, you’re right. You came to see the
place, dincha? Plum slipped my mind.”
“H-Hey, that’s the whole reason we’re here.”
“Don’t worry ’bout it. It’s lame for a man to worry ’bout such minor
details, ya know? So impatient... You a virgin?”
“Ugh...”
The lips on her cute face were curled up into a broad, biting grin. Truly a
dvergar. Just as insolent as the legends stated. She sure could let her mouth

run.
Jillbert walked off with a bounding stride, and when they followed,
Suimei and Lefille were guided to a somewhat large, detached house
interposed between several housing complexes.
“Just as requested, it’s quite spacious, innit?”
“Hmm...”
Suimei began inspecting the place, peering in the entrance and raising
his eyes to the ceiling. The inside was made of wood, and it appeared to
have been a while since the place was last occupied. The pillars and joists
used seemed to be rather large, and the construction of the building itself
was quite solid. Perhaps that was to be expected from the Empire where
water and sewage services were all in order, and Suimei certainly had no
objections to a readily available water supply.
The three of them briefly looked around the rooms, and as they returned
to the corridor back at the entrance, Jillbert spoke up in a somewhat
expectant voice.
“Watcha think?”
“It isn’t bad. It meets all our requirements, and it’s actually much better
than I was expecting.”
“Of course it is. It’s one of my properties, ya know? Ain’t a single thing
wrong with it.”
Saying that, Jillbert thrust out her petite chest and once more took on her
cocky attitude. Lefille, however, dropped her gaze to the floor and spoke in
a somewhat distant voice.
“Suimei-kun, I’m glad you chose such a nice place...”
“Hmm?”
She was giving her blessing, but something wasn’t right. It was like she
was talking about somebody else’s affairs entirely. As Suimei puzzled over
the subtleties of her heart that made her talk like that, she continued to
speak in the same unnatural way.
“N-Next is where I’ll be living...”
“Huh...? Where you’ll be living?”
“That’s right. You’ve found a place, so I need to do the same.”
“Why? What about here? Since it’s so spacious, can’t we just live
together?”
“Eh—That’s, um... Won’t I be a nuisance?”

She answered with a perplexed tone and what looked like a completely
bewildered expression. Her eyes were open wide. Suimei hadn’t realized
that what was weighing on her mind was that she was worried about
bothering him. It was rather innocent, but it was just like her.
“You think you’ll be a nuisance, huh? Even if you are, this is what I was
planning from the start, you hear?”
“Really?!”
Lefille eagerly asked for confirmation like this was a most unexpected
but pleasant surprise. It was like she wanted to make sure she hadn’t
misheard him. Walking up to her, Suimei leaned over and spoke in a quiet
voice.
“Well, you know... In that form, you won’t have an easy time finding a
place on your own. And that’s not to mention the curse.”
“But... that’s not your responsibility. Besides, you have your own goals
to accomplish, right?”
“It’s fine. This is the ship I boarded. And on that note, I’m sticking with
you until it’s dispelled.”
“—?!”
When Suimei said those last few words, a surprised look crossed
Lefille’s face for a moment before she suddenly embraced him with all of
her might.
“Thank you, Suimei-kun!”
“O-Oh...”
She was even rubbing her soft and squishy cheeks against his. Was she
that overcome with emotion? She’d been all alone with no one to help her
or stay by her side. So thinking about it, her reaction to Suimei saying he’d
stick with her was quite understandable, but that didn’t abate his
embarrassment over it. He also realized a cold stare was being directed at
him from the side.
“Jillbert-san, is something the matter?”
“Hey, are you, ya know, that pedophile that we’ve been hearing about on
the streets lately?”
“No, you’re wrong, I’m not really...”
Trying to explain himself, Suimei pushed Lefille away for the moment.
And as if she was looking at something filthy, Jillbert took a step back like
she was ready to run away.

“Stay back. And get away from Lefille. And keep more than five meters
away from me. And don’t get a damn bit closer, ya hear?”
“Please listen to people when they talk. It’s a misunderstanding...”
“Guys who say stuff like that are often secretly evil, ya know.”
“That’s enough of that... Anyways, I had one more request.”
“Hmm... Aah, yeah, it’s over there. This here place has one. Follow me.”
As Suimei changed the subject, Jillbert made a somewhat curt reply and
showed the two of them to a room further into the house.
“Suimei-kun, what is Jillbert talking about?”
“Oh, that? A bathroom.”
“A bathroom?! Does this house have a place to take baths?!”
Lefille questioned him in an excited voice, but it was Jillbert that turned
around and answered her in Suimei’s stead.
“Of course it does. This is the imperial capital, ya know. Of course
houses here have baths. That should go without saying.”
Again, she was essentially bragging. But the moment she got the
confirmation she wanted, Lefille ran over towards Jillbert as if she was
flying. Suimei followed after them, and they arrived at a bathroom
constructed out of cleanly polished stones and gypsum. Inside the room,
what appeared to be a brand new wooden bathtub had been set up. Slapping
it heartily, Jillbert went back to bragging.
“Innit a fine specimen?”
“Waaah...”
By the time Suimei caught up, Lefille was already looking at the bathtub
with sparkling eyes. The Kingdom of Astel had virtually no bathing culture,
so until recently, they’d had to make do using stiff, steamed cloth to give
themselves sponge baths. As a native of Noshias, which had the same
bathing customs as the Empire, Lefille had been particularly affected during
her stay in Astel. This was actually one of the reasons Lefille badgered
Suimei to get to the capital so quickly, and in that regard, Suimei agreed. He
was also quite fed up with the lack of bathing after being summoned to
another world, and he absolutely wanted a bathroom with a bathtub in the
house that would serve as his base no matter what.
So as a girl who knew the importance of bathing, of course Lefille was
delighted. Losing sight of herself in the excitement, however...
“Suimei-kun! It’s somewhere to take a bath! Somewhere to take a bath

—can you believe it?! Let’s get in right away!”
She was in such high spirits that her usual serious demeanor was
nowhere to be seen. She was acting nothing like her ordinarily refined self.
“We need to clean the rooms and get all sorts of things ready first, so
it’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”
“Ah... Yes, you’re right.”
Hearing that she wouldn’t be able to get in today, Lefille lost all her
steam and her shoulders drooped dejectedly. And once more, Suimei felt a
cold stare fall upon him. As expected, it was coming from Jillbert.
“...What is it? Why are you looking at me like I’m the plague?”
“It’s just like I thought, punk. You’re really that pedophile, aincha?”
“I don’t recall saying anything perverted in that conversation, and
certainly nothing that would give you that impression.”
“Missy’s talking about getting in the bath, and it sounds like she means
together, don’t she?”
“Y-Y-You’re wrong! P-Perhaps my wording may have been misleading,
but that was absolutely not my intent.”
“See? That’s how it is. I’m not entering the bath together with Lefille.”
Suimei stated his case flatly, but for some reason, Lefille turned towards
him with an anxious expression.
“Suimei-kun, d-do you hate the idea... of taking a bath with me?”
“Wha? Lefille, what the hell are—”
“Well, do you...?”
“Huh? No, that’s, um...”
“Hey, the hell are ya stuttering about there, you pedophile? You damn
enemy of female dwarves...”
“L-L-Like I’ve been saying, y-you’ve got it wrong...”
Suimei seemed unable to articulate himself well, and it seemed more
and more like this wasn’t going to go in his favor. Now that Jillbert thought
he was a pedophile, he felt trapped. No matter what he did, she wasn’t
going to let it go.
“Hahh...”
Under Jillbert’s harsh gaze, Suimei let out a heavy sigh.
However, now that Suimei was about to get his hands on a house to use
as a base, he would finally be able to get started on properly researching the
hero summoning magicka circle. A base was the first real step to any

serious magicka study. Without a dedicated space for research, nothing
would get done. He would still have to make his magicka items by hand
from scratch, but if he made a room where he could perform various rituals,
his research should proceed relatively swiftly.
“Hey, pedophile, didn’t I tell ya not to get any closer? You got ears
attached to that head of yours or what?”
“Give it a fucking rest already, you legal delinquent loli! I’ve been
saying I’m not a goddamn pedophile this whole time, haven’t I?!”
And in the end, somehow or other, Suimei ended up on good terms with
Jillbert in the sense that they certainly didn’t hold back with each other.
★
Kurant City. Blessed with underground water from the mountain range
to the north, it was one of the easier places to live within the Kingdom of
Astel, even in regards to climate. If it had a drawback, it was that its
proximity to the national border was a risk. Even in the war a hundred years
ago, it was a highly contested battleground.
But at the same time, the city had developed exactly because it lay
directly on the main highway between the Empire and the Alliance, so it
had benefited significantly from trade in the area. The royal capital of Metel
was esteemed for its refined sense of old customs, but Kurant City was so
beautifully well maintained that it was easy to mistake as more developed
than Metel. The citizens lived quite well there.
The city itself was well defended, and the new discovery of magic-
resistant materials was being used to improve those defenses even more.
The city’s ramparts and military installations were being reinforced to help
keep the Empire in check. In an emergency, Kurant City served as the
secondary defense line for the Kingdom of Astel right after the border
fortress.
And Kurant City, being both commercial and fortified, was where Reiji
and his cohorts presently were. After defeating Rajas, they were invited
there by Hadorious, and immediately participated in a parade for their
triumphant return upon arrival. The people of the city extolled Reiji’s
achievement in exterminating a demon army, falsified though it was.
After several hectic days passed, they were now staying at an inn within

Kurant City. For exceptional guests like the princess and the hero, it was
common for them to stay at the duke’s mansion, but they had instead
accepted accommodations at a local inn at Titania’s request. Even if
Hadorious was an ally, his company and his kindness weren’t things to be
accepted at face value. Titania personally still felt uncomfortable around
him.
Relaxing in the inn, Reiji, Mizuki, and Titania were sitting on sofas as
they faced each other in a circle. After gulping down a few sips of the rose
water that had been prepared for them, Mizuki let out a rose-scented sigh at
finally being able to take a breather.
“The parade... was amazing, huh?”
“You’re right. It was probably even more expensive than the one we had
in Metel.”
Reiji agreed with Mizuki there. The parade to celebrate Reiji’s
triumphant return lasted three whole days. Even though the parade they’d
had in Metel to commemorate their departure had been quite grand, this one
had lasted three days. It was grander than grand. Mizuki nonchalantly
reflected on what that meant as she looked out the window with a pensive
gaze.
“I was thinking about it during the parade, but Kurant City is pretty
affluent, huh? But this is all land that man governs...”
“Duke Hadorious is a grand noble who governs over a large amount of
territory, including Kurant City. Considering his authority, assets, and
military power, there is likely no noble within Astel who could be
considered superior to him short of the royal family.”
It was Titania that responded to Mizuki, explaining Hadorious’s
situation in more detail. He governed over a city that prided itself on being
second to the royal capital in terms of size. The power to contend with a
demon general, the assets to hold a lavishly grand parade, and the authority
to carry it out... From what they’d learned of Hadorious in the past few
days, they’d come to learn what he was truly capable of. His severe
personality seemed to make a bit more sense in light of it all.
“But still, even if we all did well, it wasn’t like I was the one who really
did it...”
Rajas had been defeated at the hands of everyone’s power. Reiji knew
taking credit for it all was unmerited.

“Regarding that matter... My apologies. However, for our country,
making it out to be the hero’s achievement is advantageous.”
“Yeah, I get it.”
The reason Hadorious had suggested it in the first place was naturally to
inspire the people and give them reason to think the demons were
weakening. Titania understood that well, which is why she approved of
such a grand parade to celebrate the achievement. Reiji knew all that, but
felt what he’d accomplished himself in reality was insignificant. Snatching
the benefits up like a hyena didn’t sit well with him. Reflecting on all this,
Mizuki spoke up in a sullen tone.
“It’s quite a common story, isn’t it? For someone to use the
achievements of another, or to make use of anything for their own benefit...
It just sounds like something a noble would do. But, like I thought, this
involves politics with the other countries too, doesn’t it?”
“That is precisely the case. And it is exactly for this reason that Duke
Hadorious is someone that you cannot be careless around. After using
Suimei as a decoy, and without even apologizing to his good friend Reiji-
sama, he’d then make use of you as political tools against the Empire... He
even possessed the cunning to hatch a quick plan to keep Princess Graziella
in check.”
Titania paused for a moment and sighed, but then reiterated her warning.
“I will be repeating myself again and again, but do make sure never to
be negligent around him.”
She was supremely wary of the duke. She said it was a combination of
the impressions she’d gotten from her interactions with him, as well as her
intuition. Reiji thought it was because she hated him, and certainly that
played a part in it, but her reasons likely outweighed that. Pondering such
things, Reiji posed the princess a question.
“Hey, Tia, what do you think of using Suimei and the others as a decoy?
Leaving out the fact that you are Suimei’s friend as well as ours. In the end,
as a princess of the Kingdom of Astel...”
“Certainly, my thoughts on the matter are complicated. When
considering the harm a demon army could wreak on the populace, if such
an act was necessary, then it was necessary.”
As though that was the prelude to something greater, Titania suddenly
bowed her head down deeply. The gesture came as a surprise, and both

Reiji and Mizuki raised their voices in bewilderment. What left Titania’s
mouth next was an apology.
“My apologies, Reiji-sama, Mizuki. After hearing of it, I thought that,
objectively speaking, it was the right hand to play.”
“No, it’s fine. In your position, thinking that way is understandable.
Right? Mizuki?”
“Yeah...”
Reiji looked to Mizuki for agreement, but the sad way she averted her
eyes conveyed her uncertainty. Suimei was the first good friend she’d ever
had. It wasn’t like they were lovers, but she thought of him frequently and
cared a great deal for him. Once more looking out the window, her thoughts
turned to him.
“Suimei-kun... In the end, we never found him.”
“It’s alright. It’s Suimei we’re talking about. I’m sure he’s safe.”
“’Cause he’s shrewd?”
“Yeah. Sensei said so too, remember?”
Reiji recalled Felmenia’s words.
“Regarding Suimei-dono, he is surely safe.”
She’d given them that sign of hope before she parted ways with the
group. It seemed that she truly understood their worries.
“I did not believe White Flame-dono’s words to be a mere consolation.
It’s likely she has somehow or other gained insight into the situation in her
own way. It’s not impossible that she caught hold of his tracks herself.”
“Caught hold of his tracks how?”
“That is to say, as one would expect, with magic. White Flame-dono is
known throughout the land as a genius mage who is capable of creating
unprecedented original magic, after all.”
“Ah...”
Hearing Titania say that, Mizuki recalled Felmenia’s reputation as a
court mage. And following after her, Reiji clapped his hands together,
encouraged. Not moments later, a reserved knock and a reserved voice
came from the other side of the door. It was Roffrey.
“Excuse me, Reiji-sama, is now a good time?”
“Roffrey? Yeah, come on in.”
“Pardon my intr... Your Highness! M-My sincerest apologies!”
After opening the door and looking in the room, Roffrey looked

flustered as though he’d entered a place he shouldn’t have. He bowed his
head in a panic. It seemed that he thought that Reiji and Titania were alone
together, and had gotten the wrong idea. Guessing at the misunderstanding,
Titania let out a small sigh and reassured him.
“It’s quite fine. Besides, Mizuki is also here.”
“Huh? Ah, so she is...”
Roffery’s expression went blank. He looked absentminded, or what one
would call vulnerable on the battlefield. Considering the previous tension in
the room, it was unexpectedly refreshing. Mizuki turned to him with a
smirk.
“Heeey, Roffrey-san, just what kinda stuff were you thinking about, I
wonder?”
“What?! N-No! I was not particularly thinking of anything strange!”
“I never said a word about anything strange, though...”
“I... wuh, I, uh, uh, uh...”
Realizing he was tripping all over himself, Roffrey could only panic as
he moved about in a fluster. Taking pity on him, Reiji called out to Mizuki.
She then smiled as if to say she’d only been kidding, and relented. It didn’t
need to be said that she looked rather impishly pleased with herself.
Assuming that Roffrey had come by for a reason, Reiji then moved to get
down to business.
“So, Roffrey, what’s going on?”
“I came to inform you that a messenger has arrived from Duke
Hadorious.”
★
Having suddenly received an invitation from Hadorious, Reiji followed
the messenger who was waiting in front of the inn, and was escorted to the
duke’s estate. And now, with quite a stiff expression on his face, he stood in
front of Hadorious’s private room.
Reiji could hear the sound of a musical instrument. It was likely a
performer playing music somewhere in the mansion. It resounded through
the walls and the air, and the softly muffled melody calmed his heart with
its gentleness. Listening to it, Reiji once more readied himself for his
audience with the owner of the room in front of him.

Before leaving the inn, Titania had warned him to be careful, and
Mizuki had expressed her concern. The other party was Hadorious, after all.
They had also said that Reiji didn’t have to respond to the duke’s invitation,
but Reiji had his own thoughts on the matter.
Indeed, he knew that there was some ulterior motive behind this
meeting. Just as Titania said, he was a man that couldn’t be fully trusted. He
had no real evidence to think that the duke was up to something, yet he had
an unshakable premonition of it. From now on, it was very likely that he
would confront Hadorious many times over. Thus, Reiji couldn’t just say
that he didn’t want to meet him. After all, it would be better for him to
probe the disposition of the man named Lucas de Hadorious at an earlier
stage than a later one.
And to that end, Reiji once more steeled his resolve and knocked on the
door. Following Hadorious’s voice asking who was knocking, Reiji
identified himself. The duke curtly told him to enter.
Reiji politely announced himself as he opened the door, and a space like
a luxuriously laid out parlor spread out before his eyes. Taking a step
forward into the room, he offered a brief greeting, and then began a
businesslike exchange with Hadorious, who was seated elegantly upon the
couch.
“Hero-dono, are you not going to sit?”
“In my country, it’s customary for a guest to take a seat only after it is
encouraged by the owner of the room, so I am somewhat hesitant to do so
of my own accord, you see.”
Reiji replied with a slightly sharp tone, and he couldn’t really tell
whether Hadorious minded or not. The duke then offered a bit of admiration
for his manners.
“My... The country that Hero-dono is from honors etiquette quite
considerably, I see. Then, must I also encourage you in this regard?”
Following Hadorious’s gaze, Reiji spied a glass on top of the table with
liquid in it a similar tint to his own reddish hair.
“Is this wine?”
“Yes, a sweetened one. The taste isn’t bad.”
Even so...
“I appreciate the consideration, but...”
“Does Hero-dono not drink wine?”

“In the country I am from, it’s forbidden for people my age who haven’t
reached adulthood yet to partake of alcohol... Anything with spirits or wine
in it, so I will have to refrain here.”
Reiji gave a taciturn reply, but Hadorious took a sip from the glass and
questioned him further.
“Hmph, so why is there that sort of law?”
“Until humans exceed roughly twenty years in age, their capability of
digesting wine and spirits is rather low. Such drinks have a negative effect
on the body itself, especially in regards to those who have yet to reach
adulthood, so it is prohibited by the country.”
As he explained it, Hadorious shifted his gaze over to the contents of the
glass.
“Even this drink we call the blood of the Goddess, hmm? Moreover, for
it to be prohibited by law... That is quite the strict decision, but... No, is it to
strive to nurture talented people?”
Hadorious admiringly muttered to no one in particular, and it looked as
though he had completely forgotten that Reiji was even there. Was he that
deep in thought? Seeing that Hadorious wasn’t moving in the least, Reiji
asked him a frank question.
“So, why did you call me here today?”
“It is nothing major. I just wanted to talk with the hero a little is all.”
“This isn’t quite the atmosphere of an enjoyable conversation, however.”
“Hmph, excuse me for that.”
Just what was there to excuse? He was shameless. Ever since Reiji
entered the room, the interior was filled to the brim with a tingling
atmospheric static. And when Reiji coldly pointed that out, as if saying he
was testing Reiji, Hadorious gave him a condescending smile and a brief
apology that didn’t feel the slightest bit sincere.
Reiji could sense a surplus of composure in the odds and ends of all
Hadorious’s actions. He was a force to be reckoned with. It was as if he was
saying he personally believed there was no reason to treat Reiji, the hero, in
any special manner. His plain gaze was concealing a glare, and after
scrutinizing every action Reiji made, he squinted as if taking pity on the
contents of his glass and posed Reiji a question.
“Hero-dono, why did you take on the subjugation of the Demon Lord?”
“To save the people of this world, but what of it?”

The reply Reiji gave was the same as what he’d said in the audience
chamber to Almadious. That hadn’t changed. However, as for Hadorious...
“The ones that you are trying to save are people with no relation to you
whatsoever, are they not? People you would reap no benefit from saving.
But even so, you’re saying you intend to do exactly that?”
“What exactly are you getting at, Your Grace?”
“Nothing major. I was just wondering what the source of Hero-dono’s
lofty way of thinking is.”
“...?”
Just what was this man looking for within Reiji by asking him that? His
question was incomprehensible, and Reiji was unable to surmise the
meaning behind the almost pitying gaze pointed at him. If it had been the
sharp, ambitious gaze of a falcon, then it would have been evident he was
looking for a weakness in Reiji. But no, Hadorious was speaking of ideals
and goals. What was the meaning of him prying into Reiji’s way of
thinking?
As Reiji looked at him with a perplexed gaze, Hadorious suddenly let
out a dry laugh as though he thought his own question had been
uninteresting.
“Well, fine. Let me ask you once more: what kind of place is the world
the hero hails from?”
“By ‘what kind,’ you mean...?”
“Let me see... Compare it to this world, for example. That’s what I’d like
to hear.”
Was it alright to just compare the two worlds like that? Reiji
remembered having a similar conversation in the royal castle with
Almadious and the others, but...
“Compared to this world, technology in our world has advanced much
further. This world may have magic, but in our world, you might say that
technology has developed beyond the point that such a thing is
unnecessary.”
“Advancement, development... Is that it? What you said before about
wine... is it also to those ends?”
“Yes.”
Reiji replied honestly, and when he did, Hadorious suddenly stood up
and looked towards the window. He paused for a moment, and then spoke

again as he gazed outside.
“Hero-dono, what do you think of this world?”
“If I were to compare it to our world, there would be no end to it, but I
do believe this is a good world.”
“A good world, is it...?”
What came out of Hadorious’s mouth was a somehow discouraged
murmur. Reiji was uncertain what reason he had to ask such a question and
what he was thinking, but Hadorious only continued in his line of
questioning.
“Hero-dono, what is outside this window?”
Was this to urge him over to take a look? Reiji drew a little closer and
looked at the view from the third floor. He could see the streets and the city
going about its everyday business. The scene engulfed by twilight, he could
see the lamps sparsely laid out in Kurant City begin to flicker, along with
the houses and people they illuminated. In the distance, he could also see
the shining blue and green lamps characteristic of the recreational district.
“What about it?”
“This world you see has not changed at all in the last several hundred
years. Everyone sleeps and wakes up at a determined time, they do their
jobs, find love, bear children, and then die. Such a cycle continues when
there is no desire for development, and even as countries rise and fall from
conflict and diplomacy, the root consciousness of the people remains the
same. They’re stopped, never to advance.”
But that was all a preamble. Hadorious then made a cold declaration.
“This has always been the Goddess’s miniature garden.”
Was it a statement of sadness? Grief? It was certainly true a world’s
development of civilization and culture was the onus of the people who
lived there. It may be something that any and all desire, but forcing its
development was also wrong. At least, that’s what Reiji thought.
“For you who come from a developed world, do you still think that it’s
something good?”
“If the people can walk in peace, is that not its own way of life?
Unreasonable change also brings about conflict, and even over in our world,
the conflict between fellow humans is inextinguishable.”
“...”
Hadorious kept silent. Reiji himself fell into thought, and Hadorious

finally spoke once more.
“Though it is sudden, I would like to have you go to the Empire from
here.”
“What...?”
“The Empire—mainly Her Imperial Highness Graziella—has been
making bold movements. I would like you to keep that in check, and have
you reside in the Empire for a brief period.”
Hadorious made his desire known in no uncertain terms. The way he
spoke left no room for consent or refusal. It was a definite statement with
no regard for how Reiji felt.
“Is that demand something that I have to listen to no matter what, I
wonder?”
“Of course.”
“However, I have no obligation to do so. The foremost thing I’m to be
handling is the subjugation of the Demon Lord Nakshatra.”
“Certainly so. However, Hero-dono, let me ask you something... Did
you by chance come rushing over because Gregory talked?”
The moment he finished firing off those words, the intensity of the
atmosphere filling the room changed with an audible snap. Of course, that
was because Reiji’s own emotions went through the roof.
“Is that... a threat?”
“Hmph. If you want to think of it that way, I do not mind. However, it is
not like Gregory violated any military regulations or anything. Naturally,
there is no way to judge him accordingly. Thus, your suspicions are nothing
other than just that.”
“Tch! Are you really gonna say something like that after using my friend
as a decoy?!”
“That was nothing but casting aside the very few to save the many. It is
nothing major. You can just wait regarding news of your good friend. Our
investigations are progressing, after all. Whether or not he is alive, we will
eventually track him down. However, there are no reports as of yet.”
With that, Hadorious scoffed as if to say the affair was but a worthless
trifle.
“Though I doubt he is alive.”
“How dare you say that so shamelessly...”
Reiji’s anger had surpassed its boiling point, and even with the full

extent of that directed at him, Hadorious replied bluntly.
“What? All I did was speak of the possibility.”
“Don’t you at least feel any guilt towards Suimei?”
“If I said I did, would you feel gratified?”
“Tch!”
He couldn’t forgive that sarcastic question. Clenching his jaw so hard
his teeth creaked, Reiji glared at Hadorious as he let loose his wrath. He
hadn’t forgotten his place and was well aware he was being rude. It was just
that his anger won out over that. But even then, Hadorious spoke with an air
about him like he didn’t care at all.
“Suimei Yakagi, was it? He was simply unlucky. It’s just embarrassing
for you to get so angry with me over it.”
“You fu—!”
Reiji couldn’t stop at only throwing his anger out through his gaze, and
channeled it into his fist. He closed in from where he was being kept in
check and let a blow fly. He thought briefly just what kind of worries he’d
have if he struck Hadorious, but it wasn’t anything that would stop him
now. Reiji’s strike, however, was stopped by Hadorious with a single hand.
“Wha...?”
“Hmph...”
As if this was boring, Hadorious turned his gaze on Reiji.
This man...
Reiji wasn’t using his full strength. But even so, in this state where his
power was explosively elevated by the divine protection of the hero
summoning, for his lightning fast blow to be completely blocked without
the opponent even batting an eye was unexpected. Reiji shook his captured
fist violently to the side and jumped back. And with an expression like he’d
reached some sort of conclusion, Hadorious once more faced the window.
“You still require diligence, I see. At this rate, the Demon Lord is far out
of your reach. There is likely a need for you to accumulate all kinds of
experience and become stronger. By the way, about the matter in the
Empire...”
Reiji had no choice in the matter. If he didn’t go, Hadorious was
implying that something would happen to Gregory.
“...I’ll go. So don’t lay a hand on Gregory or his family. Also, about
Suimei...”

“I promise you that we will put our effort into the search. From the looks
of it, your friend might actually be worth something after all.”
“You’re...”
Still saying crap like that?
Though that was what Reiji wanted to say, he knew his arm was being
twisted and there was nothing he could do about it. It was frustrating, but
turning on his heels and silently leaving the room was the most he could do
to oppose Hadorious. And just as he grabbed the knob of the door...
“Hero-dono, there is one thing that I must tell you.”
“...What is it?”
“From now on, you will likely face off against many enemies, be they
humans or other races.”
Just why was he saying that? It couldn’t be...
“Are you trying to say that what I asked Rajas was foolish?”
“No, that was honestly a relief.”
“What...?”
Hadorious’s reply was completely out of the range of Reiji’s
expectations. He thought he was about to be presented with candid advice
in the form of a scolding about asking a demon why he fought.
“Hero-dono, this is a different place from the world you came from. It is
good to think for yourself about what is here, and have that reflect in your
actions. However, when it comes to fighting demons, there is no right and
wrong.”
“What do you mean?”
“It means they are simply that kind of being. They do not assault
humans and the other races for anything resembling a reason. Their very
existence itself is to fulfill the purpose of a grander existence, to bring all
humanity to ruin.”
“The purpose of a grander existence? Just what...”
“There is no need for you to know that as you are now. Thus, there is no
meaning to that question you asked.”
And with that, Hadorious brought what he said to a close. Was that a
warning, or was he remonstrating Reiji? Reiji couldn’t tell in the end.
“...Are you done yet?”
“Let us see, then just one more thing.”
Just what intention did he have to pile on more words here? While

gazing out the window, he fired out one more question while his expression
could not be seen.
“Hero-dono, at the end of this fighting, after everything is brought to an
end, what do you wish for?”
“Nothing really. I don’t need anything.”
“Status, honor, riches, women... You could have all your desires fulfilled
to your heart’s content, you know?”
“Cut the crap. I don’t know what kind of intentions you have in asking
me that, but I’m not fighting for any reason like that.”
“I see. Then that is the end of my questions. Until you depart for the
Empire, though it will be but for a short while, do get some rest.”
Without showing any courtesy to Hadorious, who was still facing the
window, Reiji left the room and headed back to the inn.
“The summoned hero, is it...?”
Hadorious watched Reiji walk along the street from the window with a
somewhat sorrowful gaze, and then looked up at the sky. Gazing up at the
melancholic expanse blackened by twilight, Hadorious posed a question to
the hero who was no longer present.
“Hero Reiji, what do you really think of this world? Can you truly say
that it’s good? This world where, because of the Goddess, all progress has
stopped? This rotten world without a future...”
★
The library... just wasn’t there.
In the imperial capital of Filas Philia, there was a scrupulously
controlled standing army that only moved under the command of the
emperor. It was considered the height of military art, both in and outside of
the Empire. Ordinarily, hearing a metropolis had a large standing army
made the place sound rather boorish, but that was not the case with Filas
Philia. It was a refined, scholarly city also known for its academics. It even
boasted of a grand library superior to the other nations’. It was said to have
a collection of books dating back to the founding of the nation, making it
the ideal place to do a little research.
Suimei asked about it before leaving his house... But no matter how
much he searched the city, he was absolutely unable to find any building

like it. At this rate, it might as well have been said that he never would.
“Huh...?”
It wasn’t like Suimei had no sense of direction. It was true that he’d
gotten lost in Royal Castle Camellia back in Astel once, but this was
different. The layout of the city known as Filas Philia was difficult to figure
out. The main roads weren’t a problem, but once he came to the branching
side streets, no matter how far or where he walked, there were nothing but
residential houses. And thanks to the labyrinthine arrangement of the
streets, he would always end up somewhere strange where there was no
option but to turn back. It was a difficult maze to escape.
Suddenly coming to a stop, Suimei looked around. To his side was a
recreational district that seemed to go on forever. And ahead of him was a
residential one mostly built of vivid red bricks. What was he to do? At this
rate, he’d never be able to gather information on the hero summoning.
He’d finally gotten his place set up and ready to analyze the summoning
circle, but now he had this predicament to contend with. Just as he was
about to cast aside his strange sense of pride and use magicka to do
something about it...
“You’re... in the way. Kindly... step aside already.”
That familiar, charming voice. Those signature, quirky pauses. The flat
tone unable to conceal the thorns of irritation in her words. Hearing it,
Suimei immediately turned around. Behind him stood a girl with reddish
violet twintails and an eyepatch with an elaborate ornament on it. She was
wearing eccentric gothic Lolita getup despite this being a different world.
Just as he thought, she was someone he remembered. Or rather, someone
there was no way he could forget.
Indeed, this was no doubt the girl from the checkpoint, Liliana Zandyke.
However, it seemed she was not on her own this time. In front of her stood
two men in reddish brown robes with hoods. From what Suimei could see
and hear, they didn’t appear to be having a friendly conversation. The two
men in robes spoke to Liliana as if they were admonishing an unreasonable
child.
“All you have to do is relay to that father of yours what we just told
you.”
“You’re... getting annoying. I am not... in a position to interject... in
regards to the colonel’s affairs.”

“Surely you can manage it somehow. I’m just trying to express my
desire for him to be obedient.”
“Please. Don’t make me... repeat myself.”
The robed man was politely making some kind of request. Liliana was
treating the whole thing like it was absurd, but the man showed no signs of
backing down. That was when the second robed man stepped in.
“Even though we’re asking so earnestly, you’re saying you won’t
listen?”
“That’s right. That’s why—”
“Looks like we don’t have a choice then. We’ll just hafta change your
mind... by force.”
The two men in robes manifested mana around them, rattled off cliché
threats, and took out staffs about the length of their arms. In response,
without a hint of fear or surprise, Liliana simply narrowed her single eye at
them.
“Knowing that I am... one of the Elite Twelve... you’d still dare... try
something like this?”
“Ha! The Empire’s human weapon? Those are all just exaggerated
rumors! In the end, you’re just some damn brat!”
“If you will not listen to our request, then there’s no other way. At best,
you’ll be clinging to your father in tears.”
Suimei didn’t know the circumstances, but it seemed trouble was about
to break out right in front of him. Frankly speaking, it looked like good-for-
nothing adults picking on a young girl. Though considering Liliana’s
position in the army, that wasn’t quite a fair assessment.
But she is just a kid...
After seeing this much, it would leave a bad taste in Suimei’s mouth if
he just walked away. He didn’t have any obligation to lend her a hand, but
he also had no reason to look the other way. Walking up to them
conspicuously, Suimei called out to the group in a listless voice.
“Aaah, sorry to butt in while you’re in the middle of things here.”
“The hell’s with you?”
“You are...”
The three of them turned towards Suimei all at once. Each wore a
different expression. There was the twisted sneer of a hoodlum, a blank
stare of puzzlement, and a surprised look of recognition.

“Picking on a little girl in this kinda place... You guys sure have a nice
hobby there.”
“The hell? You got nothing to do with this! Butt out!”
“I can’t exactly do that. I just happen to be present in this scene of your
little play, you see.”
“And what ‘scene’ is that?”
“Looks like adults picking on a child to me.”
“Take it how you will, but will you still dare to interfere even after
seeing these robes?”
“What? Is there something special about your ugly robes?”
The more polite of the two men had said that like Suimei should be
intimidated by the way they were dressed, but whatever meaning it had was
lost on Suimei. As he replied to the man’s boastful question with ridicule,
his courteous tone changed to irritation in an instant.
“Y-You country bumpkin who knows naught of the special robe granted
only to high-ranking members of the guild...”
As he fumed, Liliana called out to Suimei in a wary voice.
“What... are you planning?”
“Hmm? I was just passing by and caught wind of something weird going
on, that’s all.”
“So you... stuck your neck in? This has... absolutely nothing... to do with
you.”
And like that, Liliana spurned him. She treated him like a meddlesome
nuisance, but it seemed clear that she simply didn’t want him involved. This
caught the attention of the rude robed man.
“What? He someone you know?”
“No, not re—”
“Yeah, we met not too long ago and have gotten pretty close.”
“What are you—?!”
Liliana grew angry at Suimei’s shameless, barefaced lie. Without letting
her see, he playfully stuck out his tongue. She’d probably meant to extricate
him from the situation as an uninvolved bystander, but Suimei had already
made up his mind. He was completely intent on butting in.
“I see, so you aren’t unrelated at all...”
“Then I guess we’ll hafta use a little force on you too.”
With that, the two men began building up their mana again. The polite

one stuck out his staff in what Suimei assumed was a battle stance. While
dejectedly grumbling to himself that the streets of the imperial capital may
have been more dangerous than he thought they would be, Suimei looked
away from his two opponents. He could see Liliana focus her attention on
him in exasperation.
“Are you... stupid? If you had just... pretended not to know me... they
would have treated you like you were uninvolved. Actually, you are
uninvolved... Truly stupid.”
“Stupid? That’s mean, you know? If I just abandoned a little girl and
went my way, my dreams would haunt me, and I’m not interested in that.
But I have to ask... Just what is going on here?”
“It doesn’t have... anything to do with you... in the least. Stand aside.
These are high-ranking masters... of the Empire’s Mage’s Guild.”
“Yeah, I’ll pass, thanks.”
And as Suimei rejected Liliana’s order...
“You think you got the leisure to just chit-chat?”
With a scornful smile, the rude robed man wove together a spell. His
welling mana vanished as if called somewhere, and the parts of the spell
rapidly came together. With the invocation of the Elements quickly
completed, what followed was the chant.
“Oh Fire! Red Blaze!”
The chant was so short that it was essentially just the keywords. A
moment later, pillars of fire took form, and as the rude man swung his arms
down, the flames matched his movements. With that, it seemed the molding
of the flames had been completed, and the flames—which had taken on the
shape of swords—swung down towards Liliana. He was attacking from her
right side. For Liliana, who wore an eyepatch, that was her blind spot.
However, Liliana dodged the first sword by a small margin. It stuck into
the ground instead, flinging fragments of flame off in several directions.
This sequence of attacking and dodging repeated itself several times, and
the area filled with embers and the smell of burning. Perhaps having been
grazed by a sword of flame, part of Liliana’s outfit was singed.
“Heh, you don’t live up to your name at all, human weapon. Looks like
I’ve got you on the run. Haha, just like I thought, all your fucking
achievements are just lies, aren’t they?”
“Tales of valor on the battlefield are just tales in the end. That a child

like you played an active role on the battlefield is likely nothing more than
such a tale fabricated by Colonel Rogue to elevate his own standing.”
Apparently taking the fact that she didn’t strike back as a sign of
weakness, the men threw disdainful words and accusations at Liliana.
Hearing it, Liliana’s presence wavered for a single instant and then turned
dark and dangerous. But the men didn’t seem to notice. She then called out
to them in an irked tone.
“To get so conceited... over aiming for my blind spot... and only... being
able to graze me...”
With those words, the men finally felt the pressure coming from Liliana.
Was that what she’d intended? Suimei had been on the receiving end of that
pressure before, but this wasn’t as serious as it had been at the checkpoint.
Was she planning on taking the upper hand here by packing the area with
her mana? In a fight between magicians, the range at which one could
control their mana was a big deal. If one could control their mana far
enough, it was possible to obstruct the opponent’s activation of magicka,
after all.
“From this kind of shit...”
The rude man finally managed to utter a single curse. Wincing, the
polite man beside him began chanting a spell.
“Urgh... Do not underestimate me! Oh wind, thou art...”
Wind magic. It was likely that he was completely ignoring Suimei the
passerby and aiming for Liliana. With that prediction, Suimei gathered
mana in his index finger and manipulated the phenomena in their
surroundings.
“That fire over there... I’m just gonna borrow it for a little.”
Speaking in a casual manner like he was borrowing an eraser from a
fellow classmate, Suimei gathered the surplus flames that had scattered
about the area at the center of the magicka circle he summoned in front of
his finger. Even though the flames weren’t Suimei’s doing, they quickly
gathered before him as if he were their master and converged into a
pronounced red ball of fire.
“Wha... Ah! M-My flame!”
The rude man’s heart sank at this sudden shocking development. Glaring
at Suimei, he demanded an explanation in a surprised tone.
“Th-The hell did you do?!”

“Don’t worry. Like I said, I’m just borrowing them.”
“There’s no way you can...”
Do that kinda crap?
While guessing what the man with the crude tone was about to say,
Suimei rolled his eyes.
“You people... No matter what, you deny the mysteries right before your
fucking eyes. Shouldn’t you at least take half a second to think about it
first?”
“The hell are you babbling about?! Tell me what the hell you did!”
“For the last time, damn it, I told you I’m borrowing them. Either thin
out the spell or put in a little more minute control, though. If you don’t,
there’ll be too much waste and it’ll have a shitty effect.”
As Suimei spat out those words, the polite man once more began
weaving together his interrupted spell.
“Oh Wind, thou art—”
“Fly.”
Before he could finish, Suimei shot out the gathered flames to keep him
in check. It was no surprise that the polite man’s wind was like a gentle
breeze before Suimei’s roaring fire. The air was sucked into the magickally
charged flames, consuming the wind spell altogether.
When it did, Suimei took action without a moment’s pause. Putting his
middle finger and thumb together, he used them as a substitute for the iron
sights of a firearm, and looked right through them at the arm of the polite
man. With a snap, an exciting boom rang out. The man’s staff was
splintered to pieces by the explosion. And with his arm sent reeling back, he
was wide open.
“He vani—”
The moment Suimei disappeared, the man shouted out in surprise.
Suimei—who had only transformed into vapor—moved over to him in the
blink of an eye, and manifested in a stance ready to deliver a strike to his
solar plexus.
The hand he thrust out had already donned the gloves of discord. And as
he poured mana into it, the magickal item’s effect activated. His opponent
felt it. The signals from the bundle of nerves located deep within the body,
the nerve plexus, was scrambled, sending pain screaming through each and
every one of his nerves.

But the man himself made no noise. He had no time. He collapsed
almost instantaneously from the shock and fell to the ground, eyes open and
everything. Suimei then looked over to see the rude man, seemingly
crushed by overpowering mana, collapsed in front of Liliana and frothing at
the mouth. Verifying that everything was in order, Liliana had a single thing
to say.
“Let’s... change locations.”
★
Leaving the men where they were, Suimei and Liliana walked off like
they hadn’t had anything to do with what just happened. Reaching a place
slightly removed from the upper class district, the two of them came to a
stop where the bricks of the road had turned gray. Dusting off her skirt,
Liliana spoke in a thorny voice like she was reluctant to even do that much.
“Seriously... This is the very definition... of unwanted meddling.”
Ignoring her irritated words, Suimei began questioning her.
“So, who were those guys?”
“It has... nothing to do... with you.”
“True.”
After being flatly denied an answer, Suimei was willing to drop it there.
“And... what were you doing there... exactly?”
“I told you I just happened to be passing by. If I remember right...
Liliana, was it?”
“I do not recall... naming myself. Why do you... know my name?”
“Hmm? That’s ’cause...”
“I see... You’re one of those people... that the military police... have been
rounding up a lot lately... A despicable stalker... Then you must have been
here today to...”
“No, damn it. I heard it from that clerk at the checkpoint. Why am I a
stalker all of a sudden?”
“I know. It was just... a little joke. There’s no way... you could stalk me.”
“You little...”
Speaking in a flat, confident tone, she closed her eye. Seeing Liliana
naturally act so cool with an aloof expression on her face, Suimei’s
shoulders drooped like he was tired. It was hard to tell when she was

joking.
As Suimei let out a troubled sigh over Liliana’s attitude, a sudden
change came over the area. The mana in their surroundings welled up, and
something like a tingling poison or acid filled the air. It was different from
the pressure she’d unleashed earlier, and more like what she’d used at the
checkpoint.
“It’s about time... that you answer me. What have you... come here to
do?”
Liliana questioned Suimei as she narrowed her sleepy eye. The backdrop
of the townscape suddenly looked like it was in a heat haze to Suimei. It
was as if they were standing atop burning hot asphalt. And when he didn’t
respond, Liliana’s mana swelled even more, completely blurring their
surroundings.
It was an interrogation using intimidation to force him to talk. But
Suimei flashed a fearless smile as if that only riled him up. He shrugged his
shoulders and replied to her in a frivolous tone.
“What’s that? Are foreigners not allowed to go for walks? I went
through all the proper channels to live in this country, you know?”
“We’re very close... to the upper class district. If you loiter around...
without any business here... of course you look suspicious... Now answer
me.”
“Those guys just now looked way more suspicious than I do, though.”
Liliana no longer cared about what Suimei did or didn’t want to tell her.
If he remembered right, she was a second lieutenant. As a soldier, this type
of questioning was likely part of her regular duties. Suimei was largely
unconvinced by all this, but he decided to capitulate for now. He didn’t
really have a need to be obstinate about it, so in a complete change from his
previously frivolous attitude, he answered her honestly.
“I’m looking for the library. That big one this place is so famous for.”
“The... Imperial University Library?”
“There’s a little something I want to look into. Look, it should be
here...”
Suimei showed Liliana the hand-drawn map he’d gotten from Jillbert.
“Why are you acting... like you’re going to have me explain it? Don’t
act... so familiar.”
“It’s not a big deal, right? Just tell me. I’ll buy you some sweets if you

do.”
“No thank you. Please don’t treat me... like a child. Also... your map is
wrong.”
“Huh...”
Despite sounding like she had no intention to help him, she pointed that
much out to him. It seemed she was at least a little nice underneath it all.
But what was wrong about it? Suimei frowned, and Liliana looked over the
map once more.
“Yes... It’s quite wrong.”
“...That damn legal delinquent loli. Fucking lying to me...”
The head of the ward for the district Suimei lived in was Jillbert Griga.
She seemed to get along with Lefille. Whenever she had time, she would
come to their house to play with her, though she was always quite rude to
Suimei. But when he’d mentioned he was going to the library earlier today,
she offered to draw him a map and eagerly got to work. It appeared this
little trick was what she’d really been up to. Jillbert came off as quite frank
and upfront, but after opening the lid and looking inside, it seemed she was
a bit twisted.
“Four of the streets... are wrong.”
“Seriously?”
After Liliana informed him of such, Suimei could only sigh and curse
Jillbert in his head.
“Umm, sooo, how do I get there from here?”
“As I said... don’t just—”
“Okay, okay. I’ll throw in three more sweets. That should do it, right?”
“Why are you... trying to tempt me... with sweets?”
“Do you not like sweets? Would toys or something be better?”
“Y-You’re seriously...”
Realizing that Suimei wasn’t listening to her at all, Liliana began
trembling slightly. Perhaps sensing her anger was useless, however, she let
out a deliberately loud sigh as if announcing Suimei’s victory in twisting
her arm.
“Fine... I’ll guide you... so please follow me.”
“Sorry ’bout that. I’ll buy you some sweets though, so take that as an
apology.”
“I don’t want any. And when we’re done here... get away from me...

immediately.”
★
From there, Suimei followed Liliana down the road. She looked behind
her every now and then, and made small talk with him as they walked
along. She was a girl with a curt attitude and a dangerous air about her,
but...
“One way or another, she’s kind, huh?”
“Did you say something?”
“Nope, nothing... So, Liliana, what were you doing in that kinda place?
It wasn’t like you went there to pick a fight, right?”
“Patrol.”
As she guided him to the library—though he couldn’t tell if she was
happy about doing so or not—Suimei took the opportunity to interrogate
her. She gave a terse answer, which Suimei immediately called into
question.
“You’re quite passionate about work, huh? But isn’t that kinda thing the
job of the military police?”
“I’m surprised... you know that. That is... certainly the case. However...
lately there has been an incident... kicking up a fuss in the imperial capital...
so they are shorthanded.”
“Ah, if I recall, something about people ending up in a coma, right?”
“That’s right. If you don’t want to get involved too... make sure not to
walk around on your own... in that kind of place.”
When she said that, Suimei tried tossing out a theory he’d concocted on
the spot.
“Which means... the incidents have been happening around the upper
class district, huh?”
“...”
“What? Not gonna answer me?”
She didn’t. She kept silent and kept walking. Did she have a reason to be
apprehensive about this subject? Even though she’d been turning to look
back at him frequently up until now, she stopped doing so and just looked
forward. Surely his random guesswork hadn’t hit the nail on the head... had
it? As Suimei was wondering how bad it was to stab a bullseye in the dark

like that in front of someone who knew about the investigation and trying to
think of ways to smooth it over, Liliana threw him a bit of a curveball.
“...I have something I want to ask.”
“What is it?”
“Are you not... scared of me?”
She had her head turned ever so slightly towards him now, and was
looking at him with her trademark stare.
“Huh? Ah... Not really? But why are you asking about that all of a
sudden?”
“You... keep starting conversations with me... even though I threatened
you. Other people... would just freeze in fear... or, like the people from
before, fight back. So... why is that?”
“Like I’d get the jitters from just a little pressure like that. Besides,
you’re younger than me, right? Like hell I’d embarrass myself like that.”
If someone was endowed with great mana, their ability to dominate an
area was equally powerful. And when a mage dominates an area, all within
it becomes a target. Being under the effects of such domination can have an
effect on the psyche. So when a mage wants to overwhelm an opponent,
filling the area with their mana was the most efficient method of doing so.
But if Suimei cowered every time someone tried that on him, he’d never get
anything done. Liliana’s mana was certainly quite powerful, but Suimei was
no ordinary mage.
“...Is that so? You are... unusual.”
Liliana faced forward again in a huff. It was certainly true that there
were those who found her appearance foreboding. Her title as a soldier was
also something that invited the nervousness in the general populace.
Considering how she presented herself, it was no wonder people shied away
from her.
“So you’re aware that you give off a prickly aura, huh?”
“Well, to an extent. However... I was taught by my direct superior... that
such a thing... is necessary for a soldier. Since I possess techniques for
combat... I have to be a symbol of fear... he said.”
Suimei let out a sigh. Averting his gaze from her, he looked up at the sky
and gave an exasperated reply.
“Liar.”
“...”

“Isn’t that right? The reason you pressure your surroundings isn’t to
overwhelm your enemies, it’s to protect yourself. It’s a way of keeping
vigilant. Am I wrong?”
“Why... do you think that?”
“You keep your distance with no reason, and react to even the most
trivial change in your surroundings. In both what you say and do. Just like
at the checkpoint, you jump to trying to dominate other people... Other than
that, call it a hunch.”
“...”
“You’re trying not to let others close to you, but in the end, it’s like a
dog barking at people. So why do you unleash that murderous intent on
people? I mean, I get those guys from earlier, but it’s not like you’ve only
got enemies around you, right?”
As he asked Liliana that, they turned a corner and came across an
overblown store that had a signboard out front with a slogan on it meant to
stimulate the appetite of passersby. There were children nearby playing
around with a ball. They stopped, however, and turned towards Suimei and
Liliana like herbivores sensing a predator. They then scattered and ran in all
directions. Liliana tossed a glance at Suimei.
“I don’t need... to say it, do I? If there’s anything else to say... it’s that
I’m a soldier... and that you’re a citizen. There is nothing more... and
nothing less than that.”
“I thought it’d be easier if you just acted normally, but... It’s none of my
business, huh? Sorry.”
Suimei apologized for butting in too much into her personal matters.
Liliana then quietly muttered a single word.
“...Name.”
“Hmm?”
“Your name. I don’t know... what your name is. It’s unfair for only you
to know my name... so inform me promptly.”
Suimei thought back on it and realized she was right. He’d never told
her.
“It’s Suimei Yakagi.”
“Shiumay Hakagee.”
“...”
“...What is it, Shiumay?”

“No, no. Suimei Yakagi.”
“Shu... S... Suimei Yakagi. Like that?”
Suimei nodded. She at least got the pronunciation right. As Suimei
expected, she then offered a comment about how unusual his name was, and
he could only smile wryly in response. After Suimei finally introduced
himself, a man wearing a military uniform appeared from around the street
corner. With black, swept-back hair dotted with gray strands, he looked to
be in the true prime of his manhood. He had a sword at his waist, and his
sharp uniform had not a single wrinkle on it.
Suimei recognized this man. He’d passed by him on his way out of the
church, and Lefille had judged him to be quite strong. When Liliana’s eye
fell on him, as if her body was bound by strings of tension, she stiffened up
with a snap. Was he someone she knew? When the man’s gaze fell on
Liliana, his stern brow wrinkled slightly, and he walked right up to her.
“Liliana. What are you doing here?”
“Colonel...”
Suimei’s prediction was right on the mark. When Liliana responded, she
sounded somewhat surprised. She was so tense, in fact, that she couldn’t
even get out the rest of her reply.
“Answer me, Liliana.”
“I-I have been investigating... the matter from before... in this area.”
“The matter from before? You needn’t bother. That’s something other
people can handle.”
“But still...”
“All you have to do is listen to what I have to say. Refrain from anything
unnecessary aside from your military duties, and just be obedient.”
“...Yes.”
A sharp gaze pierced through Liliana, and the man she’d called
“Colonel” doled out strict words. In response to his high-handed manner of
speaking like he was rebuking her, Liliana’s shoulders strikingly drooped.
Her crestfallen expression conveyed the pain she felt at having incurred this
man’s displeasure. However, the man’s words and tone were certainly—
“And you are? Why are you together with Liliana?”
“Huh? Oh, I was having her guide me to the Imperial University
Library. I can’t seem to get my bearings around here, so I got a bit lost and
asked her for help.”

“I...”
“Are you not from the imperial capital?”
“I only recently arrived here.”
After Suimei’s brief reply, the man scrutinized him from head to toe and
then closed his eyes. Was he trying to identify something suspicious or
threatening in him? Perhaps having realized there was nothing of the sort,
he let out a breath as if laughing at himself. He then spoke again in his ever-
calm voice.
“I see. In the current state of affairs, I cannot say that public order in the
imperial capital is good right now. This also applies when going to places
you’re unfamiliar with, but do be sure not to walk around too much at night
on your own.”
“Thank you kindly for the advice. I appreciate it.”
“Also, to reach the Imperial University Library, go straight down this
path, turn left when you come to the end of the street, and you should see it
from there.”
He was telling Suimei to go on his own from here. In response to the
calm, authoritative man, Suimei bowed his head and thanked him once
more like he was a teacher. The man then turned to Liliana and uttered a
simple, two-word command.
“Let’s go.”
“Yes.”
She obediently followed behind the man. As if emulating him, she
turned her back to Suimei at the same time he did. They took a narrow road,
and their two figures vanished within the shadows. Their presence
eventually also vanished like dissipating smoke.
“Crap, I missed my chance to get the sweets...”
Suimei realized that after standing there for a while. However, since they
both lived in the imperial capital now, there was a good chance they’d run
into each other again sometime. Though she wasn’t there to hear it, he
promised he’d repay the debt when he got a chance.
Liliana used the word “investigation” when she was talking to the
colonel. It seemed she wasn’t actually on patrol after all. He had other
question about their exchange, but in the end, it had nothing to do with him.
“Well, whatever. I suppose I’ll be about my business as well...”

★
“That ate up a good bit of time, huh?”
After finishing his preliminary research at the Imperial University
Library and walking back outside, Suimei rotated his stiff shoulders and
cracked his neck to the sides. The interior of the library was quite vast,
worthy of the title of largest in the Empire, and even the surrounding
nations. It also had quite an expansive collection. After getting there so late
in the day, all Suimei had really been able to do was find the shelves where
the relevant material was located. While thinking that he’d have to prepare
magickal items and such for the next time he came, Suimei looked up.
The sky was already dark. The infinite blackness that seemed like it
could suck you in held a waxing moon shining brightly on the horizon,
implicitly telling him that it was well past the time to go home. Suimei then
heard the sound of the front door to the library opening behind him.
“Excuse me—Oh, is that you, Yakagi-kun?”
“Ah, Mr. Librarian.”
The man who emerged from the library was the one who’d shown
Suimei around the library that day, an elf named Romeon. He was dressed
in the library staff uniform, and did indeed have long ears.
“Thank you very much for your help today.”
“Don’t mention it. It hasn’t been that long since I started working here
myself, so it was a nice refresher to show someone around.”
Romeon spoke humbly, and Suimei replied in a cheerful manner.
“Despite that, you sure managed to do it quite smoothly.”
“I am an elf, after all. I have some confidence in my memory.”
Romeon tapped his forehead with his index finger as he spoke. Was he
implying elves were known for their memory in this world? Certainly, as a
long-lived species—especially compared to humans—the ability to store
and retrieve memories was quite important.
After chatting for a bit with Suimei, Romeon excused himself and went
on his way. As for Suimei, he was planning on returning home. Though that
was his intention, he still didn’t know the area very well. All he could do
was retrace the path he’d followed to get there. But as he arrived at the
upper class district, he noticed it.
“Hmm?”

He realized it while he was walking along that there wasn’t any light in
the space directly in front of him. It was as if there was a boundary
separating the city blocks. The beautiful townscape of the district that
should only be a few steps in front of him was plunged into a gloomy
darkness. It was unnatural. When he left the library, he’d observed a waxing
moon in the sky. This wasn’t like the modern world where skyscrapers
could cover the sky, and no clouds had rolled in. Yet despite there being
nothing to obstruct the light, it was impossibly pitch black. Moreover, he
could sense the slight presence of mana. Which meant...
A barrier? No, this world shouldn’t have the concept of barriers, so...
Hmm. Did they weaken all the light in that space to create a pseudo-
darkness, or did they create a primary factor that could absorb light...?
While vigilantly surveying his surroundings, Suimei searched for the
existence of a spell, the alteration of events, and the presence or absence of
the mystical. And as expected, the unnatural darkness was something
created by magic. The upper class district was magically cloaked in
darkness before dawn—No, it was darker than that. Just what was going
on? It reeked of trouble.
“H-Help! Help me...”
“Huh?”
Suimei realized that, from within the darkness in front of him, someone
was begging for help while running. The short gasps between their words
made it clear they’d been running for quite some time and were nearing
their limit, but... What was going on?
“You there! Please! Help me!”
“U-Uh, I don’t mind, but what’s going on?”
As Suimei responded, perhaps because the man’s feet had become
tangled, he violently pitched forward and tumbled over.
“Are you alright?”
Suimei held his hand out to man, but as if to say there was something
more important than getting up, he immediately turned and pointed behind
him.
“That! That over there...”
“That?”
When Suimei asked for more clarification, he sensed an omen of dense
mana. Because it was drawing nearer, the portions of it that could not be

concealed in the depths of the darkness were gradually revealing
themselves. And then instantly, as if a portion of the darkness were cut
open, a short figure wearing an inky, pitch black robe stepped out of it.
“Eek! Eeeeeek!”
“...”
The shadow wearing a black robe with a hood hanging low over their
eyes didn’t say a word. All they did was stare fixedly at the man who was
trembling and screaming pathetically. Suimei didn’t have a clue as to what
was really going on, but while supporting the man who was cowering on
the brick street, Suimei sharply narrowed his suspicious gaze and
scrutinized the shadow.
Could this be the guy?
The idea suddenly crossed Suimei’s mind. Perhaps this was the culprit
behind the coma incidents that were sending the imperial capital into panic.
Considering the circumstances, it seemed a very real possibility. As he
considered stepping in, the tension of battle filled Suimei’s body. However,
the shadow seemed to have lost interest, and vanished into the darkness.
“I-I’m saved...”
“Just what was that...?”
Exhausted of all his strength, the man who was on all fours in front of
Suimei rejoiced in the shadow’s departure. If this man was its goal, had it
fallen back because someone else had coincidentally entered the picture?
With the evidence he had, Suimei came to a conclusion about the events
that had just occurred.
“...Hmm?”
And while he was surmising the current state of affairs, he spotted a
familiar figure running towards him with terrifying vigor. They were
running without even keeping an eye on their surroundings—they were
only looking straight ahead at him. Their expression was just like that of a
lost child who, after great pains, had finally found their parent. And as for
the identity of said parent...
“SUIMEI-DONOOOOOOOOOOO!”
“M-Menia?”
The genius mage of Astel, Felmenia Stingray. The girl who bore the title
of White Flame. She was charging right for Suimei while spewing tears and
other less sightly fluids from her face. She made a mad leap for him.

“Your... Your Menia has at long last arrived, Suimei-donooooooooooo!”
“Hey, idiot! Wipe your face first! Mainly the snot! Aaaaaaaaah, it’s
getting on my clothes!”
“SUIMEI-DONOOOOO!”
The darkness vanished, and as the moonlight once more began shining
down on the imperial capital at night, Suimei was reunited with Astel’s
genius mage, Felmenia Stingray.
OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

★
After wiping off her face, Felmenia and Suimei were now headed
towards Suimei’s home base in the Empire. The man who’d been begging
for his life seemed to be a noble, and when Suimei tried to ask about what
happened, he was told it “wasn’t anything of his plebeian concern.” He’d
then left, still cursing and complaining about the shadow. As for the other
one...
“Hmhmmmhmhm!”
On the streets of the imperial capital bathed in faint moonlight, starlight,
and the sporadic lamplight of houses, Felmenia was walking next to Suimei
with a tremendous smile on her face. Just what was she so happy about?
Her broad, dopey smile was a testament to her unusually high spirits.
Suimei tried asking her a question.
“So, Menia, what were you doing in that kinda place?”
“You see, after arriving in the Empire, I used wind magic to search for
you, Suimei-dono. But along the way, I ended up going astray in that
strange place...”
So she’d ended up entering the darkness that obscured a person’s vision
and other senses. Suimei figured it would be easy enough to do if she was
concentrating on trying to find him. But he couldn’t figure out how that led
to the waterworks. Of course, he had the completely wrong idea about why
she was crying.
“So, that’s one thing, but... Why did you come to me?”
“Why, you ask...? Did I not say I would before you departed from
Astel?!”
When she said it, it did ring a bell for Suimei. If he remembered right,
back when they parted at the castle, she’d said something about following
after him without fail, but...
“Yeah, well, I didn’t think you would really come. I completely thought
you were joking.”
When Suimei informed her that he hadn’t taken her seriously, Felmenia
mistakenly took his words the worst possible way. Her expression turned
grave.
“W-Was it wrong of me to follow you?”

“No, it’s not like it’s wrong or anything. But Menia, you have your own
life don’t you? Your job and stuff.”
“What are you saying? Suimei-dono, I know you were informed that I
was relieved of my post as a court mage.”
“Wait, that was serious? I totally thought that was just to corner that old
fart of a court mage, but... That king really knows how to pull a stunt, huh?
But... so that means...”
“Yes! His Majesty told me to come and assist you, Suimei-dono!”
“I bet he did...”
Almadious’s face popped up in Suimei’s mind as he looked at the night
sky. He let out a complex, weighty sigh. Next to him, Felmenia was
nodding her head repeatedly in a delighted manner, which confirmed his
suspicions—she hadn’t followed after him unwillingly.
Now then, King Almadious had let loose the mage said to be the best in
all Astel, and sent her after Suimei, who was acting for nobody’s sake in
particular. Just what did he gain from doing so? Even if he assigned
Felmenia to the boy who wouldn’t participate in the Demon Lord’s
subjugation and was only trying to find a way to return to his own world,
there was really nothing the king stood to gain from it.
No, the king knew that Suimei was a magician. If he also knew full well
that, though only for a brief time, Felmenia had been learning the basics of
magicka while Suimei was at the royal castle, then it wasn’t unreasonable to
think he’d sent Felmenia to learn more of Suimei’s magic for the benefit of
their country.
“Is something the matter, Suimei-dono? Could it be that there is
something stuck to my face?”
The person in question, however, didn’t know that Suimei was thinking
of such things, and innocently cocked her head to the side. It was an
expression that made him think that she couldn’t possibly be scheming to
assist him just to exploit his power.
Well, it’s not something to distrust her over, really. She’s probably not up
to anything like that anyway.
Coming to that conclusion, Suimei pushed his doubts out of his mind. It
was second nature for magicians to wonder what was going on behind the
scenes, and even further beyond that. But it could also lead to
unpleasantries. Especially in situations like this. This girl had genuinely

come to aid him, and Suimei’s first response was to regard her with
skepticism.
I’m pretty terrible, aren’t I...?
Felmenia was serious about helping him. Looking at her expression, he
could tell. And the more he became sure of it, the more guilty he began to
feel. This girl was one of his few acquaintances who knew that he was a
magician. He should have been grateful for her company and welcomed it.
“...Okay. I guess that means we’ll be working together again.”
“Yes!”
When Suimei finally acknowledged what she’d said, Felmenia
responded with an enthusiastic burst of energy. Seeing her act like that, a
single thought came to mind.
“Menia, I know the answer already, but... You’re not hiding dog ears and
a tail somewhere, are you?”
“Ears and tail? Why, no... I am not a therianthrope, after all.”
“Yeah, I thought so. I just... had to ask.”
“Is something the matter?”
“No, it’s nothing. Just forget about it.”
“H-Huh...?”
Brushing off Felmenia and her puzzled expression, Suimei hurried just a
little ahead of her. She hustled right behind him, taking what seemed like
her rightful place next to him with a broad smile on her face as she walked
along once more.
“...So puppy-like...”
He couldn’t help thinking it.
★
After reuniting in the upper class district, Suimei and Felmenia made
their way to the back alley where Suimei’s base was located in Filas Philia.
“So this is the house you’re living in, Suimei-dono?”
“Yeah. I just bought it quite recently. By all means, come in.”
Opening the door to the house, Suimei invited her in. He casually
scanned for presences within the house. Lefille was the only one that
registered. It seemed Jillbert had already gone home. It looked like he’d
have to wait until next time before he could give her a piece of his mind.

When he remembered the little matter of her map, his expression turned
stormy. And just then, his housemate showed up at the entrance.
“Welcome home, Suimei-kun.”
“Ah, yeah, good to be back.”
With a little wave, Lefille welcomed him home. Realizing it had been a
long time since anyone greeted him like that, Suimei felt touched. Had it
been since his father passed away? Suimei closed his eyes, and when he
opened them after a short while, he realized the two unfamiliar girls were
staring at each other in puzzlement.
“Um, Suimei-dono, who is this child...?”
“Suimei-kun, is that girl an acquaintance? Could you introduce me to
her?”
“Ah, that’s right. So, first up, this is the mage who summoned me to this
world, former court mage of the Kingdom of Astel, Felmenia Stingray. She
went out of her way to come all the way here from Metel to lend me a
hand.”
As Suimei first introduced Felmenia to Lefille, something about it
seemed to ring a bell with Lefille. Her eyes opened wide in amazement.
“Oooh, so you are the one celebrated in Astel as the White Flame,
Felmenia Stingray-dono?!”
Felmenia nodded. Suimei then briefly introduced Lefille to Felmenia.
“This is Lefille Grakis. On the way to Nelferia, fate brought us together,
and she’s been my traveling companion since.”
“A companion... you say?”
Felmenia was slightly perplexed. Having a small child as a traveling
companion didn’t make sense to her.
“Well, all sorts of things happened...”
With that, Suimei decided to leave the full introduction for when Lefille
returned to her original form.
“I’m Lefille Grakis. A pleasure to meet you. Please just call me Lefille.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, too.”
And with that, the two girls shared a friendly handshake. Felmenia then
turned to Suimei.
“Suimei-dono, Lefille is quite... How do I put it? She seems to be quite
refined. Is she perhaps...”
“Ah, so you can tell? It’s true that Lefille is a little mistress from a well-

off place.”
“As I thought. I gathered as much from the odds and ends of her
conduct. I can tell she’s one with a noble lineage.”
As Felmenia smiled at Lefille, perhaps taking into account that she was
now tiny, Lefille replied with a nervous face in a somewhat reserved
manner.
“Yes, but if I’m not mistaken, you’re also a noble. There’s no need for
you to speak in such a modest way...”
“No, I am guessing that you are someone of high standing from another
nation. So even as the daughter of a noble, I’m pleased to be in such good
company and treat you as you deserve. You have nothing to worry about.”
Now that he thought about it, other than to the servants, palace guards,
and her enemies, Suimei realized that Felmenia had always been
particularly courteous. Her way of speaking just now was kind of like an
extension of that. She was being obligingly polite with a small child. And
while Suimei was contemplating such subtleties in her tone, Felmenia
looked at him with a passionate gaze.
“Then, from tomorrow on, I will be in your care here, so please do treat
me well.”
“Wh-Wh-What?!”
But it wasn’t Suimei who shouted. Felmenia was referencing the
conversation she’d had with Suimei on their way to the house, which
apparently came as a great shock to Lefille.
“Something up?”
“Lady Felmenia just said that she will be living together with us... Is that
true, Suimei-kun?!”
“Well, yeah. That’s kinda what a base is for, right? Besides, there are
still plenty of free rooms.”
Lefille dejectedly slumped her shoulders as if this was terrible news.
“...And here I thought I was finally going to be able to be alone with
Suimei-kun...”
“...?”
Suimei couldn’t hear Lefille’s quiet mumbling, and he couldn’t
understand what she was upset about. Shrugging it off, he moved on to the
next topic at hand: Felmenia’s room.
“And so, Menia’s room will be...”

“Wha—?!”
Lefille once more raised her voice in abject surprise as she pointed a
trembling finger at Suimei. Had she seen a ghost? Her shocked expression
would have made it easy to believe. Just what was going on with her?
Suimei gave her a puzzled look.
“What’s up?”
“What did you just say, Suimei-kun?!”
“...What’s up?”
“Before that!”
“Before that? I was talking about Menia’s room.”
He couldn’t imagine what in that had shocked her. She looked like she
was on the verge of crisis. However, she managed to calm herself, clear her
throat out in a way that didn’t suit her small body, and start over with her
inquiry.
“Suimei-kun. Do you, um... often refer to her in that way?”
“Yeah?”
Still perplexed, Suimei answered her honestly, and Lefille’s countenance
turned bitter.
“Really...? Tch.”
“Is something wrong with that?”
“S-Something? No, everything! All of it!”
A yell came back in response to Suimei’s question. Even though it
wasn’t like she was doing intense exercise, she was gasping like she was
out of breath. Lefille looked like she was at her wit’s end. But once again,
she calmed herself, and then seemed to contemplate something for a spell.
She paced like a detective or sleuth from a crime drama working out a
mystery. Eventually seeming to arrive at an answer, she raised her face with
a snap.
“Alright, Suimei-kun, from today on, please call me Lefi.”
“Huh, what? Why?”
“It doesn’t matter! Starting today, you will also call me by my pet name!
Got it? Starting this very moment, effective immediately, you’ll call me
Lefi!”
She thrust out her index finger emphatically towards Suimei.
Overpowered by her intense presence like a fierce god’s, despite faltering,
Suimei consented.

“O-Okay... That’s fine and all, but...”
“Then, um... Come on, Suimei-kun.”
She looked at him with expectant eyes as if commanding him to say it.
“U-Uh... Lefi?”
“...”
“Hey, what’s wrong?”
“Mm... Alright, not bad. Actually, it’s pretty good.”
With her eyes cast down as she said that, Lefille nodded repeatedly. And
when she raised her head, what Suimei could see was a completely satisfied
and unabashed look of joy. Meanwhile, having watched that exchange from
beginning to end, Felmenia looked like she was staring a hole through the
floor, and then looked up at the ceiling next. Just what was she thinking
about? The up and down process repeated for a bit, and then she seemed to
reach a conclusion on something.
“It couldn’t be...”
“This time it’s Menia...? What’s up?”
However, Felmenia didn’t reply to Suimei. Instead, she kneeled down to
Lefille’s eye level and put her hands on her shoulders.
“This sort of thing is no good. It is still too early for you.”
“I-It’s not too early! No, actually... Isn’t this a late start?!”
Though Suimei was lost as to what Felmenia was talking about, Lefille
seemed to understand. She began bawling as if Felmenia’s words were
devastating.
“I don’t really get what’s going on here, but... about the room
assignments...”
Watching the two girls sink deeper into their bog, Suimei tried to cut in.
Perhaps having remembered something, Felmenia vehemently turned
towards him.
“Come to think of it, there is something that I would like to ask you
about, Suimei-dono!”
★
“Hahh, like I thought, I didn’t finish him off. How pathetic...”
What Felmenia ended up asking him about was about the battle with
Rajas. She told the story of what happened, and they’d just finished going

over the details. Suimei twirled around his finger as he pushed it into his
temple.
“So Rajas is no more?”
“Yes. He took a strike from Reiji-dono, and after that, a pale lightning
burst out of his body. He was completely burned away by it and left not a
trace...”
“Yeah, that’s how that spell works.”
“No less from Suimei-dono, I’m sure.”
Felmenia reveled in admiration, but Suimei apologized for causing them
trouble. It was just as he’d suspected. However, for Rajas to also hold on
for nearly a week, he really was terrifyingly sturdy. Even if Suimei had
faced off against him without first taking on an army of ten thousand, he
probably wouldn’t have gotten by with ordinary means. While Suimei was
pondering that, Lefille was making a stern face in the seat next to him. She
then began muttering in a slightly angry voice.
“Lucas de Hadorious...”
Lefille repeated the name of the noble that Felmenia had spoken of. She
scoffed in irritation at the man in question who’d ensnared Suimei and the
trade corps just to buy time.
“So the reason those demons appeared in the first place is because of
that man...”
“Yes, I’m afraid. As a citizen of Astel, I offer my sincere apologies for
his actions.”
“No, it wasn’t your fault. It wasn’t Suimei’s, either.”
Lefille tried to encourage the two of them, who were both making bitter
expressions. Suimei then resolutely thrust out his fist.
“I’ll have to properly thank that son of a bitch later.”
“Indeed. I believe I will as well.”
Though still in her childlike body, Lefille had a terrifying presence about
her. The anger she felt towards Hadorious likely exceeded even Suimei’s.
She lost the first good friends she’d gotten close with since losing everyone.
That searing pain couldn’t be expressed in just words. And as she and
Suimei let the flames of retribution burn in their eyes, Felmenia took out
her baggage in a fluster. Just what was she up to?
“Also, I have something that I must show you, Suimei-dono.”
“Yeah?”

“Yes. Here, take this.”
With that, Felmenia presented an old tome to him. On its spine, “A
Study of the Hero Summoning Ritual and the History of the Summoned
Heroes” was scribed in stunning calligraphy.
“Where... did you get this?”
“While organizing documents before I left, I found it in the castle library
and brought it with me.”
“I see. I meant to look through there from top to bottom, but to think I
overlooked this...”
“I have not yet confirmed the contents myself, but how about it?”
“It’s a detailed report on the hero summoning ritual, and looks like
someone’s personal research on it.”
“Do you think it will be of use?”
“Yeah, looks like it’ll be a good reference. Thanks.”
“No, it’s hardly something you need thank me for...”
Though she said that, Felmenia looked both moved and extremely happy
that Suimei had thanked her personally. Looking at them from the side with
a somewhat envious expression, Lefille was sourly grumbling. She seemed
to think Felmenia had stolen a march on her. Since Suimei was engrossed in
the book, he didn’t see or hear any of this, which could only be said to be
karma.
As he continued to read, Lefille seemed to realize something and
changed her tone completely. She went from fuming to pouting, and asked
Suimei a question in a diffident manner as she hung her head low.
“Um... Suimei-kun... Like I thought, do you want to go back?”
“Well, yeah.”
While skimming the book without looking up, Suimei gave a half-aware
reply. He was almost completely absorbed in what he was reading.
“!”
“?!”
Both Felmenia and Lefille’s shoulders jumped up with a twitch. They
then both cast their eyes solemnly downward.
“As expected, I suppose...”
“Yes, that’s just how it is...”
“Huh? Uh... What’s with you two?”
Just what had come over the two girls? In the section of the room that

should have been bright thanks to the light from a magickal lamp, it looked
like someone had put up blackout curtains for a moment. But there was
nothing wrong with the lamp. When Suimei finally looked over, there was a
looming atmosphere of grief swirling in the room. It was as if an awfully
heavy weight was pushing down on the two girls so hard that he could
almost hear a dramatic sound effect to go with it.
“Nothing, it’s nothing...”
“Waaah... Z-Zuiemi-dono ith going awaaay...”
“H-Hey... Hey, you two!”
Suimei wouldn’t make it all the way through the book, because he now
had his hands full soothing his two housemates.
OceanofPDF.com

Chapter 3: The Second Hero, Elliot
More so than Suimei expected, Felmenia and Lefille seemed to get
along well. As was evidenced by their first meeting, both of them were
polite, diligent girls with a strong sense of justice. Both the way they
thought and their general dispositions were quite similar, so they had a great
deal in common and it didn’t take much time at all for them to open their
hearts to one another.
And since there wasn’t a single spark flying between them, Suimei had
absolutely no worry about them living with and being around each other.
And fortuitously for Lefille, her new friend was someone who was well
versed in the magic of this world. Lefille was somewhat vexed that she
couldn’t attend the Magic Institute as she was, so getting lessons from
Felmenia was a nice substitute for the time being.
It was just that, sometimes, it looked like she was restraining Felmenia.
Suimei was sure it was just his imagination, so he didn’t pay it any mind.
Two days after Felmenia came into town, the three of them visited the local
branch of the Adventurer’s Guild known as the Twilight Pavilion.
Suimei and Lefille hadn’t been by a guild office since they’d repelled
Rajas, so they were planning on checking in to report and to apply for
activities within the Empire. And after providing the female receptionist
with a somewhat sanitized version of what occurred with Rajas and the
demons, they were just about finished with putting all the formalities in
order.
“...I understand. Thank you for your work. Even our branch has heard of
the matter in Astel. It’s regrettable about the trade corps and the members
who were accompanying them...”
“It certainly is. I’d also like to apologize for providing the report so
late.”
With that, Suimei bowed his head to the receptionist. The matter with
Rajas had weighed on him quite heavily. He’d withdrawn from the trade
corps commission halfway through, but since all the other members had lost

their lives, he felt like the least he could do was make a proper report on the
incident. With the situation he’d found himself in, however, he’d been
completely waylaid in checking in until now. But with this, a load had
finally been taken off his shoulders.
“That’s not necessary. It doesn’t sound like there’s anything else that
could have been done. We’re just glad to see that you’ve arrived here safely.
And regarding that, Yakagi-san, our support for you has been rather frugal,
so do let us know if you require anything.”
“Thank you very much.”
After thanking the Twilight Pavilion receptionist who’d offered to help
out with anything he might need hereafter, Suimei returned to the table
where Felmenia and Lefille were waiting. Lefille was gulping down some
grape juice from a porcelain cup she was holding with both hands, and
Felmenia was looking around at the interior of the building in her usual
rather composed fashion. Giving them a salute and letting them know that
all the formalities had been taken care of, Suimei sat down at the table with
them. Felmenia immediately looked at him with a question.
“Was that alright?”
“Hmm? What do you mean?”
Suimei strained his face as if his nose was blocked up and asked for
clarification. Lefille explained in Felmenia’s stead.
“Regarding the report you made just now... We could hear you from
here, and you talked about the events in more detail than we thought you
would. With that much information, you know it’ll end up reaching this
Hadorious or whoever, right? Wouldn’t that be disadvantageous for us?”
“I wonder... From what I’ve heard, the reason he used me as a decoy in
the first place was because it was part of a some grand plan, right? It wasn’t
like he was out to kill me off or anything, though he probably didn’t even
spare a single thought about my safety,” said Suimei.
“That is certainly true. If not for the matter with Rajas, I do not think
that Duke Hadorious would have resorted to such means. He probably only
sees you as a good friend of the hero who possesses absolutely no power,”
agreed Felmenia.
“I see. Still... keeping him in the dark could only benefit us. If our
opponent is unaware of us and our whereabouts, then he can’t make a move
on us, you see. In short, being overly forthcoming on our part very well

may be a misstep,” Lefille explained as she set aside her cup.
Certainly the position they were in right now was advantageous. Unlike
here in the Empire, they had used fake names when visiting Kurant City, so
it was likely that Hadorious wasn’t even aware that Suimei was still alive.
And if they kept things that way, he couldn’t use them anymore. What
Lefille was suggesting, then, was that Suimei had essentially cut his throat
with his own tongue by saying too much. Suimei, however, knew the risks
and had only acted after considering the potential outcomes on a scale.
“If this is going to go one way or another, I’d rather he just go ahead and
make a move. If he does, then it’s an open invitation for us to bite back,
after all. So if he’s gonna mess with me, then I would kindly invite him to
come at me already.”
After making that fearless declaration, he tacked on that they’d be able
to get a better read on Hadorious if he came after them, and with that,
concluded his point. Lefille then added her own two cents.
“How unexpected. To think you were that inclined towards conflict...”
“This Hadorious guy is a noble who’s willing to drag in innocent
bystanders and use them as cannon fodder. If he’s shameless enough to even
nonchalantly use ‘the good friend of the hero,’ then if things got serious, he
would probably use Reiji and the others too. No matter what his true
motives were, he’s not someone we can just leave at large for long.”
“It is fine if we can somehow keep him in check from here, but Duke
Hadorious is a difficult opponent to make a move on even for His
Majesty...”
“Well, that’s feudalism for you. What are you gonna do? And besides,
I’m not interested in staying indebted to the king, either.”
Acknowledging what a difficult problem it was, Suimei let out a grand
sigh and brought that conversation to a close. He then began consulting the
two girls on what to do next. As they were talking, a clear, beautiful voice
called out to them.
“Excuse me, you three... Could I bother you for a moment?”
“You mean us?”
“Yeah.”
Suimei turned around as he replied, and he was met with the very
definition of a beautiful boy. Blond hair, blue eyes, delicate skin. He looked
like he could be from Northern Europe, but his complexion wasn’t quite

pale enough. Nevertheless, he was very sexy. He had a different allure than
Reiji, a man who the word “pretty” described quite aptly. This boy appeared
to be about Suimei’s age, and his clothes had something of a foreign look to
them. They were a bit different from what most of the people in the Empire
wore.
Collecting his thoughts on his first impression of this young man,
Suimei suddenly realized that everyone within the building was astir. If he
had to guess, he would have wagered it was because this young man was
talking to them.
“Sorry for the sudden intrusion. My name is Elliot Austin. As for my
identity... Though it’s a little strange for me to say so myself, if I said I was
a hero, would you understand?”
When the young man introduced himself, everyone at Suimei’s table
joined the stir that had come over the guild hall...
“And over here is the priest from the Church of Salvation who is
accompanying me.”
“I am called Christa.”
When Elliot introduced her, the young woman who was standing just
behind him and to the side took off her hood, gracefully lifted the sides of
her skirt, and curtsied politely. She had green braids hanging down over her
shoulders, and an unchanging, sullen, stiff expression on her face. She was
a young woman who appeared to be quite high strung. Elliot then shifted
his gaze to Lefille. And upon realizing she had his attention, she looked
quite surprised.
“By the look on your face, it seems that you have an idea as to what’s
going on.”
“It couldn’t be... Did you also receive an oracle?”
Trembling in shock, Lefille’s voice faltered as she squeezed those words
out. Elliot smiled at her and replied in a refreshing tone.
“That’s right. I received an oracle from the Goddess Alshuna, you see,
so I came to pick you up.”
★
He came to pick her up. That’s what Elliot said. Did that meant this
young man was the hero summoned in El Meide, the one who was to go on

a journey with Lefille?
“As expected, you match how the oracle described you to the letter.
Could you tell me your name?”
“I-I’m... Lefille Grakis...”
“Lefille Grakis. Hmm... Lefille-chan, then. It’s nice to meet you.”
With that, Elliot flashed a smile and his porcelain hand to Lefille. Was it
an expression of affection? Or perhaps...
“Now then, in accordance with the Goddess Alshuna’s oracle, come with
us.”
“Th-That’s...”
Lefille was bewildered. Elliot was speaking and acting as if it was
perfectly expected that she would come along. And since the conversation
was moving forward all on its own without him, Suimei leveraged his way
into it.
“Can I say something?”
“And you are?”
“I’m her companion, Suimei Yakagi. You suddenly introduced yourself
and ran with it, but... Are you really the hero?”
Christa appeared quite irritated at what Suimei was implying. She
stepped forward as if ready to scold him for being suspicious of them, but
Elliot swiftly raised an arm to hold her back and spoke in her stead.
“That sort of suspicion is only natural, I suppose. It is certainly possible
for people out there to assume the name of the hero, after all. However,
what I say is the truth. Let’s see... In my case, Christa and the people of the
Twilight Pavilion can vouch for me.”
“Even the people here now?”
“Not long ago, I went with guild members to subjugate some monsters. I
do believe that they are well aware of my capabilities.”
As Elliot made that statement to give a glimpse at his identity, Suimei
looked around at the people in the hall. Several of them nodded to confirm
what Elliot had said. So the reason the crowd was astir earlier was because
they knew of this young man’s identity... Seeing the hero approach a
stranger without hesitation must have been an interesting scene indeed.
However, just what did it mean that Suimei was able to understand the
language this boy was speaking with a totally different feel to it? Suimei
had a good ear for the tongues of his own world, so even if what he was

hearing was a translation, he should have been able hear the particulars of
the language itself when he focused. The fact that he couldn’t do that now
suggested this young man wasn’t summoned from his world.
Lefille then made a stern expression and turned to Suimei.
“Suimei-kun, this young man also matches the description I got from the
oracle. It seems quite certain he is indeed the hero summoned in El Meide.”
“Yes, there is no mistaking that Elliot-sama is the summoned hero of El
Meide.”
Christa quite adamantly vouched for him as well. Elliot then put one
hand to his chest and turned to Suimei with a wink.
“So how about it? With this, I do believe that you can trust who I am
now.”
“That you’re the hero, anyway.”
“Then—”
“I’ve heard what’s going on from her, and I can accept that much, but
having to go along with it is an entirely different story.”
“Pardon?”
“The idea that she has to play along with this no matter what... Are the
oracles of your dear god that absolute?”
Suimei presented his doubts quite plainly. He was asking something that
may have been considered quite obvious to the people of this world, but he
had to say it. And the one to reply was Christa.
“Of course. It is the will of our esteemed Goddess. As those who have
received her blessings, we have an obligation to adhere to her words.”
The people of this world directly received oracles, or, as Lefille would
put it, blessings from the Elements and the Goddess. And since Lefille
herself was a descendant of the Goddess’s right hand, she felt especially
compelled to honor the Goddess. But even then...
“What happens if the person in question doesn’t want to do what she
was told?”
“But she must,” Elliot declared bluntly.
Despite being from a different world, the fact that he was so certain of
Alshuna and her will... It wasn’t exactly clear at present, but there was
likely a reason he had no doubt about the oracle. But even so, it felt strange
for him to ask what he was of Lefille in her present condition. Pondering all
this, Suimei posed him a question.

“You’re going off to subjugate the Demon Lord or whatever, right? And
you’re going to bring along someone who can’t fight?”
“I must admit I also feel awkward in that regard.”
Presented with such a reasonable objection, such a reply was only
natural.
“Then—”
“However, the fact that I received an oracle regardless means that there
is a reason that she must come with me, right?”
“That’s reading far too much into it, isn’t it?”
“But these oracles passed down to us are something so exquisite and
extraordinary that our minds cannot possibly comprehend the true meaning
behind them. They must simply be taken as divine.”
“Even if you say it like that while gesturing like you’re in a drama, it
doesn’t connect to belief in the Goddess, you know?”
Suimei shot down Elliot’s grand manner of speaking and gesticulating.
Christa was the one who came at him next.
“From what I’m hearing...”
“Hmm?”
“From what I’m hearing, you seem to be making naught but statements
denying the oracle. Are you saying that you oppose not just the hero Elliot-
sama, but also the will of the great Goddess Alshuna?”
“Th-That’s...”
Christa was lording over the group with a sharp gaze. And having that
cast upon her, Lefille faltered. Normally, the mere threatening gaze of some
girl wouldn’t cause even a fragment of anxiety within Lefille, but with
Alshuna added to the mix, it was only natural that she cave. It was there
that, to throw Lefille a lifeline, Felmenia challenged Christa with a tense
attitude that was quite unusual for her.
“It is certainly true that the word of Alshuna is important, but are you
not ignoring the circumstances too inconsiderately? I do believe it is far too
hasty of you to take Lefille along with you right here, right now.”
“And I do believe everyone is well aware that we are not in a situation
where we have any time for leisure. The Kingdom of Noshias was brought
to ruin by the demons, and just the other day, the hands of evil dug their
fingers into the Kingdom of Astel, as you may know.”
“And that was prevented.”

“What of it? The problem at hand is that there are demons invading
territories even as we speak.”
“However, even if Lefille were to go to go with the hero, that doesn’t
mean the current situation will change. Rather, there is a considerable
possibility that you would just be dragging an innocent bystander into
trouble. Would that not damage the hero’s reputation?”
Felmenia and Christa stared each other down, sparks flying. For a
moment, it had seemed that the argument was flowing against Felmenia’s
favor, but she managed to counterattack and regain her ground. Christa then
tightly sealed her mouth shut in a perfectly straight line, and Felmenia
noticed that Elliot was watching her intently.
“...Is something the matter?”
“I would like to hear your name.”
“I am called Fem Ray.”
When he asked for her name, Felmenia created an alias on the spot.
Elliot then drew closer to her, looking at her as though she’d piqued his
interest.
“Fem-san, you also seem to have quite a lot of mana.”
“Wh-What?!”
“Currently, we are in the middle of expanding our forces to face the
Demon Lord. In other words, we are looking for people like you who
possess outstanding skills. Fem-san, would you consider coming with us
along with Lefille-chan?”
“Wha?!”
“WH-WHAAAAAT?!”
“No, rather than asking if you would come along, it would be better to
decide that you were. If I am not mistaken, the authority to recruit allies is
also part of being a hero.”
Saying that, Elliot turned to Christa for confirmation.
“...Yes. It is just as you say.”
Though she affirmed what he said, she hesitated for a moment before
doing so. It was likely because she harbored ill feelings towards Felmenia.
Despite the little clash they’d just had, she was invited to join their party, so
it was certainly understandable that Christa didn’t take kindly to the idea.
Elliot, however, seemed to pay it no mind.
“Then... do you understand?”

“E-Even so...”
Before Felmenia’s bewilderment could get any more staggering, Suimei
cut in.
“No matter how you put it, isn’t that far too high-handed?”
“That may be.”
Elliot didn’t try to dodge the question. But he did turn a scrutinizing
look on Suimei, as if evaluating him.
“What?”
“She appears to be strong, but you do not seem to possess the skills to be
able to endure our journey.”
“Oh yeah?”
“In others words, you cannot come with us. Though it is regrettable,
give it up here. To you, it may seem like your two female companions are
being taken from you, but to the people of this world, the subjugation of the
Demon Lord takes precedent over all else. For the sake of the people of this
world, I would have you swallow your tears.”
Suimei’s face twitched a little. Having such contempt poured down on
him, Suimei was unable to even feign composure. Despite the fact that
they’d just met, he had no restraint and said whatever the hell he wanted.
“So how about it?”
“For the sake of the people of this world... Are you saying you can really
justify this with that excuse?”
“Excuse...? Do you mean to slander me in saying that I am trying to get
away with taking these girls along?”
“You would be precisely correct.”
As Suimei said that, Felmenia limply clung to him and began whining,
nearly in tears.
“Suimei-donooo! What do we doooooo?!”
Felmenia was excessively perplexed. Just where had that gallant figure
that faced off against Christa gone? Glaring at Elliot, Suimei replied to her.
“In your case, you can just ignore him, can’t you?”
“Th-That will not do! Just as he implied earlier, if the esteemed hero of
salvation requests the accompaniment of someone, they are obliged to
follow.”
Leaning in closer to Felmenia’s ear, Suimei whispered to her.
“What about the king’s mission?”

“No! If I were to give my real name, the Holy State would likely send a
formal notification to the Kingdom of Astel’s congress. If that came to pass,
even if His Majesty were to command otherwise...”
It wouldn’t do her any good, would it? Thinking about it, Suimei
recalled hearing about how the king was opposed to the hero summoning at
the world conference. And considering how that had gone, there was no
way the uncertain intentions of the king of a single country would be
prioritized over the good of the world. But even then, Suimei wasn’t willing
to back down.
“I refuse.”
“It has nothing to do with you. I have no reason to humor your
objections.”
“Sure you do. These two are my companions. It only stands to reason
that I should have a say in the matter.”
“As I said so before, this is for the sake of the world.”
As Elliot once more used the circumstances of this world as a shield,
Suimei grew irritated.
“Like I give a shit about that.”
“Suimei-kun!”
“Suimei-dono!”
Even if it was something that he shouldn’t have said in public, he had to
say it. And hearing it, Felmenia and Lefille both raised their voices in
surprise. The hero Elliot also spoke up in a considerably surprised tone.
“Are you not a citizen of this world yourself?”
“Maybe so. However, that’s inconsequential to me.”
“You...”
Elliot stared at him in bewilderment, and Suimei returned his gaze with
one that showed his iron will. Their staring contest raged on briefly, but one
girl quickly put an end to it. It was Christa.
“Did you all hear this man just now?! Behold! This man opposes the
words of our awe-inspiring Goddess and defies her will!”
Felmenia and Lefille nearly jumped out of their chairs. Turning her back
to Suimei and the others, Christa acted like she was giving a dramatic
speech to the people inside the Twilight Pavilion from the corner of the hall.
So this was a contrived, exaggerated denunciation to drag everyone else
into it and try and intimidate them with numbers, was it?

In response to the loud voice Christa suddenly fired out, various people
spoke up. The members of the Twilight Pavilion, who had only been
whispering as they looked on at Suimei and the others, were now at full
volume. Even the people in line to submit commissions who seemed to be
followers of the Church of Salvation were tossing judgmental looks their
way.
Before long, the atmosphere in the guild hall was so tense that it felt like
it might detonate. Disparaging words like “scoundrel” and “shameless”
were being hurled at Suimei. He couldn’t exactly say they were wrong, but
turning unrelated people against them by fanning the flames of their
religious devotion pissed Suimei off to no end.
“Goddess this, Goddess that... Whatever she says goes, huh? Is the will
of the person in question just trash to you, then?”
“That is not the case. However, the problem at hand now is a matter of
perspective where such emotions cannot be the only basis for one’s
actions.”
Even so...
“How idiotic.”
“What...?”
Hearing Suimei’s overt decrying of his words, Elliot was seized by
confusion for an instant. After giving him a sidelong glance, Suimei turned
to Felmenia and Lefille. They were likely in the throes of confusion
themselves. The wishes of the Goddess and their own wishes were in direct
opposition right now, and they were trembling with anxiety at the dilemma.
“Just look at them. Some goddess or whatever who makes people
who’ve lived proper lives quake in fear like that is completely worthless.
Am I wrong?”
“You would still speak like that...?”
“Yeah, I just did. What about it? If you’re saying that you’re going to
take them anyways... Hmph, go ahead and try.”
Hearing Suimei’s provoking declaration, the crowd in the hall was abuzz
again. Whispers of “How could you say that to Hero-sama?” and “Do you
think you can win against the hero?” were flying around the room.
Unsurprisingly, Elliot and Christa seemed to feel the same way.
“You against me, a hero?”
“That’s right.”

Suimei obstinately reaffirmed that he would not yield. But despite
getting a taste of Suimei’s indomitable attitude, Elliot seemed unfazed. He
then turned to Lefille and tried to persuade her.
“You also understand the importance of the Goddess Alshuna’s will, do
you not?”
“I-I’m, um...”
Lefille fell silent and eventually nodded. As long as she received the
Goddess’s blessing, she had no other way to answer.
“Even she seems to understand full well.”
“Sure. But even so.”
Suimei had made a promise. That no matter the cause, he wouldn’t let
her go through something unpleasant. He hadn’t made the same promise to
Felmenia, but he felt the same way about her. With Suimei denying him
again and again, Elliot let out an astonished sigh and shifted his attention
back to the unrelenting boy.
“...Very well. Though I feel sorry for you, I will be taking them by
force.”
So it was decided. And following that, Christa once more made a fuss,
extolling their righteousness to the crowd.
“Did you hear that?! These people have boldly declared their opposition
to our dear Goddess!”
In response to Christa’s loud voice, the people in the hall once more spat
insults in Suimei’s direction. They were even louder and more vehement
this time around. Felmenia remained as she was with a bitter expression,
but Lefille was weak to their rebuke. Her face went pale as if she was
standing on a bed of nails.
“...Every fucking last one of them...”
Answering the harsh voices that fell on him, Suimei let out his own
criticism. These people didn’t care at all about what anyone else was going
through. They had no empathy, and were just expressing their blind
devotion to a figure they’d never seen or met. They were falling prey to a
mob mentality, each trying to be the most devoted. It was like they’d
abandoned their ability to think for themselves, and it was a poor statement
of their character.
“Suimei-kun... In the end, if I just give up...”
Lefille spoke up timidly, and Suimei gently stroked her head.

“Suimei-dono...”
Felmenia’s gaze implored him, asking what they should do, what they
could do. Suimei looked back to her, signaling for her not to worry. He then
turned his uncompromising gaze on the hero and his attendant.
Even if they’d received an oracle, this was nothing other than high-
handed tyranny. What did they know of Lefille and her circumstances, her
pain? Did they even know how long Felmenia had waited to be with
Suimei? Was it the heroic thing to do to just ignore those feelings?
Christa was still inciting an uproar. Preparing to have a bout with the
hero Elliot, Suimei took his distance. The other people in the crowd lined
up and encircled them as if forming an arena.
The reason Suimei acquired power... Recalling that once more right
now, anything and everything that held him back was blown clean away.
“Alright. Come get some. I don’t care if you’re a hero or whatever, but if
you’re gonna stand in my way, I’ll just brush you aside too.”
“I believe I already said it. That you do not have the talent to stand
alongside us. There is no way that you could possibly be a match for me,
I’m afraid.”
“...”
“Despite what you might think looking at me, even in my own world I
was a reasonably well-known master of the sword and magic. And after
coming to this world, I received the divine protection of the hero
summoning. You should understand full well what sort of significance that
holds.”
“Who cares? I don’t give a damn about any of that.”
“You do not seem to be the type of person who can be reached with
conversation. I—”
Before Elliot could finish his declaration, Suimei unleashed his mana
and his malice for this guy. Rather than burning hot, it was freezing cold.
Between that and the pressure he exuded, the atmospheric temperature
immediately fell below freezing. Perhaps because the temperature of the
room had dropped so suddenly, all of the moisture in the room condensed in
an instant, and even the walls of the guild hall broke into a cold sweat.
Naturally, the color in the face of anyone peeking at Suimei was gone in
a flash. Their breath all came out as white mist in the now freezing room.
Under the powerful psychic cold that Suimei unleashed, even time itself

seemed to have frozen. Scarcely anyone could move. From the tips of their
fingers to the tips of their toes, they felt frozen solid.
“What were you saying about my power again?”
“You...”
Even as cold sweat moistened his brow, Elliot persevered. It seemed that
his claim of being a well-known master in his own world wasn’t just a
bluff. He could still move. Normally this was the point where Suimei would
at least offer a word of praise for his opponent, but he had no intent of
doing so this time. Instead, he coldly approach his enemy with a composed
stride. Nothing more.
Elliot drew the sword hanging at his waist and brandished it. Unlike the
broadsword that Reiji carried, Elliot’s had a long, narrow blade. Mana
spread throughout the black blade, making it shine like it was burning red.
It was likely made of shining orichalcos. At a glance, it seemed there was
no mistaking it. It was supposed to be a material that wasn’t suitable for
weapons, but it seemed it was treated differently here in this world. But
such details weren’t what was important right now. The so-called hero was
stepping forward with the intent of taking the initiative. However, because
of the psychic cold, he was unable to move as swiftly as he ordinarily did,
and that compromised some of the strength he received from the hero
summoning.
“Elliot-sama... Oh Lightning, thou who art the incarnation of that
shining power! Emulate this sharp will of mine, and pierce though in an
instant! Blitz Shot!”
Was Christa trying to get in some support first? Urged by the
atmosphere in the air, she incanted a lightning spell. With the crackling war
cry of electricity, a shining pale violet light appeared in the air. However...
“Vanish.”
With but a single word from Suimei, the manifested power of the
mysteries vanished. Christa realized that the magic she wove herself had
been utterly dispelled into nothingness. Now sensing just how large the gap
in power between them was, she fell to her knees right where she stood.
And in the middle of that, Elliot came cutting in. Rather, thrusting in.
Was it from the blessing of the hero summoning, or was he that good with a
sword to begin with? A single thrust with one hand came in like a gale. In a
flash, it reached its maximum speed. But when it came to agility, Kuchiba

Hatsumi was a step above. The instant before the point of the sword reached
him, Suimei rotated his body around Elliot’s dominant hand, and while
passing by him, began the chant for his spell. Turning his head around, the
hero gave Suimei a sharp look. Just going halfway wouldn’t be enough.
The chant’s energy was the mudra. The Mantra of Light was replicated
by the symbol of five variegated lights. His left hand became a fist like a
vajra held at his waist, and he brought his right hand with his five fingers
slightly spread apart to his left side. The circle was the enlightened mind.
And the magicka he wove was the sweet voice of Kalavinka, which
forcefully released an opponent’s mana.
And then, he chanted with all his might. In other words, a true chant.
“Buddhi brahma. Buddhi vidya. Asat nada mahayama om karuma.
Kalpa devana gara. Kalpa—”
[Awaken power. Along with great knowledge. That voice that reaches far
and wide is high above in the heavens, and with that sweet echo, thou shalt
release the original sin. Thou shalt listen to the eternal voice of the lotus.
Thou shalt listen—]
“Please wait right there!”
“—?!”
Suddenly, a voice urging restraint called out to Suimei. He suspended
his chant for the moment and turned towards it. And he wasn’t the only one.
Considering the timing, everyone had their eyes on the owner of that voice.
And judging by its high pitch, Suimei could guess it was a woman. When
he looked, he saw the therianthrope nun that he and Lefille met at the
church they visited. Still kneeling on the floor, Christa asked for her to
name herself.
“A-And you are...?”
“I am Sister Clarissa from the Church of Salvation! I come bearing a
new oracle passed down from our dear Goddess!”
★
“Both of you, please put an end to this.”
As Clarissa rose to the stage of the bout between Elliot and Suimei, she
looked at the two of them and implored them to stop. Finally standing up,
Christa expressed her reservations on this sudden development.

“A new oracle? What do you mean by that? More importantly, does this
oracle have something to do with us?”
“Yes. It concerns the hero and the gentleman over there, and it was
passed down to me directly from our dear Goddess just now.”
“Me... and him?”
“Yes. The two of you must not directly come into conflict over the girl
with red hair. Settle this matter by catching the shadow who is causing a
disturbance here in the imperial capital, it said.”
With this most unexpected arbitration, the crowd was astir once more.
To think that oracles would be piling on top of oracles like this... It was
beyond anybody’s expectations. Suimei addressed the nun next.
“Sister, what do you mean by shadow who is causing a disturbance here
in the imperial capital?”
“It is likely referring to the culprit behind the coma incidents, I believe.
This oracle is saying to use catching that culprit to settle this...”
“In other words, to use this as a match between us.”
“Yes. And that being the case, please bring this display to an end. It is
futile to fight in such a place, is it not?”
With the sister advocating that their fight would be useless, Elliot
obediently sheathed his sword.
“Understood. If the oracle says so, then I will withdraw my blade.”
Seeing that, Suimei also quietly dismissed his mana. If he were to
recklessly fight in such a situation, there would be nothing to gain from it.
After stowing his sword, Elliot looked towards Suimei.
“That appears to be the situation, but what will you do?”
“Hmph. I don’t have any obligation to listen to the words of Alshuna or
whoever. But if you’re saying that we can settle this matter without any
future troubles this way, then I’m fine with jumping on board.”
“I cannot stomach your manner of speaking, but... It’s settled, then.”
With that, Elliot declared his consent and headed towards Christa.
“Elliot-sama...”
Christa looked at him with an anxious expression, but Elliot turned back
to look at Suimei.
“If I am not mistaken... Suimei Yakagi, was it? Your name, that is.”
“Yeah.”
“I will remember that. Now, let’s go, Christa.”

Elliot then took Christa and passed through the crowd of onlookers,
leaving the guild behind. As Suimei watched him walk off, Clarissa drew
closer to him.
“It has been a while.”
“I never thought you would force your way through like that, sister.”
“I’m equally surprised. I came to the Twilight Pavilion because I had
business here, and lo and behold, the gentleman I met the other day at the
sermon was stirring up trouble with the hero.”
It must have been quite unexpected for her. To think that, knowing that
his opponent was the hero who would save the world, Suimei would pick a
fight regardless... Pondering that, Suimei realized Clarissa’s actions were
strange. Based on what she’d said, it didn’t sound like she’d come over to
bring them an oracle.
“Sister, that oracle just now...”
“The oracle? That was...” She brought her face closer to Suimei’s to
whisper to him. Then, with an impish smile, she said, “a lie.”
“Wha... What?!”
“If I hadn’t said such a thing, the hero would have had the shit—Ahem!
Would have likely been harshly done in by you, after all.”
With that, the sister began giggling. It was like her goal was to protect
the hero.
OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

“I might have lost, you know?”
“Oh my, are you saying that I don’t know what I saw?”
“No, you do have a good eye, it seems.”
Though she didn’t know how exactly the battle would end, to be able to
make such an accurate estimation of the outcome wasn’t exactly clerical of
her. Perhaps it was her instincts as a therianthrope. But setting that aside...
“Even so, is it really okay for you to lie about the oracle? Sister, aren’t
you a follower of the Church of Salvation yourself?”
“Yes.”
“Then...”
And as Suimei said that, Clarissa shook her head to the sides repeatedly.
“Though it may be unbecoming to say as a servant of Alshuna, it’s not
like everything our dear Goddess says is right. And to see your
unintimidated figure stand up so boldly against what you thought was
wrong for the sake of protecting those important to you... I thought it was
splendid.”
“Huh...”
Hearing such unexpected words, Suimei was seized by bewilderment.
Clarissa gently wrapped her hands around his.
“You possess a good heart. Please do be sure never to forget that part of
yourself.”
And with that, the nun took her leave.
★
Under Clarissa’s mediation, Suimei and the others agreed to a match
with Elliot and Christa. And after hightailing it from the Twilight Pavilion,
they moved to a quiet location fairly near their house. Felmenia had an
extremely complicated expression on her face.
“Hahh... This has become quite the outrageous matter.”
No one had expected that they would end up competing over who could
catch the culprit behind the coma incidents faster. Even if it was thanks to
Clarissa’s quick-wittedness, they never dreamed they’d be dragged into
something like this.
“Sorry... Because of my oracle, even Lady Felmenia has gotten involved
in all this...”

“N-No, it is nothing for you to worry about, Lefille! Whatever the origin
may be, all we must do is win this match! Right, Suimei-dono?”
As Felmenia realized that she hadn’t quite phrased that right, she turned
to Suimei. Suimei, however, was just standing there with his arms folded
and didn’t reply to her at all. All he was doing was staring a hole in the
ground. Finding his attitude to be somewhat puzzling, Felmenia called out
to him again anxiously.
“S-Suimei-dono?”
“...Yeah, you’re right. If we do something about the culprit or whatever
behind the coma incidents, well, it’ll temporarily work out one way or the
other, huh?”
Yes, it was just as Suimei had vaguely stated. Even if they won the
match, the problem would only be postponed. The match itself was just a
ruse made up by Clarissa, and it was possible for the Goddess to pass
another oracle down to Lefille. So even if they were successful now, it
wasn’t like the fundamental problem was solved. Conflicts of faith like this
couldn’t be remedied by ordinary means.
Thinking that, Suimei was confronting his own thoughts on the matter.
And as he was drowning himself in a sea of considerations, Lefille
anxiously tugged on his sleeve a couple times.
“Suimei-kun, what’s wrong?” she asked.
“Nothing, I’m just thinking about what we should do. About what we
should be doing first, that is,” Suimei replied.
“As I thought... Should we gather information from the locals?”
suggested Felmenia.
“Good idea, Menia. Can I ask you to do that?”
“Please leave it to me! I came here to be of use to you, after all, Suimei-
dono. Ask me anything that you will! Though there may not be that many
people who will cooperate with our investigation...”
“Well, there’s not much we can do about that. Our opponent is the hero,
after all.”
Yes, it was likely that the citizens of the imperial capital would be
unhelpful. But that was to be expected. Between the hero who would save
the world and the fools who would oppose him, it was obvious who the
people would choose to cooperate with. They probably wouldn’t go as far
as actively getting in the way, but they certainly wouldn’t be any help. That

point was a fairly serious handicap, but... Well, it wasn’t impossible to
compensate for that in and of itself. And while Suimei continued ruminating
over that, Lefille raised her hand.
“Then I’ll also gather information.”
“No, I’d like to ask something else of you, Lefi.”
“Something else... Could it be to search for the culprit?”
“No, no, no. I can’t have you doing that kinda thing as you are now.”
Suimei shook his head in response to Lefille’s question. He wouldn’t
dream of asking Lefille to do anything reckless in her tiny state.
“Then?”
“I’d like you to go around the imperial capital and bring back as many
stray cats as you can.”
“C-Cats? Why do we need stray cats?”
“Well, if we can’t solicit cooperation from humans, then I figured we
might as well get it from cats.”
Having said that, Suimei began explaining his plan.
★
Having each been allotted their own jobs, Suimei and the others split up
for the time being. Unlike Elliot and Christa, they were getting a later start
and didn’t yet have any clues, so they were quite a bit behind straight out of
the gate.
And for that reason, Suimei headed straight to where he’d witnessed
something himself. On the day that Liliana guided him to the library, when
he was returning home, he’d encountered someone wearing a black hood
who was chasing a noble within a pseudo-barrier woven by magicka.
Suimei guessed that someone was likely the culprit behind the incidents,
but...
“Now that I think of it, they were pretty short...”
The shadow that he confronted inside the darkness was short and
slender. Recalling how they’d moved, too, they seemed to have been quite
young. Suimei could guess it was a child. Taking that into consideration,
complicated feelings welled in Suimei.
What’s this about...?
Attacking citizens, putting them into comas, spreading fear. The military

didn’t know what to do, and that culprit was a child. Suimei couldn’t see
their motives at all. And while he was letting such thoughts run around his
head, he could see a large crowd down the path in front of him.
“What the...”
The crowd was astir with chatter. And that noise became gradually
louder. Seeing this unusual phenomenon happening in the middle of a street
with a lot of pedestrian traffic, Suimei was also called forth by the spirit of
curiosity, and jogged over to the end of the street to take a look. As he did,
from within the enclosure of people surrounding something, he could sense
dense mana swelling up.
“This is...”
It was a sensation he was familiar with, a wavelength of mana that he
had just sensed the other day. Yes, this was the unmistakable mana of
Liliana Zandyke. Suddenly, from behind, he could hear fragments of
conversations. “What’s up?” someone asked. “The opponent is a guild
mage,” another whispered. And among all the conversations, Suimei heard
murmurings of “the human weapon,” Liliana’s nickname.
While apologizing to the people around him, Suimei pushed through the
crowd as he was jostled about. Eventually, as he arrived at the front of the
crowd, what came into sight, sure enough, was Liliana Zandyke. He could
see her cold left eye, and what it was looking down on... were the mages
that picked a fight with Liliana the other day.
Unlike before, it seemed that they had taken some severe attacks from
her. Their robes were burned and torn here and there. At a glance, it looked
tragic. It was likely they’d been hit with fire and wind magic that they were
unable to defend against. And it looked like their mana was already dried
up.
“If you’ve had enough... stop meddling with me... already.”
“Shit...”
The one to curse as he straightened himself up was the man with the curt
tone from last time. His eyes still had hostility in them as he glared at
Liliana, but she wasn’t willing to tolerate it this time. She once more let
loose her dense, powerful mana. The area several dozen meters out from her
was swamped in bloodlust. It was so thick that almost anyone could sense
it.
The two mages as well as the curious onlookers likely had goosebumps

from this. The mana was prickling their skin like an acid in the air. That was
the naked manifestation of malice.
And in the end, both the rude mage and the polite mage were left
unconscious and foaming at the mouth. With no mana left, it wasn’t likely
that they would wake up anytime soon. Casting a glance over the two
defeated men, Liliana recalled her mana and relaxed her battle posture.
As she did, Suimei realized that the onlooking crowd was regarding her
sharply. She had completely and utterly defeated these two men and beat
them down until they could no longer stand. It inspired raw fear in the
crowd, if not outright dread and disgust.
It seemed likely the mages had picked the fight again, and Liliana
wasn’t in the wrong. The fact that she was being judged so harshly for
legitimate self-defense was somewhat pitiful. Thinking of throwing her a
lifeline, Suimei approached.
“Yo.”
Hearing his voice, Liliana turned towards him.
“...You again? You seem to appear before me... quite a lot.”
“I could say the same to you. So none of that crap about me stalking
you, okay? Anyway...”
Setting that aside quickly, Suimei looked at the pitiful men on the street
who’d been utterly trounced.
“Did those guys come at you again?”
“That’s right. They incorrigibly came... and challenged me again.
Despite being adults... they’re hopeless idiots. Huge idiots.”
“And you’re pretty unlucky, huh?”
The gaze Suimei cast over the two fallen men was one filled with
astonishment. He thought that if he helped spell out what happened, the
people might take a hint. But he has no such luck. The eyes that stared at
Liliana were unchanged.
Even though the curious onlookers in the front row without a doubt
heard what Suimei had said, they were talking like they hadn’t. “The human
weapon tormented the guild’s mages,” one said. “What a ghastly child...”
said another. “Why is that dangerous brat left at large?” said yet another. It
went on and on. Suimei was baffled. Who would talk about a victim like
that? If anything, they should have been criticizing the adults who’d
attacked a small girl. So what was going on? Did they just automatically

assume Liliana was in the wrong? As Suimei stood there dumbfounded by
the malice around them, Liliana made her move.
“Step aside... This isn’t a show.”
Liliana glared at the crowd with her single eye. With that, the stern
crowd of gawkers gradually dispersed. As they did...
“...Monster.”
Someone couldn’t help getting one last insult in.
“Hey now...”
“It’s fine. If you just keep quiet... after a short while... they will all go
away...”
“Go away? That’s not the problem here. They completely misunderstood
the situation, didn’t they?”
“It’s fine.”
Liliana spoke in a somewhat strong tone as she cast her glance
downward. Even her words were somehow irresponsible, and had a sense of
resignation to them.
“...Are you really okay with this?”
“Yes, it’s the same as always. Users of ominous magic... are detested...
in the Empire. I am—No, no matter where it is... I am so reviled.”
Suimei could hear Liliana’s somehow lonely mutter. She sounded like
she was complaining that nothing could be done about it anymore.
“The department that I belong to... is special. It’s a place that’s easy to
hate... to begin with, so having someone like me there... is convenient.”
It was certainly true that the military had special departments, and there
were inevitably ones that the people didn’t like. An especially large military
courted both domestic and foreign discontent, but if there was an easy target
to criticize, all eyes would just stop there. So was Liliana saying that she
was taking on the brunt of that malice herself?
As Suimei looked around, the receding crowd was still casting glances
at the two of them like they were wild animals they wouldn’t dare shake a
stick at. People were peeking warily out of shop windows and scowling
from the shadows of buildings. All with the same dark, contemptuous light
in their eyes. No one should look at a child that way.
And eventually, just as Liliana said, all the gawkers were gone. Having
suffered through their treatment, Liliana was also about to leave, but...
“Wait a sec.”

“What is it?”
“You’re injured.”
Had she been hit by the mages’ magic? The nape of her neck was
slightly reddened. It was likely a burn or something similar. Suimei walked
up to her, and held his hand up to the affected area.
“What are y—”
“Just keep still for a bit.”
A light green phosphorescence rose from his hand. It was healing
magicka. By Suimei’s healing hands, the inflamed portion of skin quickly
returned to its normal, healthy state. As if Liliana was rubbing something
mysterious, she then put her hand to the nape of her neck that had been
burned.
“...Why?”
“Hmm?”
“Why are you... trying to be kind to me?”
“No reason. I’m just a whimsical busybody. Does that strike a nerve?”
“Yes, very much so.”
What arose in Liliana as she acknowledged that was a sentiment like
anger. And seeing her face in such a state, a helpless sense of pity surged
out within Suimei.
“It would be fine... if you also... just did the same as them.”
“What? Scorn you? Look at you with those eyes?”
“That’s right.”
“Do you really want it that way?”
“That’s...”
“There’s no way you do, right?”
“...”
Liliana hung her head in silence. The strength in her shoulders faded,
and they drooped slightly.
“Can you get back on your own?”
“D-Do not treat me like a child!”
“I guess you’ll be fine then. I also have things to do, so I’m going,
alright?”
With that, Suimei walked off in the direction of where he’d had his run-
in with the culprit.
“Have it... your way,” he thought he heard someone mutter behind him.

★
“I’m back.”
After finishing with his investigation of the crime scene, which bore no
fruit, Suimei returned to his house. Lost deep in thought, he nearly forgot to
take off his shoes and came to a sudden stop at the front door. As he
casually looked deeper into the entryway, he spotted Lefille lying in wait
under the warm glow of a lamp.
“Welcome home.”
“So you got back first, huh, Lefi? What are you doing just standing
around there?”
“I was waiting for you to get back.”
“Me?”
As Suimei curiously questioned her, Lefille nodded as she pointed
towards the bathroom. And as Suimei came to an understanding, he nodded.
She likely wanted him to prepare the bath for her.
The Empire maintained its own water supply, so its citizens could draw
from it at any time. But getting hot water required magic. So getting a hot
bath would either require someone in the house to know the right magic, or
the summoning of a specialist. Obviously, in this house with two magic
experts, there was no need for the latter. In fact, the job of heating the bath
was left exclusively to Suimei.
“But still, is that a reason to just lie in wait like that?”
“Well, when I brought the cats with me, I got covered in hair, you see.”
“Sounds awful.”
As Suimei drew closer, Lefille’s disastrous state became apparent. Her
clothes, her exposed skin, and even her shiny red hair illuminated by the
orange glow of the lamp were all covered in cat hair. It looked like she’d
gotten into a grand scuffle in the back alleys. It was a little pathetic.
“Is that all?”
“Pardon...? Would there be something else?”
Perhaps she was looking for some gratitude? Just as Suimei was
wondering that, Lefille began to pout.
“Oh you... How unreliable... Should I turn you into a walking furball
too?”
“I’m fine as I am, Your Excellency. From here, I’m going to seclude

myself in my lab, prepare all sorts of magickal items, and go through the
book I got from Menia, you see...”
“There’s no need to be so modest. Aren’t we companions? Let’s savor
this ticklish feeling together, shall we?”
“Hang on... Just hold your horses there.”
Suimei objected, but Lefille was in a fairly playful mood.
“It’s quite refreshing to see you shrink away, Suimei-kun. It’s most
amusing.”
“Hey, don’t mess around with me!”
“What’s the problem, hmm?”
Suimei heard Lefille giggle as she threw her arms in the air. She was
fully intent on catching him and rubbing up against him. But just then, the
front door opened once more.
“I have returned.”
“Oh, welcome home, my savior...”
As Suimei said that to Felmenia, who had just come back after having
finishing up gathering information, he put her in front of him and casually
darted around behind her.
“...Is something the matter?”
Unable to grasp the situation, Felmenia looked at him with a blank
expression. It seemed she’d gone all out with her investigation. Her
complexion wasn’t great, and he could see the fatigue in her face.
“Suimei-kun, it’s cowardly to use Lady Felmenia as a shield, you
know?”
“Look who’s talking. You were just about to jump on me.”
“Oh you...”
Based on that, Felmenia seemed to deduce what had happened, and
turned a reproachful gaze on Suimei.
“Suimei-dono...”
“Eeeh, well, all joking aside...”
With that, Suimei patted both Felmenia’s shoulders.
“Menia, how about you have Lefi teach you how to fix the bath today?
You haven’t done it yet, right?”
“Huh?! A b-bath? I do not really... Um...”
In an upset voice, Felmenia began to panic.
“You’re right. This is a good opportunity. Today I’ll teach you the

virtues of a good bath!”
“Nooo...”
Felmenia could only whimper in the face of Lefille’s eagerness. Since
Astel had no custom of bathing, she seemed to be resistant to the idea. Up
until now, she had obstinately refused to be involved with the bath at all. If
she would just try it once, her way of thinking about it would change
instantly, but she wasn’t even willing to do that. And then, as if trying to get
some distance from Suimei and Lefille, who were blocking her escape
routes to the front and rear, she stepped to the side.
“Certainly it doesn’t have to be today, no? There will be any number of
other opportunities...”
“Isn’t that what you said last time?”
“Lady Felmenia, the same excuse won’t work twice in a row.”
With both of them boxing her in, Felmenia was losing ground quickly.
But then, as if she’d been struck with a great idea, she looked at them both
quite seriously.
“To tell you the truth, House Stingray has a family precept that forbids
me from bathing, so...”
“My, is that so?”
It looked like Lefille was ready to swallow her plausible excuse after
hearing the phrase “family precept,” but not Suimei.
“How naive, Menia. In our world, we have magicka to see through lies,
you know...”
“That is unfair! The magicka from Suimei-dono’s world is nonsense!”
“So it really was a lie, wasn’t it?”
“Ah...”
Even though things would have worked out in her favor if she just
persevered a little longer, Felmenia was an upright person at the very core
of her being, and couldn’t keep up the lie.
“Lady Felmenia, you don’t know when to give up, do you? Just resign
yourself and get in the bath with me already.”
“Then in that case, I’ll leave heating up the bath to you.”
“No way...”
Sandwiched between them, Felmenia had no way to escape. After
confirming that her fore and aft were both blocked off, she slumped her
shoulders in resignation. Crestfallen, she was pulled away by Lefille.

After a short time, while Suimei was trying to decide where all the cats
would go, he happened to walk by the dressing room and could hear the
rustling of clothes. It seemed that the bath had been heated up, and all
preparations were complete. And just then...
“What?!”
“...What is the matter, Lefille?”
From the dressing room, Suimei could hear the surprise in Lefille’s
voice and the confusion in Felmenia’s. He thought something was wrong,
but...
“B-Big...”
“Huh?”
“Tch, those may just be more than I had in my original form...”
Just what was she so shocked to see? Suimei was clueless, but Felmenia
seemed to figure it out.
“I don’t really understand... but is this about my breasts?”
“That’s right. Exactly what did you eat to grow like that, Lady
Felmenia?”
“Nothing in particular that I am aware of...”
“Are you trying to keep it a secret? That won’t work!”
“It’s alright. In time, yours will grow big too, Lefille.”
Felmenia kindly remonstrated Lefille, but Lefille mustered her
competitive spirit.
“I-If I were to return to my original form... Um, I wouldn’t be... quite as
big as you, but...”
“Original form... you say? You’ve been speaking of such a thing for
quite a while now, but just what do you mean by that?”
“As a matter of fact, this childish form I inhabit right now isn’t my true
form. In truth, I’m both older and taller than you.”
“U-Umm...”
Felmenia expressed perplexed hesitation at this declaration, at which
Lefille grew somewhat angry.
“Are you saying that you don’t believe me?!”
“What? No, that is not the case. I believe what you’re saying. Given
time, you will grow, after all.”
“You don’t believe me at all, do you?!”
In the end, until she actually returned to her original form, it seemed like

no one was ever going to believe her.
“Grrr...”
Just based on the dissatisfied tone in her voice, Suimei could picture
Lefille’s pouting cheeks, but...
“...Eavesdropping is in pretty bad taste.”
Suimei had unintentionally gotten engrossed with their conversation,
and though somewhat late, he realized that listening wasn’t something he
should be doing. And then, just as Suimei was going to walk away...
“Lady Felmenia, sorry, but just bear with me.”
“What is—What?!”
“Ugh, this elasticity is devastating...”
“Wh-What exactly are you doing?! Please don’t grab me like that!”
“This is just a little examination... Hmm?”
“Wh-What is the matter—Eek!”
“Lady Felmenia, you have a little bit of flab that can be grabbed around
your hips, you know? Isn’t this quite bad?”
“I-I don’t need to be told that! Wait, I’m telling you not to grab me!”
“Sorry, that was rude of me.”
Suimei realized they were both naked behind that door.
“Two, three, five, seven, eleven...”
Listing off prime numbers, Suimei turned bright red and retreated.
★
They were there, lurking in the darkness. Their dark robes made them
indistinguishable from the darkness around them at first glance. A short
shadow and a tall shadow. Moving across the sleeping city like they were
flying, they darted hither and thither as if sewing the darkness together.
Keenly suppressing their presence as they searched for their prey, they were
surely hunters.
Suddenly, the short shadow stopped. As if directly opposing Newton’s
laws, it stopped cold as it leaped through the air, and landed on top of the
laid out bricks on the ground without breaking their silence.
“What’s wrong?”
“No, it’s... nothing.”
Following that, the tall shadow landed beside it. The answer the short

shadow had given may have just been a lie. The reason the short shadow
stopped was because they found fault with a living creature on top of a wall.
No, the reason they stopped may have been because the creature had found
fault with them.
Sitting atop the wall much higher than anything else around, both of its
eyes were open as wide as they could be. Its pupils shined with a glare as it
stared right at the short shadow. It was a cat. A stray cat that lived in the
imperial capital, which had caught the short shadow within the two yellow
lights of its eyes.
“Prrrrr...”
It began purring. Just what was that supposed to signify? The cat stood
up on its fuzzy legs and left without a sound. The tall shadow then placed
its hand on the shoulder of the short one.
“Let’s go.”
“...Yes.”
Demonstrating their agreement, the tall shadow followed the short one
as they began moving again. Of course, they were moving towards
accomplishing their goal. The target this time around was said to be passing
through the outskirts of the high class district. The source of that
information was the taller shadow in the rear. Yes, the tall shadow always
brought dreadfully accurate information. The short shadow was
accomplishing their goal by using that. It was likely that the tall shadow
possessed an information network that even surpassed the Empire’s
intelligence department. The target this time around was someone who’d
gotten away before because an unrelated party had gotten in the way.
“It’s in this area. Set the net.”
Hearing those words, the short shadow nodded without any opposition.
And just as asked, the short shadow wove together the spell quickly. And
just as they were about to begin the chant...
“Meow.”
“—?!”
Hearing a cat’s meow at such an unexpected time, the back of the short
shadow trembled slightly with surprise. Quickly turning around, they could
spot a cat sitting behind them. Had it crept up on them without a sound? It
was snuggled up against the wall of a building, and just like the other cat
before, it was staring dead at the short shadow. Completely fixated. As if it

was carefully monitoring their every movement. A dark cloth was wrapped
around its arm, so was this one somebody’s pet?
Stopping the use of their magic for a moment, the short shadow took a
single step towards the cat. However, the cat was unperturbed. It only kept
its dilated pupils completed fixated on them. They took a step forward, and
the second cat finally seemed to sense danger. It stretched out with what
appeared to be a yawn, then it turned its back to them and left.
Just what was that? They didn’t understand what the cat’s expectation
was, but pulling themself together, the short shadow invoked dark magic.
Obscuring the light in their surroundings, it was a spell that weakened one’s
sense of vision. With this, discounting any coincidence, their target would
no longer be able to escape.
And before long, said target appeared. Had he had his fill of spirits and
wine? His footsteps were unsteady, and he didn’t even notice that he
entered their darkness. The job this time around would be easy. All the short
shadow had to do was cast magic on a drunk, a trivial matter. Just as they’d
done with the others, they would cast dark magic on this man.
And when their dark business was concluded, all that was left was the
detestable noble unconsciously sprawled out on the laid brickwork.
With that, one more sprout of anxiety had been plucked away. Just a
little more... If they repeated this just a little more, all obstacles that blocked
that person’s path would be gone.
The short shadow unwittingly let out a sigh of relief, and just as they
turned around...
“As expected, the second player is a step behind, huh?”
That voice came to them.
★
Having their senses lured by that voice, the short shadow turned around
and spotted a young man who appeared to be in his late teens. He was of a
medium build, and at a glance, seemed to be extraordinarily common. But
still... there was something about his look that was truly extraordinary. Just
a step behind, the tall shadow also turned towards him.
Why...?

Why was he here? That thought dominated the short shadow’s mind and
threw it into chaos. Why... Why was that man right here right now?
They’d met before. This was the man who bewildered them in the streets
of the imperial capital. Suimei Yakagi.
It was as if coming here was his goal, and he grimaced as if he’d arrived
late. It made it look like he’d come precisely to stop them from achieving
their goal. And he wasn’t alone. There were others who appeared together
with him in the darkness. Behind him was a small figure the small shadow
recognized, and a woman with silver hair that they didn’t.
These were unexpected intruders. The short shadow didn’t know the
reason for their appearance, but there was no mistaking that these intruders
came to capture them. However, since their work had already been
completed, the shadows had no business with the intruders. It wasn’t a good
idea to leave them be, however, after they’d been spotted.
“...I’ll leave the rest to you. You can manage on your own, right?”
“Yes.”
A single word of agreement was returned to the tall shadow, who
implied getting rid of the intruders.
“Ah—Wait!”
Realizing one of the shadows was taking flight, the silver-haired woman
raised her voice and immediately exchanged looks with Suimei Yakagi.
However, after seeing the tall shadow assimilate into the darkness with a
sidelong glance, Suimei seemed unconcerned and prioritized the
unconscious noble.
“It’s fine. Don’t give chase. I’ll leave that geezer to you two.”
“R-Right.”
After she acknowledged his request, she rushed over to the man together
with Suimei Yakagi’s other companion, the red-haired girl.
“So, is it safe to assume that you’re the culprit behind the incidents?”
“...”
“If you keep silent, then I’ll just assume you are.”
The shadow had no intention of answering. They had met and
exchanged words with Suimei Yakagi before. Even if they used magic to
change the tone of their voice, when they had to activate their magic, their
voice would reveal their identity. It would be a different story if they used
the language of the soul like when using the mysteries which dwelt within

them as if chanting the spell from within, but right now, they would not
commit such a folly.
Then Suimei Yakagi slowly raised his arm and took a posture like he
was about to snap his fingers. That was the technique that had destroyed the
magic staff of the mage from the Mage’s Guild. They did not understand
how it worked, but the moment he snapped his fingers, magic of the wind
attribute would activate, causing the air to explode. It was advanced magic
that appeared simple. The lack of a chant and keyword was one thing, but
the time from the spell’s construction to the activation was extremely short.
A dreadful combination that was quite useful in combat.
The reason he raised his arm so slowly was to throw off their sense of
anticipation. Since this was a world where everything could be over in the
blink of an eye, not knowing when an attack would come meant relying
entirely on one’s senses to dodge or defend.
Snap!
“...Urgh!”
As the shadow tried evading by jumping to the side, the space to their
side burst at almost the same time. However, it seemed that there was a
direct connection between Suimei’s gaze and his fingers, which formed a
straight line to where the effect would occur. If they hadn’t seen it before,
they wouldn’t have caught on, and likely would have been blown away
immediately.
But now was no time to dwell on such thoughts. Anticipating they would
be thrown off balance, Suimei Yakagi was already running towards them.
He was fast. He wasn’t using some sort of special magic to reinforce
himself, but the speed he was running at was still significant.
“Permutato, coagulato, lotum artificium existito.”
[Transform, coagulate, become fine craftsmanship.]
The shadow could hear Suimei mutter a few more words as he ran.
“Arma Argentum Vivum.”
[Mercurial Arms.]
With that, the liquid in the reagent vial in his hand divided into two
points and transformed into a metal staff. When he then twirled the staff
made of silver metal, a whistling sound like the wind being cut by a whip
rang through the air. The tip of the staff was unerringly headed straight for
the shadow, and the speed that he was running at did not slow down in the

least. Despite being a mage, he had frightening combat experience. In
response, the shadow wove dark magic.
“Oh Darkness. Tear down the curtain which covers heaven and fall.
Then grind, beat, strike, and crush my enemy, bringing them down to earth.
Darkness Punisher.”
A darkness of a completely different nature than the black of the night
sky spread out overhead. Then the blackout curtain that seemed to stretch
out over them came crashing down like it would flatten everything below.
Just as it was about to reach the young man blessed by a favorable wind, he
took decisive action, jumped to the side, and slipped out from beneath it by
a slim margin.
The shadow manipulated the blackout curtain and twined it around. As if
he was grabbed and pulled by some invisible giant’s hand, the young man
made an evasive maneuver in the air that appeared to defy all logic. Suimei
Yakagi landed safely, but the look on his face was a puzzled one.
“Hey, what’s with that technique?”
There was no way the shadow would reply to that question, but the
silver-haired woman behind him made known the true identity of the magic
that had just been used.
“Suimei-dono! That is magic of the darkness attribute! Not only that, but
it’s considerably powerful!”
“Darkness attribute...?”
It seemed that the man before the shadow’s eyes, Suimei Yakagi, had
never seen dark magic before this. He seemed skeptical at what he was even
hearing. It was clear he didn’t know the darkness attribute well, so this was
a good opportunity. But just as the shadow was thinking that, the young
man’s mouth began to move.
“Mea acies est facta invisibilis, sed est instar adamantinum acre, et
demergit meus inimicum in sanguis.”
[My blade is invisibly made, however with sharpness like steel, it
drowns my enemy in a pool of blood.]
At the same time a magic circle took form at his feet, a sound like
something was being cut reached the shadow’s eardrums. It was a different
sound than the metal staff whistling through the wind. No, the sound that
slipped into the darkness was like the sharp ring of a blade as it coldly cut
through the stillness of the night. This was some sort of sword in empty

space. However, no matter how much the shadow strained their eyes, they
couldn’t see it, which meant it hadn’t just slipped into the shades of the
evening. If it couldn’t be seen in the first place, the only option was to feel
it.
Immediately sharpening their senses, strengthening them, and casting
them like a net of threads into their surroundings, they dodged. They were
not movements to dodge a sword, but movements to evade incoming
arrows. As the first one passed by the shadow, the ground behind them was
scarred by a slash. And this repeated multiple times. However, while they
were in the middle of an extremely nimble dance, the young man began
chanting once more.
“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore.”
[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment.]
The spell that he was weaving was, as expected, something the shadow
had never heard before. In that case, they would respond in kind.
“Oh Darkness. Ye who deludes all and drives them mad, give form to
temptation. Guide all those far and wide who take hold of the blackened
snake to ruin. Hand of Frenzy.”
The spell they wove was a specially made magic. An original which
used the darkness attribute. By using its special characteristic, it would
destabilize an opponent’s spell and cause the phenomenon they were
bringing about to become uncertain. Magic that was made uncertain either
wouldn’t activate, would bring forth a different phenomenon, or would turn
on its user. And from any of those outcomes, if the opponent were to
anticipate it and make adjustments to try and correct it, the spell would
harm them directly. Or it was supposed to...
“Tch—Resonato! Repercussum qui flagitat discordia, convertit in
fluctuationem et in ventum dispareto!”
[Resonate! Take the echo which calls forth discord and disturbs the
peace, convert it to instability and vanish in the rumbling wind!]
Suimei Yakagi interrupted his original chant and cut in with an entirely
different one.
“Harmonies Aeolia!”
[Tuning wind!]
And as those words rode the wind, a change certainly occurred.
“Wha...?!”

The moment the darkness imitating a snake coiled around the magic
circle rose into the air, both the snake of darkness and the magic circle
turned into light and shattered to pieces. What was illuminated as the piece
of light scattered like confetti was the figure of the young man standing
there like nothing had happened.
He was safe, which meant he managed to defend against the dark spell
completely. But that was impossible. The thing known as magic, once
activated, was something the Elements themselves took control of. That
meant that there was a certain part of every spell that not even its caster
could control. The spell the shadow had used made use of that and used it
against their opponent... So if it didn’t work, did that mean the Elements
weren’t involved? Even if that was the case for argument’s sake, that meant
this man precisely controlled everything about the magic he used... In other
words, it was magic that didn’t require the Elements.
While the shadow was taken by surprise, Suimei Yakagi swung his
empty right hand to the side as if flinging away the surplus mana that was
left on his arm.
“Phenomenon Mixer.”
“...?”
“It’s the magickal law that you used just now. Though it’s true that you
didn’t use it perfectly... Good grief, despite not even knowing basic fucking
magicka theory, you sure got some nerve to do that crap...”
The way he was informing them of such like he was spitting out abuse
was likely his way of showing admiration. And following that, a chill
dominated the area. Did he now completely recognize the shadow as his
enemy? His eyes were sharp, and the pressure in the area grew. The shadow
had thought this back when he defeated the members of the Mage’s Guild,
but as expected, Suimei Yakagi was a considerable master.
He could activate high-level magic in a short amount of time, and even
steal the magic his opponent cast and had control of to use it as is own. His
true strength likely rivaled that of even the Elite Twelve. He may have even
surpassed them.
“Primum et secundum moenia, expansio localis.”
“—?!”
A golden magic circle rose up into the empty air as if it were a shield to
protect him. Suimei Yakagi then began moving. The shadow reacted to his

bold step forward and tried to retreat. But having read that move, he
accelerated at an impossible rate from his initial velocity and closed the
distance between them.
Close combat wasn’t the shadow’s specialty, so they wove a chant
together rapidly. Suimei Yakagi was about to snap his fingers, but perhaps
realizing something was up, he abruptly escaped from where he was.
His reaction was fast. While still in the construction stages of the spell,
he was able to devote himself to evasive action without any hesitation. Just
what kind of senses did he have to be able to do such a thing? That sort of
reaction was practically foresight.
And even as the shadow was thinking such things, they could see that he
was already taking countermeasures, too. A magic circle once more floated
into the air. However, it was not just one... or even of one variety.
A double chant? No, this was...
“Illustre carmen. Ad viginti transcribito. Invocato Augoeides!”
[Illustrious spell. Transcribe up until number twenty. Invoke Augoeides!]
“Ugh!”
Spears of light that were not of the light attribute came rushing in like a
sudden shower. Having allocated dense mana to the spell, did he then
change it into a means of attack? Not only that, he had prepared multiples
of the same thing, and then activated them all at once... Was he a monster?
The shadow just barely dodged the slanting rain of light. They dodged, and
had to counterattack.
Yes, they had to defeat these people in their way. For the sake of that
person. That’s why they felt nothing for their own safety. Even though they
judged that plunging in would be far too risky an act, once the shadow saw
that the cloud of dust kicked up from the shattered brick was clearing away,
they ran towards the young man as if to slip past him. However, he saw
through even that. Suimei Yakagi was right in front of them, his metal staff
transformed into the shape of a sword, before the shadow knew it.
Charging in just as they were nevertheless, the shadow was planning on
striking the tip of their ebony staff against the inside of the sword. Since the
shadow always watched that person’s sword techniques, they had
confidence they could handle this young man. There was not a single
person in the Empire who surpassed that person in swordplay, after all.
However, Suimei Yakagi’s sword was no ordinary sword.

As the staff struck and repelled the sword, unexpectedly, it didn’t leave
its owner’s control. As if drifting, it fluently drew out its trajectory. Using
the energy of the points of the two staffs the shadow pulled out to strike, the
sword in his hand performed one revolution as its sharp point drew a
shining circle in the air.
A magic circle. The light of the mana which rose up was a shining red. A
flame spell.
By the time the shadow realized it, the magic circle was complete, and
the blade pointed towards them reflected in their eyes. They could tell it
was aimed at their collarbone, and so managed to evade the thrust. But the
magic was a different story. In such a situation, there was no means of
defending against it. What could they do? The shadow could feel heat
coming from the magic circle. It was magic of the fire attribute. Right
behind light, it worked well against darkness, an attribute that boasted of
strong destructive power.
“Urgh!”
While bracing for the heat and pain to assault their body, the shadow
clenched their teeth and threw their body down on the brick sidewalk.
Using that momentum, they rolled across the ground without any regard for
their safety. But thanks to that, the flame only licked their robe, and they
had taken practically no damage.
The level of the impromptu magic was several levels below the one
from before, and though it was infantile, the shadow was saved by its light
body that could carry out a tight turn. The silver-haired woman then called
out to Suimei Yakagi.
“I shall cover you.”
“It’s fine. More importantly, I’m leaving that geezer and Lefi to you. Be
careful of changes in mana and phenomena in the surroundings. Stretch out
your domain to the sides so that it doesn’t stand out.”
“This is...”
The silver-haired woman looked around. And shortly thereafter, after a
quick blink, both her eyes shot wide open all of a sudden. What they had
perceived was surely none other than the black of a different nature than the
darkness brought by the night.
So Suimei Yakagi had noticed it? The black haze concealed by the
shades of the evening. As one would expect... Even though the shadow was

trying to sink them into the darkness while they were unaware, he was
mindful of it. But even though he was capable of stealing another’s magic,
it didn’t seem that he could interfere with magic of an unfamiliar attribute.
Dyed in the haze made by the dark magic, the moon could be mistaken for a
flawless black pearl. And the moment that the silver-haired woman returned
a nod to Suimei Yakagi, the shadow began weaving their spell.
“Oh Darkness. Thou shalt now creep out of the chaos from whence thou
hide. For the sake of demonstrating thine power. I will seek no retribution.
Nor shall I show anger. And thus—”
And what was added on to the chant there were the forbidden words to
enhance dark magic.
“Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron... Hateful Red
Retaliation.”
“Ex primo ad quartum, omnis regio aegis!”
[From the first to the fourth, all area defense!]
Suimei Yakagi folded up the same type of golden magic circles as before
into a semi-sphere that expanded them around him. Darkness and light
collided. The rotating magic circles scattered shrill noise and luminescence,
and managed to defend against several of the bands of darkness, but...
“Ugh—”
From Suimei Yakagi’s mouth, a slight groan of anguish leaked out. The
darkness that seeped through his goldish shield swarmed around his left
arm. And as the most definitive proof his safety was finally threatened, the
shadow could spot a bead of cold sweat slipping down the bridge of his
nose. The spell was a success. It was the first time one of their attacks had
actually reached him.
However, even after a while, Suimei Yakagi did not collapse. Against a
dark magic spell of such destructive force, the sharp pain and the physical
weariness that crept across the affected region like crawling bugs and the
despair that violated one’s very nerves should have made any opponent
twist their face in anguished screams. Suimei Yakagi remained, however,
with his two feet planted firmly on the ground and was staring at the
shadow intently.
“Are you...”
Were there words of hatred for his enemy to come? No, what came next
was...

“Are you manipulating this kinda thing... like you are...”
Anger and pity were mixed in awkwardly with his misgivings.
Was there a reason to ask such a thing after all this time? The shadow
was a master of dark magic. They used magic that ate away at their own
body like worms, and with that power, they would bring down all who
would impede that person. It was obvious. To the shadow, this was
completely natural. Something they had to do. Yes, everything, absolutely
everything was for the sake of protecting that person...
For the sake of protecting that person, did I wound him with my own
hands?
“—?!”
And just then, the shadow realized something. Yes, the line that they
should never have crossed. Who was this? This man wasn’t one of the
nobles who threatened that person, was he? So why... why would he not just
settle down and do as he was told? Suimei Yakagi was a man who’d called
out to the shadow with a gentle voice. A man who’d tried to make sure they
weren’t alone. And here he was, that same man... After everything he’d
done, had the shadow really fired off dangerous dark magic that could have
easily taken his life?
“Hey, wait—!”
By the time they realized that, the shadow was running away from him.
★
It was unexpected that Suimei was struck by his opponent’s magic.
Immediately after the short shadow retreated into the darkness, Felmenia
and Lefille came running over to him.
“Suimei-dono!”
“Suimei-kun!”
Even as they approached him, Suimei continued to intently watch the
black haze tenaciously coiling around his left arm. And seeing him like that,
Felmenia called out to him again.
“A-Are you alright? It appeared that you were struck by that dark magic
just now, but...”
“Yeah, I ate it. It fucking penetrated the rampart.”
Saying that, Suimei showed his left arm to Felmenia. Where his glove

and cuff were, there wasn’t anything unusual, but the portions of his arm
that the black haze coiled around were blackened and looked like they had
lost moisture.
“Th-This is...”
“They got me good. Seems that attack is probably classified as a
particularly strong destructive force, even among other astral attacks. And
it’s not just effective against the astral body. There’s a large fucking
influence showing on the physical body too.”
As Suimei said that, his face became grim. Lefille then stood on her
tiptoes and took a look for herself.
“Will this be alright?”
“If I leave it as it is, it’ll rot and crumble.”
“Wh-What?!”
“I-I-I-I-Is that not a serious problem?! Qu-Quickly, restoration magic!
No, is that even something that can be fixed by restoration magic?! Ummm,
what to do, what to do, what to—?!”
After hearing Suimei’s grave prediction, Lefille raised a surprised voice,
and Felmenia lost her composure altogether as she fell into a frenzy.
“Hey, calm down, Menia.”
“Is this something you can even be calm about?! Rather, how are you
able to remain so composed, Suimei-dono?!”
“That’s right, Suimei-kun! Necrosis is not a trivial matter, you know?!”
“It’s fine, I’m telling you. Since my astral body was done in, it just
means that even if I use healing magicka, it won’t go back to normal right
away is all.”
“Is that so?”
After Suimei nodded back to Lefille, Felmenia let out a grand sigh of
relief. His arm was wrinkling up and looked pretty bad, but in reality, the
condition—Well, he still couldn’t say that it wasn’t bad. Just based on the
fact that his astral body had been damaged, it could be said this was a
serious affair. Since it wasn’t just a normal wound, it would require a
considerable amount of time to heal properly. He wouldn’t be able to use
his left hand for a while, it seemed. And as Suimei once more lowered his
gaze to his left arm, a patrol whistle rang out.
“...The military police, right?”

★
It was a little after the military police came running over well past the
eleventh hour and demanded to know what had happened. While they
questioned Suimei and the others about why they were present at the scene,
the military police seemed to have indirectly heard about the situation
Suimei and the others were in, and they were able to get through the
questioning without any problems.
After giving the police a summary of everything that seemed necessary
and just leaving the rest out, the military police went about investigating the
scene. But even that seemed like they were just pretending to look around.
As Suimei casually watched them, he could see they were restlessly
moving around, but obviously not making any progress with their
investigation. In the end, it seemed that they did not have a good
understanding of dark magic either. Even the consultant who eventually
arrived from the Mage’s Guild could only just shake their head.
And while that was going on, the blockade formed by the military police
at the back of the scene had become quite noisy. Before long, the crowd of
military policemen split, and a single man wearing a military uniform came
through.
“What a coincidence. I had heard that there was someone who
challenged the hero, but to think it was you.”
It was a familiar voice. Suimei and Lefille recognized this man. He was
the one they’d seen at the church, and the same man Suimei had seen take
Liliana away by the library.
“If I’m not mistaken... We met the other day, did we not? You appear to
be someone from the imperial army, but why are you here?”
And as Suimei asked him that, the man closed his eyes without a single
change in his expression.
“I have no need to give you an answer to that. There is only one thing
you need to do now, and that’s to tell me what happened here. Nothing
more, Suimei Yakagi.”
Had he heard Suimei’s name from Liliana? He spoke to Suimei in a tone
that almost sounded like a command. Suimei fixed the disheveled portions
of his clothes and returned an answer.
“My apologies, but would it be alright for me to ask your name?”

“I am a colonel affiliated with the imperial army, Rogue Zandyke.”
It seemed she’d heard that name before, and Lefille knit her brow in
surprise. She then muttered what seemed to be a title.
“One of the Seven Swords...”
★
With a bitter orange backdrop emitted by the mana lamps that felt like it
could burn one’s eyes, many shadows were restlessly moving about. It was
the site of a coma incident. Suimei and the others who happened to be
present were sent back home, and in front of Rogue, who was watching the
military police continue their investigation, a small shadow wearing a
military uniform appeared.
“Where have you been, Liliana?”
Rogue called out to her without even turning to look at her, and Liliana
replied in a stiff manner.
“I was just... feeling the night breeze... a little...”
“I do believe I told you explicitly not to go outside needlessly.”
“My... apologies...”
Hearing Rogue’s reprimand, Liliana shrank back, seeming even smaller
than normal. Seeing Liliana contract like that—like it was an illusion of her
physically shrinking—Rogue spoke again without changing his expression
at all.
“Fine. Have you heard of the situation?”
“I have heard... most of the details... from the military police. I have a
grasp of it.”
“I see. From the state of the military police, how does it look to you?”
“It is... the same as always. The target of the culprit... was another noble
with a bad reputation... and without doing any serious investigation... they
punch in their time day and night... and seem to just be betting on whether...
the hero will do something about it.”
“A bad reputation... you say?”
As Rogue repeated her words in a way that was unusual for him, Liliana
nodded back. The military police were the same as always. They had no
motivation whatsoever with regards to this case. But that was expected. The
upper echelons of the Empire and the Church of Salvation made their move

first, so the military police had no real gusto to attack this job.
Even the hero who was added to the investigation recently was unable to
make any proper use of the military police. The second player was only just
falling behind. To her, the hero and the nobles posed no threat whatsoever.
Yes, after innocently returning to the scene of the crime, that’s what she
thought, but...
“It may be convenient to me, but because of this, recently those around
me have been noisy.”
“Colonel...”
Was that grumbling because he was racking his brains on the adverse
effects the incident had brought about? Yes. The noble that she defeated
today, as well as all the nobles that she had defeated up until now, were all a
bunch that thought lowly of Rogue, who’d risen through the ranks as a
commoner. If they just looked down on him, it would be one thing, but they
were even maneuvering to bring Rogue down and finish him off. If those
types of people were all dragged into the incidents one after the other,
people were bound to get suspicious one way or another.
That was trouble. But if she were to fear that and be negligent with
them, one day Rogue would be crushed by the jealousy and envy of those
damned nobles. That’s why, no matter what happened to her, for the
Colonel... Yes, for the adoptive father who picked her up and raised her...
With that, Liliana hardened her resolve and apologized to Rogue in her
heart.
“Liliana.”
“Y-Yes.”
While she was immersed in thought, Rogue suddenly called to her and
exposed her failure to pay attention. However, without reprimanding her for
it, he spoke as if staring into the darkness at someone who’d vanished.
“About the one from before, Suimei Yakagi...”
“Is there something... about that man?”
“I want information about him. Make contact and investigate him.”
Hearing that unexpected order from her adoptive father and superior,
Liliana returned a puzzled question.
“With... Suimei Yakagi?”
“Correct. It seems that he came in contact with the culprit of the

incident. He said that he ran into them coincidentally while investigating.”
“Colonel, do you think... he is the culprit?”
“I do not believe he is. I am just curious.”
“...Fully understood, Colonel.”
Acknowledging Rogue’s order, Liliana followed after him as he barged
into the investigation of the military police.
OceanofPDF.com

Chapter 4: Anti-Magicka Dark Magic
In the few days since making contact with the culprit behind the coma
incidents, Suimei hadn’t slept a wink between treating his arm and
investigating dark magic. He was now in a corner of the grand library the
Empire boasted of, scowling at the spines of books.
“Dark magic, right...”
Dark magic. From what he had heard from Felmenia, the authority on
magic in this world, it was particularly difficult to wield among the eight
attributes, and was believed to be special for that reason. Since Felmenia
also wasn’t an expert on the subject, her knowledge on it only extended to
the conditions and effects its spells caused. And though there was someone
who used dark magic even in Astel, because they were the type to not get
involved with others much, she’d never had a chance to learn about it in
great detail.
That being the case, even after coming to the Imperial University
Library with its extraordinary collection of books, grimoires on dark magic
were few and far between. And even then, they only ever said things like
that it was magic which manipulated darkness, or that it was heretical
among the Elements, or that one couldn’t use it unless they had a strong
affinity for it, or that it destroyed the caster’s body. There was practically
nothing that could be used as reference.
“...”
Suimei unwrapped the bandages around his left hand and took a peek.
Penetrating through the brilliant golden fortress’s ramparts, the spell that
had injured his body was a black haze tinged with the raw essence of
moisture—darkness. His hand and arm that were hit with it appeared to be
completely dried up, and now had blackened bruises rising up on them. Just
what was this?
Fire, water, wind, lightning, earth, wood, and light were all existences
with substance, the Elements. When it came to darkness, it was something
that couldn’t be characterized as energy or substance.

Normally, when speaking of darkness, it was something that absorbed
light, or was empty space where nothing existed. In that sense, darkness
was the absence of light, so it wasn’t like the thing known as “darkness”
had its own presence.
It was certainly true that things like dark matter and dark energy existed.
They were, so to say, things that had to exist to prove the correctness of the
laws of physics, apparent substances and apparent numbers that existed on
top of theory.
If one were to consider those things darkness, there was a technique to
create them. Using complex numbers with numerology, one could join
together numbers which didn’t exist in the world and manifest that which
did not exist, after all.
However, in this world where mathematics had not yet developed that
far, things like the concept known as complex numbers discovered in
modern times and apparent numbers probably didn’t exist. And even if they
manifested, they would never bring about the same effects as dark magic.
Another possibility was the absolute nihility—the avidya. But it’s wasn’t
like they could manifest it here, and moreover, dark magic was an attack
which had a direct effect on the astral body. It wasn’t something that could
be inferred by normal ways of thinking.
The ability to interfere with spells, the power to obstruct light, an astral
attack that could deal direct damage to the astral body... Did a single power
which combined all those characteristics really exist in the world?
Wondering that, a laugh naturally spilled out of Suimei’s mouth.
“Heh heh heh...”
Yes, this was it. This was one of those times when he found himself
slammed into a wall while pursuing the mysteries. This was precisely when
he was able to feel that he was truly pursuing the unknown. Exactly because
such things existed, he could stretch his hand out into the domain of
impossibility and truly feel that he was a scholar of the mysteries. It was
validating and confirmed his goals. In the end, he had to continue pursuing
it. Dark magic. Everything.
The level of civilization in this world was relatively humble compared to
his own world. In that case, when it came to the common sense of theory
and law here, it was necessary to put himself on that level. An age where
heat was based on phlogiston theory. No, even further back than that. Based

on that, what could there be?
To perform what was commonly referred to as an astral attack, it was
mainstream to use Goetia. Borrowing the power of a mystical existence, it
attacked the astral body that human hands could not normally reach. This
also applied to hexes from witchcraft, ancient Gand magicka, and yin-yang
arts. Coagulating thoughts in the negative direction, they could easily bring
harm to the spirit of another, or even their soul. Yes, in a spell. However, all
the magic in this world functioned on the premise that the Elements were
involved. He couldn’t think of any exceptions to that.
But, at the time, what was going up my left arm was surely resentment.
That was right. When he spoke out unintentionally back then, he was
sure he felt it. Just what that dreadful sensation assaulting his nerves was.
That power was certainly the negative power known as hatred and
resentment. It was something that humans should never use in its raw form.
And he remembered his hatred for those spells that didn’t take into
consideration their own user’s body. That tiny body. Probably a child. Yet
they still wielded such power.
Suddenly, the image of Liliana popped into his head. Was there
something to the fact that she had roughly the same childish features as the
culprit? If that were the case, was this not where he should step in and
correct her path down to the proper one of a magician?
My head is a mess, huh? I need to put it in order.
His thoughts were becoming incoherent and illogical. But this was
relatively common. People tended to see connections and patterns, even
where there weren’t any. It wasn’t that Suimei had divined the identity of
the shadow. His brain was just on rapid fire. Liliana wasn’t that shadow, and
she wasn’t the dark magic user behind his attack. She wasn’t walking down
the wrong path of magicka.
“Su... mei... no!”
That’s why he had to think hard. Right now, he had to focus on dark
magic. It was definitely the power of negativity. In that case, what did it
mean that it used the Elements? No, for starters, did it even use the
Elements? Perhaps that premise was false in the first place. If that were the
case, the spell that manipulated it... By going up the stream of the history of
the mysteries, it had to be...
“...Suimei-dono!”

“A-Aah, Menia?”
Hearing a loud voice right next to his ear, Suimei suddenly lifted up his
head, which had been cast down deep in thought, like he was jumping to his
feet. It was Felmenia that had called to him. She continued to speak to him
in a somewhat astonished tone.
“Just Menia, huh? Just what is the matter with you?”
“Nothing, I was just doing a little thinking is all.”
“Augh... Was I being a nuisance?”
She sounded apologetic, but Suimei simply waved his hand and urged
her towards the corner of the desk where he’d been camped out to do his
research. And then, while organizing the magickal items he’d brought to
read grimoires, Suimei asked her about the information gathering he’d
tasked her with continuing.
“So, how was it?”
“Well, I was not able to muster all that much from my side.”
“I see. As expected, people aren’t cooperating, huh?”
“It seems that the pious residents of the city have the ear of the others,
and things are being stifled a bit in that regard.”
Felmenia made a bitter face as she spoke. Just as Suimei had expected, it
seemed it would be difficult to gain any ground by talking to the
townspeople. It would be the most they could do to get a few cooperators to
keep their ears to the ground.
“Though the people from the military police were relatively
cooperative.”
“Why’s that?”
“It seems that the military police have cause to think poorly of Elliot-
dono.”
“Oh?”
“A little before we began our match against the hero, you’re likely aware
that the hero was added to the investigation, but... When it was decided that
he would join, it seems the military police were also made to cooperate with
him. Using the Church of Salvation and his title as a hero, he simply had the
military police hand over all of their information.”
Certainly, hiding behind the Church and his title as the hero was a useful
ploy. Though it was undeniable that it would be a great annoyance to
anyone he played it on.

“Well, from what I heard from the military police between their drinks
and sobs, they were saying that all their hard work is credited to the hero.
There were many of them who were unhappy, but that is likely why Elliot-
dono is able to progress as he has.”
The hero Elliot. The only time Suimei spoke with him was at the
Twilight Pavilion, but it seemed he had much more of a serious personality
than Suimei thought. Because he had the Church under his thumb, Suimei’s
investigation was at a standstill, though the person in question probably
wasn’t fully aware of what he’d done.
“So, what, are the military police using us to retaliate?”
“It seems that they are even taking bets on how it will end.”
“They really have zero motivation, huh? Even though it’s their fellow
countrymen being harmed...”
Enticed by the sigh that Felmenia let out, Suimei twirled his index finger
as he shoved it into his temple. Felmenia then continued as if that wasn’t
the end of the story on the military police’s apathy.
“There seems to be more regarding that matter, but I will report on it
after I have grasped what is behind it.”
“Got it. Also, what happened to that noble that was there when we
showed up?”
“It seems that he is currently recovering in his own home, but just like
the other victims, he remains unconscious.”
The man who was probably struck by the short shadow’s magicka was
immediately taken away by the military police, so Suimei hadn’t gotten any
details on his condition. After he finished investigating, should he look into
it himself?
“I see. I’ll leave the follow-up to you.”
★
After hearing Felmenia’s report and taking a short break, they settled
down side by side in chairs at the library. Suimei then casually brought up
something he suddenly realized.
“Come to think of it, we can communicate without any problems and I
can even read the books here...”
Suimei realized that he had been involved with books and conversation

quite a bit lately. From the strange way Elliot talked, to the fact that he
could read books in a library written in a completely different language...
“It is because of the blessing of the hero summoning. I recall talking
about this once before, I believe.”
“Yeah, I just realized that I wasn’t really paying attention then. I missed
all the details, but effectively, why are we able to communicate?”
“Those who are summoned by the hero summoning ritual automatically
have a spell cast on them to translate language, but regarding that, it’s based
on the knowledge of the one who performed the summoning.”
“Oh?”
“In your case, that would be me, but... If there’s something you know
that coincides with something that I also know of, then the words will be
translated. If it’s something that you’re unfamiliar with, the word will be
untranslated but match how you would pronounce it. And of course, if it is
something that I do not know of, it will match our pronunciation but remain
incomprehensible.”
Which meant that there was a limit to the translation based on concepts
that were or were not known. It was true that back when Suimei fought
Felmenia, the words “barrier magicka” were completely unknown to her.
That was likely a limitation of the translation. With regards to dark magic, it
wasn’t something Suimei was familiar with, but even in this world, it was
probably just a mashup of the words “dark” and “magic,” which was why
Suimei heard it that way. And while Suimei was ruminating over these
thoughts, Felmenia thrust out her ample chest with some sort of pride or
self-confidence.
“In other words, the one who is helping Suimei-dono with conversing,
reading, and writing is none other than me.”
While she was beaming expectantly beside him, Suimei let out a simple
sigh of admiration and thanked her. Felmenia then moved the topic to
something she’d forgotten to ask since she arrived.
“Come to think of it, Suimei-dono, how is your investigation coming
along?”
“Terribly. There’s not the eensiest, teensiest thing that I can use for
reference here.”
As he pretended like he was ready to give up, Felmenia made a
somewhat disappointed expression. She was melancholic. But seeing that

she’d misinterpreted his joking manner, he put on a serious face to make it
clear it had been a joke.
“But as far as countermeasures go, I’m in the middle of thinking about
it.”
“Countermeasures?”
“Yeah, that and just what on earth that magic was.”
“When it comes to dark magic, there is much about it that is not yet
known, but... Can you analyze it using only the knowledge from your
world?”
“I don’t think it can’t be done. There is no such thing as a matter in this
world that cannot be explained, after all. Well, I at least have my eye on
something.”
Suimei spoke with just a hint of optimism. From all the information he’d
gathered, he’d gotten a lead and thought he might be on to something. He
just needed to observe it once more for himself to be sure. And then,
Felmenia spoke up while tilting her head just slightly to the side.
“I have something else that’s been on my mind in regards to that.”
“What is it?”
“The words used at the end when that dark mage chanted their spell... I
have never heard them before. Ummm...”
Felmenia grimaced when she was unable to pull those strange words up
out of her memory. Instead, Suimei recited them for her.
“Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron... Right?”
“Ah, yes, that was it. Those words. I have no memory of ever hearing
anything like them. Just what were they...?”
Felmenia’s voice tapered off as she spoke. As her pensive expression
grew more and more stern, a voice called out to them from behind.
“Excuse me. May I bother you for a minute?”
As the two of them turned around, they were met with the sight of a
male library employee with a pale complexion. He was an acquaintance of
Suimei’s who he’d met when he first came to the library.
“Mr. Librarian, huh? I’ve been making use of all sorts of materials here
again today.”
“Yakagi-kun... was it? I see you are as enthusiastic as ever.”
As if praising Suimei’s diligence, the librarian responded with a smile.
Suimei flashed a somewhat complex smile.

“Well...”
And as he responded to the man, Felmenia spoke up. She wasn’t
acquainted with him.
“One of the forest people? Suimei-dono, this man is...?”
Forest people was probably a way to identify elves. Since the librarian
had introduced himself as an elf, it was likely a colloquialism.
“This is Romeon-san who works here as a librarian. When I came here
before, he gave me a tour of the place.”
“Is that so? How unusual. I have heard that the forest people in general
do not involve themselves with humans much.”
Felmenia knit her brow as she looked at Romeon like he was something
peculiar. And hearing what she said, the librarian returned a bitter smile.
“I am often told that I am an eccentric. I left the forest I was born in to
make a living, after all.”
From what he said in a self-deprecating manner, it seemed the ways of
elves of this world were similar to the stories of elves that often circulated
in Suimei’s world. They lived in forests and were quite insular. But the
matter of elves aside...
“By the way, did you need something?”
“No, I was just passing by and heard you were talking about dark magic.
It caught my interest.”
Hearing that Romeon was drawn in by curiosity, Felmenia opened her
eyes wide as if this was unexpected.
“Do you know of it?”
“Yes. Well, I have spent some time with it before, so I’m somewhat
familiar.”
★
Interested in the talk of dark magic, Romeon ended up sitting down at
the desk opposite Suimei and Felmenia. And he took his seat, he
immediately cut to the point.
“Dark magic... To put it briefly, among the eight elements—fire, water,
wind, earth, lightning, wood, light, and darkness—it is a most powerful
magic. No, most fiendish may be a better way of putting it though. And so,
why are the two of you looking into dark magic?”

“It’s just... this thing, you see.”
As he spoke, Suimei undid his bandages. Upon seeing Suimei’s hand,
Romeon’s expression changed to one of surprise.
“This is... So that’s why you are investigating dark magic, is it...?”
Romeon corrected the position of his glasses, which had slipped a little,
with his finger and let out a grim groan. It was Felmenia who posed him a
question next.
“If you can understand that much from seeing it, does that mean that you
are also aware of the symptoms?”
“Before coming to this library, I worked as a magic doctor, so I have
taken on the task of treating those stricken by dark magic. Yakagi-kun, may
I take a closer look?”
Having no real reason to object, Suimei nodded and held out his
unbandaged left arm. And after Romeon closely observed it for a long
moment, he let out a sigh of admiration.
“...The condition has stabilized, I see. Normally after being struck by a
powerful, encroaching dark magic spell like this, it would have reached all
the way to the core of your body by now... Yakagi-kun, did you do this
yourself?”
“Well, all I did was apply a healing spell I know.”
“No, it was quite a splendid treatment method. I have never even seen
such admirable medical care before.”
After Romeon said that, his expression then changed completely. He
looked quite severe as he asked his next question.
“Where were you that you were struck by dark magic?”
“The culprit behind the incidents that are shaking the city right now used
it, you see.”
“You... were attacked?!”
Suimei and Felmenia summarized the situation for him. About how they
ended up in a competition with Elliot due to the oracles of the Goddess, and
how they made contact with the culprit a few days ago. Quietly listening to
all this, Romeon’s expression remained grim.
“Is that so? So such a thing... Certainly, I’ve heard of the rumors about
someone going up against the hero, but to think that it was you...”
After drawing a long, fretful breath over the situation that Suimei and
the others had fallen into, Romeon corrected his posture in his seat and

looked earnestly at Suimei.
“Though it may not be my place to say so, please stop.”
“Stop... searching for the culprit?”
“Yes. It is likely not something for an outsider like me to be telling you,
but if the culprit is a master of dark magic, then your opponent is far too
evil. If you took a less fortunate blow from dark magic, there’s of course the
chance of contracting a fatal affliction, but you very well may lose your life
from the shock alone.”
“Even so, I have two of my comrades at stake.”
“But there is no replacement for your life, is there? Certainly it would be
dangerous to go with the hero as well, but...”
Saying that, Romeon took a glance at Felmenia. Having heard his frank
opinion, a complicated expression floated up on her face.
“Also, just earlier, you recited the word ‘Baybaron,’ did you not,
Suimei-kun?”
In response to that question, Felmenia knit her brow and raised one of
her own.
“Even regarding that...?”
“Regarding that word, I remember having heard it quite a long time ago,
you see.”
“If you know of it, could you perhaps teach us about it?”
After Romeon nodded heavily at Felmenia’s request, he slowly began
speaking.
“It is something called a savage name.”
“A savage name, you say?”
“Yes. Savage names were born into this world at the same time dark
magic was. They’re cursed words that are said to have been lost in ancient
times, and when used with a special attribute—in other words, when used
with the attribute of darkness—they have the effect of amplifying its
power.”
“Amplifying?”
“Yes. It’s said that dark magic with such words added to it attains
several times the destructive force of regularly fired magic. I am guessing
that the master of dark magic you spoke of added that word to their chant.”
“Then they were...”
“Yes, I do believe it is likely they’re capable of using substantially

powerful dark magic.”
As Romeon made that declaration, Felmenia swallowed her breath.
“So let me say so once more: please stop this. No matter how many lives
you have, it will not be enough.”
“But this is something that we must do.”
“For the sake of your comrades?”
Suimei nodded at Romeon, and perhaps having given up on trying to
convince him further, Romeon let out a somewhat exasperated sigh.
“Then I understand that it will be impossible for me to dissuade you.”
“Forgive me. We even had you teach us about dark magic...”
“It’s alright. But absolutely do not forget the danger of dark magic.”
Shortly after that, Romeon excused himself and returned to his duties.
“Dark magic and savage names... Suimei-dono?”
Felmenia tilted her head as she grimaced in deep thought. And then,
while she muttered as if uttering some matter of distress, she looked
towards Suimei, whose gaze was wandering somewhere far away.
“Savage names... huh...”
★
Since their last encounter, the culprit was still at large and had claimed
another victim. Today, Suimei was walking around the city on his own to
memorize the layout of the imperial capital, and was looking for cats on the
side.
The military police, the hero, and Suimei’s group. Perhaps because the
people investigating the matter had multiplied, the culprit seemed to be
striking less often, which made nighttime investigations less fruitful.
Because of that, deciding that he wanted to solicit more cooperators,
Suimei was looking around alleyways, thickets, vacant lots, and the like.
And then, while scooping up the second cat he’d found, Suimei emerged
from an alley.
“Come on, quit nibbling me. Even if you gnaw on my finger, it isn’t
tasty, now is it?”
Just what was it so happy about after being stroked once? Suimei was
slightly troubled by the cat who was playfully biting at the index finger of
his right hand. The way cats chewed on things for fun was fundamentally a

toned down version of the fatal bite they unleashed on their prey. But the
cat he was embracing now was so relaxed that it just seemed like it wanted
to be pet more. As Suimei pondered this, a familiar face appeared before
him.
“Suimei Yakagi...”
It was unmistakably Liliana Zandyke.
“Ooh, twintail eyepatch girl, huh? Long time no see.”
“Twin... What? What is with that... incomprehensible nickname?”
“Well, it kinda... At any rate, what a coincidence running into you here.
What, did you end up wanting sweets after all?”
Suimei lightly joked around with her, but Liliana didn’t seem to be in
the mood. She responded to him with a suddenly frightening aura.
“You’re wrong.”
“So it’s not sweets?”
“That kind of thing... doesn’t matter.”
“Then what’s up?”
The air about her was tense. It was something she always had, but this
was somehow different from usual. She then turned her discerning eye on
Suimei’s chest, and her composure crumbled. For against his chest, Suimei
was clutching two cats.
“K-Kitty... Here, here.”
“...Huh?”
And as Liliana spread out her arms as if telling him to hand over the
cats, she drew closer.
★
After being begged to by Liliana, Suimei handed over one of the cats he
was carrying, and the four of them were now settled down on a bench near
a fountain.
“Meow, meow, meow, meow...”
But Liliana didn’t pay Suimei the slightest bit of attention as she
mimicked a cat’s meowing and innocently played with the cat he’d given
her. Looking at her from the side as she held both front paws of the cat and
made it dance to that famous nursery song, she seemed as happy as if she
were in the middle of an early afternoon paradise. On her face was an

uplifting and brilliant smile that Suimei had never seen her make before.
“Meow, meow, meeeow!”
With that, as Liliana finished the rhythm, she hugged the cat snugly. She
really seemed to love cats. Seeing her with one was quite adorable. Seeing
that she’d completely forgotten that he was even there, Suimei called out to
her.
“Looks like you’re having fun, huh?”
“H-How long... are you planning to stay there... Suimei Yakagi!”
“I mean, until you return the cat to me?”
Liliana replied with a perturbed expression.
“Return this child... to you?”
“Yeah.”
“Isn’t this child a stray? It’s not... your cat. Why are you trying to abduct
this kitty? Depending on your answer... I’ll give you the death penalty in
military court, you know?”
Just what did she mean by ‘abduct?’ As she pierced Suimei with a cold
and scornful glance, she even went as far as to threaten his life. It was rather
barbaric of her. After all, Suimei had properly gotten a meow of consent
before bringing the cat along. Well...
“Why, you ask? Because I wanted to pet a cat.”
“Hmph... Is that so? If that’s it... then fine.”
Seemingly approving of his motives, Liliana once more engrossed
herself with playing with the cat. He really couldn’t get his head around
what had convinced her it was okay now. But either way...
“You really like cats, huh?”
“Not just kitties... I also love doggies. All animals... are good children,
after all.”
Liliana then posed a question to Suimei, but kept her eyes on the cat in
front of her and didn’t look at him at all.
“I heard... that you are having a match with the hero... to catch the
culprit behind the incidents, right?”
“Yeah, I’m surprised you know that.”
“Information... naturally reaches... my ears.”
That was likely because she was affiliated to the army’s intelligence
division. And as Liliana spoke of that without an air of pride about her, she
continued with a follow-up question.

“Why... did you get involved... in something like a match... with the
hero?”
“Well, that’s ’cause my two companions are at stake.”
Suimei stated what he thought everyone already knew, but...
“If the Goddess says so, it’s fine to just... leave them to the hero, right?
That way... you won’t get dragged into trouble, and it should be easier... for
you. Also, an oracle from the Goddess... is not all that common.”
“That’s quite the cold way of putting it...”
“It may be cold... but it stands to reason.”
“Reason, yeah...”
As Suimei was indifferently parroting her words, Liliana turned a
slightly irritated expression towards him.
“Doesn’t it? Also, I’ve heard about it... but what’s wrong... with that
hand?”
“So you also heard about this too? Yeah, I got done in good by that
culprit.”
When Suimei said that, Liliana lowered her gaze to the bandages around
his left hand.
“...It’s in... bad shape... isn’t it?”
“Well, not really. It’ll get better pretty soon.”
“Get better...? It’ll get better?!”
“Hmm? What, is it something to be surprised about?”
Sensing that Liliana was unexpectedly surprised, Suimei turned the
question back over to her. He cocked his head to the side, but Liliana
abruptly averted her gaze.
“N-No, I just heard... that it looked rather bad... from the Colonel...”
“I see. Well, regardless, I’m not going to change my mind.”
“Do you... even understand? Up until now, the culprit has... laid their
hands on many people. They’re a dangerous criminal. It’s better if you...
withdraw.”
“What’s that? You’ve been snapping at me about this for a good minute
now. Could it be that you’re worried about me?”
“That’s not really the case,” she retorted in no time at all.
“I’ve been told something similar recently, but if I had any intent of
dropping out halfway, I wouldn’t have accepted the match in the first
place.”

“Why? Why do you... obsess over it to that point? Moreover... if it’s
something necessary to save the world—”
Was she saying that it was normal to just give up? For the sake of the
many, sacrifice the few? With an impending crisis threatening the world,
maybe that was the pervading logic.
“Before that...”
“What is it?”
“Let go of it. That’s enough, right?”
Suimei pointed at the cat that Liliana was still hugging. She hadn’t
realized it, but the cat was swishing its tail left and right.
“Cats, you see... When they’re generally unhappy, they’ll wave their
tails like that. It’s probably a little hot from being hugged.”
“...Do you not like it?” Liliana asked the cat in a disappointed voice.
She then reluctantly let it go. It inclined its head to the side and began
observing Liliana. It seemed that the cat was interested in her, and wasn’t
too terribly mad at her. Realizing that, Liliana regained the sparkle in her
eye as she affectionately gazed at the animal.
“About... the question before though...”
“Let’s see. About why I’m opposing the Goddess and hero, was it?”
Liliana nodded. And after letting out a sigh, Suimei eventually replied.
“Hey, do you have something you want to protect?”
“Something... to protect?”
“That’s right. That’s what those two girls are to me.”
That was it. He had no choice but to do it. Felmenia came to help him
even though there was no benefit in it for her, and Lefille’s case didn’t even
need to be explained. To him, those two girls were without a doubt what he
had to protect.
“I don’t... really understand. I can’t see the need... to go so unreasonably
far...”
“So you don’t get it? Let’s see... For example, how ’bout your family or
something?”
“...”
Somehow, Suimei felt like he could hear a voice with no sound.
“What’s wrong?”
“I don’t... have any family.”
Her voice grew colder as she spoke those few dejected words. Had he

stepped on her tail or something? He wasn’t sure what roused her ire, but if
he recalled correctly, he was sure that she at least had a father. Suimei had
met him at least three times, the soldier with swept-back hair.
“That guy... is your father, right?”
“Before the Colonel is my father, he is my superior.”
Just what did that even mean? Even if they had that kind of relationship,
during times of peace, wasn’t he a father first? And just as Suimei was
about to ask that, Liliana cast her gaze down and guessed his question.
“The Colonel is not my real father... I was abandoned by my real
parents, after all.”
“...Is that so? Sorry. Was it something I shouldn’t have touched on?”
“Not really.”
Still, Suimei apologized again. He then gave her the answer to the
question she’d pressed to him.
“Well, my relationship with those two may not be all that deep, but
they’re truly important to me.”
“That’s why... I’m saying it’s reckless. You’ll die an early death... as an
idiot.”
“That’s a super mean way of putting it, seriously.”
“But... even I...”
“Hmm?”
“It’s... nothing.”
Deciding it was fine in the end, Liliana shook her head. Suimei nodded
in response and brought that conversation to an end. He snuck a glance at
her, but the sparkle in her eye earlier was gone, and she seemed
absentminded. The cat held out its front paw to her, and she continued to
play with it and keep it company. She did so halfheartedly for a while
longer, and while looking around, Suimei spotted a nearby food stall selling
frozen sweets. He got up, walked over two it, and bought two servings.
“Here. As thanks for last time.”
Realizing that he was handing one to her, Liliana looked up with her
sleepy-looking eye.
“I thought I said... I didn’t need it.”
“Well, whatever. You won’t lose anything from taking it, so just take it
already.”
“I don’t need it.”

“I already bought it, so...”
After hanging her head in silence for a short while, she eventually raised
a melancholic voice to him.
“Why do you... treat me kindly?”
“Even if you ask why...”
“You should also just treat me cruelly... like everyone else does... Just
deal with me... as something unpleasant.”
It was dark. Her eye, along with any and everything reflected in it. She
was in pitch black darkness. She was abandoned and reviled. Her words
told Suimei how people really treated her, and he’d seen a glimpse of it
himself.
“Aren’t I ominous? Despite being tiny... I possess mana that can harm
others... And I am aggressive towards anybody. That’s why...”
“Does everyone treat you like they did that time on the street?”
“In the Empire, I am a symbol of fear. A great dark light... created to
hide the shadow of the intelligence division.”
“That’s why people like me don’t exist, you mean?”
“That’s right. There are no people like you. Other than the Colonel...”
As that mouth spurred on her twisted will, she gradually lost her
composure. Liliana dejectedly slumped her shoulders and fell silent.
“He doesn’t seem like the kind of person to chat about anything
needless, but he’s a good person, huh?”
As he summed up his impression of Rogue, he took out the soft dried
meat he had in his pocket and gave it to the cat.
“But... isn’t it painful?”
“It is my job. I can’t refuse it... just because it feels unpleasant.”
“That’s why you’ve resigned yourself to your current situation?”
“I’m the Colonel’s pawn. If I reject my military duties... I will lose my
place in the world.”
There was no way a twelve- or thirteen-year-old could know her future’s
course.
“All we’re talking about is me.”
“Do you want to hear about me instead?”
“...Why are you in the Empire?”
“There’s just a little something I want, you see.”
“Where did you learn... that strange magic?”

“My father taught me.”
“How did you find... the culprit?”
“By coincidence while I was searching for them.”
“...”
“What, is this an interrogation? Were you told by that Colonel to probe
into my disposition or something?”
“Something like that.”
Liliana answered plainly with a somewhat guilty expression. Was she
saying that there was no reason to hide it? But not a moment later...
“What a coincidence, Suimei Yakagi.”
As Suimei turned in the direction of the voice that had called out to him,
he was greeted with the sight of Elliot.
“Aah, the hero...”
Was he on a stroll? Or maybe it was part of his investigation. It was a
strange encounter.
“Are you in the middle of a break? You seem to have quite the surplus of
free time, I see. Perhaps your investigation has completely stagnated?”
“Do you have the leisure to sell your oil in this kinda place? I heard you
haven’t had much luck in terms of accomplishing yourself, you know.”
“Could you not get carried away just because you found the culprit by
coincidence once? Are you not sitting here yourself, playing with animals?”
It was a rather sharp-tongued exchange, but there was no sense of
hostility between them. Elliot seemed to have come over just to give his
greetings, and thanks to the conversation Suimei just had with Liliana, his
heart had cooled down quite a bit. He wouldn’t flare up like last time.
“Is that magic priest or whatever not with you today?”
“It is not like Christa is always together with me. She has her own time
as well. Incidentally, you seem to be with yet another girl here, I see.”
Having said that, Elliot turned his gaze towards Liliana.
“You sure react to women quite a lot, huh?”
“Is it not healthy for a man to react?”
“Well, you’re not wrong.”
Suimei shrugged his shoulders at Elliot’s joke, and Elliot snorted like he
found it unpleasant. He then looked at Liliana again.
“So, who is she?”
“She’s not a companion, alright? She’s an imperial soldier. She’s

interrogating me about a cat abduction.”
“There is no mistaking that you were caught red-handed. You will do
well to have yourself taken to prison.”
“Says you.”
Suimei stuck out his tongue, and giving him a sidelong glance, Elliot
pointed a smile towards Liliana. Despite dealing with the hero, she created
a wall of animosity and mana around her. Elliot seemed somewhat taken
aback by that, but he didn’t really lose any of his composure.
“My, am I hated?”
“Who knows? This one’s always like this, so I can’t tell.”
Suimei gave a noncommittal reply. Suimei really didn’t know Liliana’s
opinion of Elliot. Watching her play with the cat, Elliot called out to
Suimei.
“Hey.”
“What?”
Did he have something he wanted to ask? Suimei responded in a blunt
tone, but Elliot replied in all seriousness.
“Let me ask you once more. Why do you go against the words of the
Goddess Alshuna? Even if, for example, it is because the oracle is beyond
understanding, is it not the will of the Goddess of the world you all live in?”
“Conversely, I want to know why you who comes from another world so
blindly accepts the word of this world’s god.”
“It is not like I am blindly accepting it or anything. It is just that I
thought it was something I must do, so I took it on. That’s all.”
Elliot spoke as he looked far off into the cloudless sky. The way he put it
sounded somehow familiar to Suimei...
Reiji was also like this, huh?
Even his good friend Reiji had a similar sense of responsibility to this
second hero’s. He’d stubbornly said that it was for the sake of the people of
this world. Suimei started thinking they had that in common, but just what
did that...
“The Goddess Alshuna is the god who created this world, right?
Omniscient and omnipotent, I hear she protects the people from evil. Just
take that much into consideration. Are you saying that the will of such a
noble being is meaningless?”
“A noble being, huh?”

Suimei sounded like he’d just heard a bad joke and was scoffing at it. As
for Elliot, who was being quite serious, that made him a bit angry.
“Is something strange about what I said?”
“Strange? Of course it’s strange. Omniscient and omnipotent? Noble?
What? Are you trying to say some crap like it’s a deity full of innate
goodness or something? Like hell those guys are that kinda noble being.
Every last one of those fuckers mercilessly cut down all those who wouldn’t
benefit them, you know? You’re really holding on to some delusions about
gods...”
“Delusions, you say? I must say your statements seem to carry no
weight.”
“...That may just be so. But in truth, even you don’t know, right?”
Elliot was unable to say anything back to that.
“So that’s how it is. Like hell I’ll bend over backward for some
existence that nobody truly knows.”
“Certainly, you may have a point after all.”
Hearing Elliot accept that train of thought, Suimei looked at him with a
strange face.
“What is it?”
“Nothing. I’m just surprised. From the flow of the conversation, I totally
thought that, just like your attendant, you were gonna go on some tirade
about how nonbelievers are the enemy or whatever.”
“Even I understand full well of the presence or absence of faith in
others. In my world, there is not just one god, you see.”
In response to that, Suimei waved his hand indifferently towards Elliot.
“That so? Then it’d really help if you took that into consideration over
the oracle thing.”
“This and that are different matters. I do not understand what
significance there is in her being with us, however, if it is needed to save the
people of this world, then she should come.”
“That again?”
“Everything in this world is engaged together with the gears known as
fate. There is not a single matter that holds no significance.”
“Maybe so, but our match or whatever has ended up being a pretty
strange twist on this, huh?”
“If you find it troublesome, then you should just withdraw.”

“Don’t be stupid.”
Suimei spat right back at Elliot for every one of his comments.
Seemingly giving up on trying to convince Suimei, Elliot clapped his hands
together once as if saying that was the end of their conversation.
“I can tell I have been a bother. I’m glad that you are someone who can
be talked to after all. However...”
Elliot paused for a moment as if he were carefully choosing his next
words.
“I do hate you.”
“What a coincidence. I also find you nasty.”
As if slipping by in the opposite direction he’d come from, Elliot walked
right past Suimei without another word. Had he come just to confirm
whether or not Suimei was someone who could hold a conversation? Or had
he just come to announce that they couldn’t get along?
While Suimei was warily pondering Elliot’s intentions, Liliana’s long
glove got caught in the claws of the cat she was playing with. When she
tried to pull her hand away, it pulled her glove down. Suimei saw her
exposed arm and hand.
“—?!”
Liliana immediately rolled her glove back up to hide her arm. It seemed
Elliot hadn’t seen what was underneath that glove.
“What is the matter? Are you alright?”
Elliot was too late to catch a peek, but Liliana had no reply to give him.
And after looking towards Suimei in a somewhat panicked state, she
immediately turned her back to him.
“Excuse me!”
Watching her get smaller as she ran off, Suimei was unable to call out to
her. For the hand under that glove was just like the skin of a demonized
human—blackened and altered as if it had goosebumps.
★
“Is it true that you figured out who the culprit is, Suimei-dono?!”
“Suimei-kun, is that true?!”
Felmenia and Lefille’s surprised voices rang out in their living room.
After returning home, Suimei had given them the news. They both dropped

what they were doing and came running over immediately. Felmenia was in
the middle of studying magicka and hadn’t paid her personal appearance
any mind, while Lefille had several cats clinging to her as they dangled
down. Suimei nodded back to them in a complex mental state.
“...Yeah.”
“What’s wrong. Suimei-kun? If you found the culprit, isn’t that a good
thing for both us and the country though?”
“That’s true, but also not... How do I put it?”
Suimei let out a heavy sigh with a difficult expression on his face, and
Felmenia looked at him in puzzlement.
“What do you mean?”
“I told you before that I ran into Liliana, right? And while searching for
cats, I ran into her again today...”
As the two girls listened silently with intense concentration, Suimei
unraveled the gist of the postulation he’d arrived at. As he slowly moved his
mouth, the outline of what he should be doing gradually took shape in his
head. What he believed in, what he had to accomplish... What he had to do
as someone who held people dear in this world, in light of all this, to come
out on top of this competition with the hero. No, it wasn’t even something
that he really had to put that much thought into this late in the game. Just as
he had been all along, if he lived earnestly, that was all that mattered.
And when everything came together, what resounded deep in his heart...
“Save the woman who can’t be saved.”
Were the words of his father.
★
Nighttime. One of the culprits causing the coma incidents in the imperial
capital, the short shadow—Liliana Zandyke—based on information from
the tall shadow, was headed to bring down “the noble who would bring
harm to Rogue.”
Although she was leaping through the night, she was also gathering
mana to put to use the domain of darkness and turmoil. In other words,
making preparations to construct that spell she was quite familiar with by
now. Turning a blind eye to the restless sensation deep in her heart, she
landed without a sound on her own shadow cast by the full moon.

At times like this, she had to wonder... Had she landed on her shadow, or
was it the other way around? Was it one or the other? When she used
powerful magic, she would sometimes lose herself in such thoughts. That
darkness-colored human cutout, or the figure that was illuminated by the
moon—just which was the real her?
Casting her eyes down, she looked at the warped shadow on the rugged
rooftop. Somehow, it seemed to be flashing an evil grin. She knew that it
was nothing but a delusion, but it may have been precisely because of that
that her heart was restless.
The tall shadow who preached their goal, sometimes in a whisper, was
not with her right now. It seemed they had their own business to take care
of, so she was taking independent action today. In general they moved as a
unit of two, but it wasn’t all that rare for her to accomplish her goals on her
own like today. She didn’t have the support of the tall shadow, but because
she had experience participating in imperial military operations, she wasn’t
anxious. If anything, this job was a mere trifle. Her target was someone
hardly worth considering an opponent. The military police and the hero
were unable to find her. But she still had one lingering anxiety. If Suimei
Yakagi showed up like he did last time, things wouldn’t be so
straightforward.
“...”
Liliana recalled what happened that afternoon, and came to a stop atop a
roof. On Rogue’s order, she had made contact with Suimei Yakagi and
carelessly let him see her arm. Under her long gloves was the
transformation that progressed with every use of dark magic. Her horrid
hand and arm.
When he saw that, just what did he think? In the end, did he also think
she was a monster? Thinking back on it, aside from Rogue, he was probably
the first person who’d ever spoken to her kindly. Talking to him was the
most she’d ever conversed with anyone.
Descending from the roof, she removed her eyepatch and looked at her
reflection in a glass window lit up by the moon. What was reflected was her
face, her left eye, and one other thing... Something that no human should
have. A right eye that was just like that of a dragon. Her eyelid was covered
in small black scales, and her pupil that was standing vertically was long
and narrow. The portion of her eye that was supposed to be white was all

golden. Any who saw it would scorn her. A monster, they said. Even her
real parents were no exception.
If Suimei saw it, would he continue talking to her as he had been? He
was different from everyone she knew. He’d never raised a harsh word
against her. He was gentle. Suimei Yakagi. He could give off a rough and
tumble impression, but he was really just a busybody who smiled at her
gently.
When next they met, she would be happy for him to treat her the same
way. That would mean their current relationship could be maintained. And
that was exactly why she didn’t want him to look for the culprit. She didn’t
want him to search for her anymore. He might not be able to give up on
those important people to him, but all that meant was that if she were never
caught, there would be no winning or losing.
That’s why, here and now, she prayed he would not appear.
“Meeeaaow.”
“...”
Suddenly, as if cold water had been poured on her, a meow brought her
to her senses. There was a cat sitting atop a wall, all its attention focused on
her as it sat there with its tail wreathed around its body.
“Huh—?”
And that’s when she realized. There were a great many eyes in the
darkness around her. Yes, she was surrounded by the golden glinting of cat
eyes. She looked around. Cats. Cats. Cats. On top of walls, in the shadows
of buildings, on the rooftops, in the branches, on the brickwork sidewalk...
They were all over, just peering at her. Where had they come from? Just
how were they looking at her as she hid herself in such darkness? Just what
exactly was going on? Each and every one meowed at her. The eerie chorus
of so many cats and the glinting of their eyes oppressed the darkness in the
area.
But before long, the meows came to a sudden stop. When they did, the
first cat she’d seen opened its mouth. And though it opened its mouth wide
as if to meow once more, no sound came out. Instead it seemed to yawn,
and Liliana felt like she could hear its voice.
“...It couldn’t be!”
She recalled a similar encounter and came to a realization. That night
that Suimei Yakagi appeared... Back then too, she’d caught sight of several

cats. And she’d seen him collecting strays today. The stray cats of the
imperial capital, who avoided humans like the plague, were so docile with
him... She’d never even thought about what he was using them for.
She didn’t know what kind of wiles he’d used to enlist the support of
cats. It was possible he was using them as informants. But Suimei Yakagi
used magic that she didn’t know about. He was an opponent beyond the
norm.
“You people... No matter what, you deny the mysteries right before your
fucking eyes.”
Those words he’d spat out at the members of the Mage’s Guild came to
mind. And indeed, it was just as he said. The idea of impossibility was
nothing but shackles to a mage. So if she believed that the silent voice of
that cat had been calling out to him, if the cats were conveying her location
to him...
By the time she realized it, the cats had all dispersed. And in their stead,
beyond the gently sloping path that she turned around to, she could see the
silhouette of a human figure peeling away from the darkness. It wandered
over like it was leaving a dark violet afterimage in her eye. It was more
sinful than the darkness that she used. Something that only one who
obtained wisdom beyond knowledge could wield.
“So we meet again...”
The shadow that appeared—Suimei Yakagi—quietly spoke as he
approached. It was not the relaxed greeting that he would usually give, but a
tone that conveyed a sense of pity.
Liliana half gasped and half sighed. In the end, he hadn’t given up. Even
though she’d told him to, though in a roundabout way. Yes, today when they
met this afternoon, she’d told him that it was dangerous to get involved
with her. That he wouldn’t just get away with light wounds the next time.
“Sorry ’bout that. You went out of your way to warn me, and it was all
wasted effort.”
Hearing him say that, she felt like her thoughts were being read, and her
heart skipped a beat.
“Hey, you’re Liliana, right?”
And just as her heart settled down from the previous shock, that question
hit her. How did he know? She was never imprudent in hiding her identity.
However, his eyes were filled with conviction when he asked. Those eyes

said he wasn’t mistaken. That it would be useless to feign ignorance.
“How... did you find out?”
“You know, one way or another.”
And despite his ambivalent wording, his answer was direct and with no
hesitation. He followed up by asking her a question of his own.
“Why are you doing this kind of thing? Even if you’re part of a special
department that manipulates information, there’s no way causing these
incidents is part of your job as a soldier, right?”
“There’s no need... for me to tell you that. About why I’m doing this,
about myself... None of it concerns you. If you want to hear it no matter
what... then...”
With that, Liliana manifested the mana that she had been accumulating.
In an instant, the surroundings were dominated by dense mana. The brick
walls of buildings and the very road began bubbling as if exposed to
chemicals. She was prepared for battle. And he also seemed to know the
meaning of that.
“Ask by force, is it?”
Having discerned that answer, without responding to her mana, Suimei
Yakagi began speaking without hesitation once more.
“Even so, there’s something I want to tell you.”
“To quietly... get caught? Or that... what I’m doing is wrong?”
“No. Whether what you’re doing is right or wrong isn’t for me to judge.
If you don’t tell me whether the guys you cast magic on are bad, or whether
you’re bad, then ultimately I have no way of knowing, and whatever I have
to say about it wouldn’t be a reason to stop you.”
“Then...”
“But still, there’s something I don’t approve of. And that’s the magic
you’re using.”
“Dark magic...?”
“That’s right, Liliana. At the very least, stop using that magic. It’s
something humans should never touch for the sake of remaining human.”
“On what basis are...”
“If it’s a proper reason you’re after, I do have one. And if you want to
hear it, I’ll tell you.”
“You don’t have any right... to say that to me. I will just do... what it is
that I must. That’s why...”

Yes, that’s why... she would she strike him down here? To defend
herself, using the excuse that it was for that person’s sake, would she cast
dark magic on him again? Even though he wasn’t one of those nobles who
were her enemies?
“...Ugh.”
With all those thoughts spinning in her head, her chanting lips faltered.
Was this really okay? The dark whirlpool of doubt threatened to consume
her. But she’d already chosen her path and started to run down it. And until
she finished running down this path, or until somebody stopped her, there
was no going back.
“Oh Darkness. Thou art the fleeting black which paints this world far
and wide. Mix into magnificence, transform it all to sinisterness, and pluck
the sprouts of fate. Olgo, Lucuila, Ragua, Secunto, Labielalu, Baybaron...”
After the chant, she hummed the savage names, and then let fly the
keywords of her spell.
“Transient Hope.”
Immediately following that, all the shadows and darkness of the night
coalesced in the form of swelling spheres. The many bubbles rising up in
the air began to blot out the townscape, the stars, and all the light. Though
they took irregular trajectories, they all flooded in unerringly towards
Suimei Yakagi. He watched the bubbles come for him without a hint of
impatience. He then calmly opened his mouth at the right moment.
“ΑΣΚΙ ΚΑΤΑΣΚΙ ΛΙΞ ΤΕΤΡΑΞ ΔΑΜΝΑΜΕΝΕΥΣ ΑΙΣΙΟΝ...”
He was then buried in the dark bubbles. Not even the moonlight could
reach him now.
So was that it? Out of all her dark magic, this was an especially
powerful spell. Against someone who’d been unable to block her spell last
time, this was something that he could never defend against. And when the
bubbles of darkness scattered, he would be left there on the ground, covered
in countless wounds, his entire body blackened for eternity. All he would be
able to do was to eventually lay down life’s burden while trembling. Yes,
without a doubt.
“...Stupid.”
Was that intended for him, or for herself? That small curse with an
unknown destination vanished into the darkness. This outcome was
naturally not what she really wanted. However, she had no choice but to

unleash a fierce attack like that. If her opponent was unwilling to yield to
her, she had to make him submit. However even so, the remnants of regret
that lingered in her heart pierced her chest. Suimei might have been the first
friend she’d ever made. But in the end, that feeling vanished into the black
bubbles.
“So... stupid...”
Before long, the magic was welcoming its end. The propagation of the
dark bubbles came to a sudden stop, and they began dissipating into the
darkness from whence they’d come. However, as the darkness broke apart,
the figure of Suimei Yakagi collapsed on the laid out bricks... wasn’t what
she saw.
“Ah...”
The first thing she saw was a brilliant magic circle firing off a white
light. Filled with unfamiliar crests and words, it was beautifully drawn. Had
it protected its owner from the darkness that was supposed to strike him
down? Above it was a space without a single shadow or cloud illuminated
by the moonlight. And just as Liliana thought that she heard the delightful
sound of fingers snapping, the remaining dark bubbles rose into the sky as
if blown away by that shock wave.
Before long, as if she was recovering her sense of time, the sounds of
her surroundings returned to her. The trees and shrubs began to rustle as if
they were frightened by something. Rubble clattered across the ground as if
it was laughing. The red brick walls and hedges, the black steel spikes, and
the silver gates... Everything had lost its color and become part of one giant,
dull, ashen painting.
The area was suddenly flooded with the cool, crisp air of an autumn
night. The moon took on a reddish tint as it looked down on her. And then,
in the center of all of that...
“That magic won’t work on me anymore, you know? Left-Hand
Sorcerer.”
Gazing at her strongly with crimson eyes was the visage of a magician.
OceanofPDF.com

OceanofPDF.com

★
On this evening, there were two points that Suimei kept in mind as he
dealt with the core of the incidents once more.
This would be the third time he had an encounter with the culprit after
dark. The first thing he kept in mind was that he now knew the identity of
said culprit. The second was that the two of them would be alone this time.
Right now, neither Felmenia nor Lefille were present. For the sake of
persuading Liliana, he’d asked them to refrain from tagging along this time.
If they had her outnumbered, it was possible she’d try and run away.
“No way... How...?”
Presumably because he’d completely defended against her powerful
dark magic attack, he could hear a childishly bewildered voice slip her lips.
The magicka he’d used was defensive magicka. A spell from the charm
engraved into the belt of the goddess of the moon, Diana of Ephesus. Gods
were, so to speak, existences whose bodies were composed of substances
closely resembling the astral, aetheric, and the like. And since this was a
charm to protect a god, it was effective against attacks which targeted the
astral body. Aski, kataski, lix, tetrax, damnameneus, aision. Darkness,
brightness, earth, the year, the sun, and reason. With those words, malice in
the higher dimension was blocked by their power. Normally, it was magicka
that was rarely used. So infrequently, in fact, that it could be said that it was
never used in respectable fights between fellow magicians.
But on a moonlit night like this, the magicka manifested its effects quite
well. Now, in regards to the dark magic that failed to exert its destructive
force due to this magicka...
“The Element of darkness was something talked about quite frequently.
The guys who used this system of magicka likely weren’t sure right until
the very end what its origin truly was.”
After Suimei let out a sigh, Liliana knit her brow and gave him a
disagreeing looking.
“What... are you even saying? The Element of darkness... is a servant of
the Goddess... and one of the powers of a mage.”
“Nope, it’s not what all of you think it is. Every last one of you seems to
misunderstand it. That’s why, like you just saw, I have means of defending

against it.”
“Ugh... Oh Darkness. Thou art sharp like the lightning that races across
the sky. Thrust of Darkness!”
Liliana let loose another spell. It was straightforward, but stressed speed.
However, in situations like this, relying on dark magic that took advantage
of the darkness that obscured an opponent’s vision was an established
tactic. The spell of a mage who relied on such basic tricks would never hit
Suimei as he stood in the moonlight. He strode forward with confidence,
and then trifled with her.
He snapped his fingers as he took a step towards Liliana, and the bricks
at her feet exploded. Her eyes shot wide open in surprise like her
expectations had been betrayed, and she stood upright like a bolt.
“When I first ate that thing, I generally had a rough idea of what it was.
There aren’t all that many things that can directly and seriously affect the
astral body, after all. Mysteries caused by wielding the power of wicked
gods using Goetia. Suicide attacks carried out by demonomists devoted to
their faith. Intrinsic curses. Hexes. The attacks of apparitions. And out of all
the possibilities, the one considered to be the most antiquated technique is
the one that uses thoughts of hate, resentment, and envy towards the target
to directly strike at them. It’s so simple that it doesn’t even require a spell,
but those hateful thoughts are powerful, and their effects were observed by
many in ancient indigenous faiths.”
“What... kind of relation are you saying that has... with the power that I
use?!”
“Are you listening? The thing called the ‘Element of darkness’ doesn’t
exist. Just as stated in the saying ‘the hatred and resentment harbored by
man becomes a curse and causes a real effect on the body,’ the overflowing
curse of hatred that has nowhere to go in the transient world ends up
coagulating in the astral plane.”
The oldest form of a curse. That is, namely, a mass of hatred harbored
by people, beings, animals, and the like. Since hatred existed everywhere, it
could be used as an attack as long as there was a target to receive the
emotion. This was why the rampart of the golden fortress was penetrated.
Ramparts were ramparts. They were defensive walls, but they offered no
protection from thoughts. If it had been weak magic, then the spell inserted
into it would be defended against, and the curse would be dealt with by his

natural resistance as a magician. But if the curse surpassed that resistance,
he had no way of blocking the maliciousness that broke through. And that
was only all the more true with more powerful magics. The difference with
the power the demons wielded lay in this point.
Suimei once more defended against a spell fired at him in irritation, and
continued speaking, unfazed.
“However, normally, that kind of thing can’t be used by just anyone. A
single fragment would be a different story, but hatred and resentment often
guide humans to ruin. They’re essentially the bane of humanity. However,
there is one type of user that can wield it freely. And that’s someone whose
heart sympathizes with hatred and resentment. In other words, you as you
are now.”
“Are you saying I harbor such feelings?”
“I bet you do. From the odds and ends of your speech and conduct up
until now, and the fact that you can use that magic, it’s something I put
together. You yourself may not be self-aware of it, though.”
“That kind of thing—”
“Isn’t true, you mean? But you know, the proof of it is under your glove.
Because you wield the power of coagulated resentment and hatred, and you
sympathize with it, it alters the extremities of your body that are easy to
encroach on. It’s likely that what’s under your eyepatch is the same, right?
Under the influence of continuing to submerge your body into negative
power, your form is deviating from that of a normal human.”
Liliana instinctively put her hand over her eyepatch.
“That’s right. The art you’re using is the art of curses that humans
shouldn’t lay their hands on. Even if I didn’t tell you that, you who uses it
would know better than me, right?”
“But if... if I didn’t have this magic... I, I would...”
“Stop it. That magic will destroy your body. It’s not too late now. Stop
using dark magic, and prioritize healing your body. If you don’t, then one
day you will no longer be yourself! So...”
“So...”
Just as Liliana seemed like she was about to give in, the malice she
sympathized with began swaying behind her like a heat haze. And as if that
brought her to her senses, her eye suddenly shot wide open.
“Urgh, so what?! I know that full well! I at least know that... if I keep

using this magic... one day I’ll be swallowed by the darkness! But that has
absolutely nothing to do with you, does it?! So why... why are you fussing
over someone like me?!”
“Because as a magician, I can’t accept you walking that path.”
Yes, the path of magicka that led to dark magic... It was something
referred to by mysticology as the left-hand path. The word “sinister” came
from the Latin “sinistra,” meaning left. So sinister magicians who walked
down the path of ruin by manipulating immorality and evil spirits were
often said to walk the left-hand path. Even in the world of magicka, that
was considered to be a bad choice. That’s why Suimei couldn’t let her just
continue down that road.
“Also, it’s ’cause I’m a whimsical busybody.”
And as Suimei flashed a troubled smile her way, Liliana looked as
though she was completely taken aback. As if grilling her for her true
feelings, Suimei once more spoke up.
“Hey, are you okay with living this kind of life?”
“What...?”
“Destroying your own body. There isn’t a single good side to it, right?
You may not have regrets about it, but if you keep using dark magic, you’ll
never become happy, you know?”
As if trying to shake away all the words reaching her ears, Liliana
violently shook her head.
“But if I do that, I won’t be able to fight! And if I can’t fight, I’m not
needed by this country! Even the Colonel won’t need me! Ever since mom
and dad abandoned me, I’ve been alone! Being picked up by the Colonel
and coming to the Empire... For the first time, I had a place I belonged!
Even if I ended up being called the human weapon! Even if everyone
detested me! If I don’t have dark magic, I’ll... I’ll... Again, I’ll be...”
“But is all that really okay?!”
“?!”
“It’s not, is it?! Was this what you really wanted?! To live this painful
life?!”
Yes, even Liliana should have had something she wanted. She should
have something she desired deep in her heart. And that was definitely not
this place of only pain. Seeing her innocent smile earlier that afternoon,
Suimei knew that what she really wanted wasn’t utter ruin and misfortune.

“What... I wanted...”
“That’s right. What you wanted is—”
Suimei once more called for her to come to her senses. However,
Liliana...
“Shut up! If nobody needs me unless I can fight, then I’m fine being like
this forever!”
She rejected what he was saying with stronger emotions than she’d
shown before now, and yelled out a near howl. With that, the darkness clad
around her went berserk.
“A-AAAAAAAH!”
The darkness billowing from her like smoke was a curse. No, it was
malice. The pent up resentment that congealed in the astral world, using
Liliana’s body as a relay, manifested with dreadful vigor. Naturally, it was
because it sympathized with Liliana’s heart. Using her shout that embodied
her hatred for the way the world was, it turned her emotions inside out.
“Stop it! Don’t take in the darkness on your own, damn it!”
A massive amount of malice burst out from her feet, and Liliana was
sucking it all up. In an attempt to save her, Suimei ran forth with no concern
for his own wellbeing.
“Guuu-AAAAAAAAAAAH!”
Perhaps having been brought back to her senses by Suimei’s shriek of
anguish, Liliana’s eye shot wide open.
“Wh-What are you...”
“Don’t take it in... You can’t. That path... isn’t one you should walk
down...”
“S-Stop it. If you get closer, even you will be...!”
Darkness, curses, and malice seeped into Suimei’s body. It was a strong
and concentrated power that could not even be compared to the dark magic
that Liliana had used on him. It was apparent that if he didn’t steel his mind,
even his soul would be desecrated. But this was a race against time. He
didn’t have time to postpone any actions as he began chanting for defenses
from the moon. Even as Liliana screamed for him to save himself, Suimei
continued to try to help her.
“Lucem sacrum implebis, nunc perfectam formam appetes... Gah.”
[Fill with the sacred radiance, seek out the ideal figure...]
Suimei recited the chant from memory to drive away the curses while

keeping his eyes shut. In just that much of a fluster, he could clearly feel the
sensation of cold sweat pouring from his forehead down to his nose and
cheeks. The dreadful vigor of the enormous curse was not weakening. As
Suimei tried to pull Liliana away, the darkness surging forth assaulted his
body.
“Gah, ah... Ah... You damn—!”
Mustering all his power with sheer willpower, Suimei’s hand reached
Liliana and grabbed her. And using that momentum to forcefully throw her
to the side, he tossed her out of the vortex of curses. Liliana rolled across
the ground, and Suimei collapsed. Realizing what was going on, Liliana got
up dumbfounded and approached Suimei.
“Suimei Yakagi...?”
“You idiot... No matter how you put it, you were gonna die there...”
After adding on a few choice curse words, Suimei began gasping, but
still showed her a laughing face. Seeing him like this, Liliana realized her
own foolishness and fell to her knees helplessly.
“I’m... sorry...”
“Seriously... I’m begging you, just calm down and keep still...”
Saying that, Suimei glossed it over with a pale smile that told her to just
relax. Now that Liliana wasn’t being consumed by the darkness, she could
relax. He took a breath and quietly got up, but things wouldn’t end so
easily.
“What—”
“Huh?”
The world suddenly shook. It was a huge quake that seemed to combine
both vertical and horizontal shaking, but even as he ran his gaze over the
surroundings, nothing was moving despite all the shaking. The trees, the
fallen pebbles, everything was all quietly settled where it was sitting. That
meant this was no normal earthquake. It was...
Manafield vibration...
“Tch... Did too much malice accumulate?”
Watching the world that wouldn’t stop shaking, Suimei spat a curse.
Presently, the townscape in this other world was being shaken, a side effect
of a normally impossible phenomenon occurring, or a power that far
overstepped its boundaries taking shape. The malice that spilled forth using
Liliana as a relay had swelled up beyond the limits of what a single space

could withstand. If it was that serious, it was likely that the coagulated
malice would gain directionality and take on a form.
Before long, just as Suimei predicted, things were converging both
visually and audibly in that extreme direction. The haze made up of malice
gradually projected a darkness tinged with a dark purple different from the
deep hues of the night sky as it lurked in the air. The silhouette, which still
had not taken a clear shape, let out a shrill voice of sorrow, and a deep and
heavy voice of envy. It planted a discomfort that could never be forgotten in
the minds of all who heard it, and sent a bitter chill running down their
spines.
“Th-That’s...”
“It’s manifesting. Step back...”
The space where it was about to manifest billowed out lightning. It was
a portent that happened from time to time. And without any pause, the
malice took on a shape and became concrete.
What swooped down on them then was a repulsive figure. With no
texture, its body was a pitch black silhouette that was far too smooth. It had
limbs hanging down from it as if its skeleton had been removed. A crude,
slimy substance covered its surface. Embedded in the right side of what
appeared to be its head was a single blood-colored light that imitated an
eyeball. This mold that looked like a personification of the ugliness of
humanity was like an artlessly drawn picture. But there was perhaps no
better design for a creature such as this.
“A-Aah...”
“Don’t lend your ear to its voice. You’ll get pulled in.”
Being struck by the unpleasant feelings caused by its far too repulsive
wail, Liliana’s body trembled. Since she was the one who evoked it, it was
easy for her to be influenced by it. Knowing that, Suimei clasped his hand
on her shoulder. He held back her mind and body that were being called
over.
The sinful figure moved. The bricks it touched with what appeared to be
its feet all blackened. As it drew closer, the air became tainted with malice.
Just from taking a single step forward, the influence wrought by this
creature was unfathomable. And witnessing that, Liliana raised a distressed
voice.
“W-We have to run... That’s... We can’t...”

What was being stirred up fiercely within her was dread. Any normal
person would die of fright to stand before such a creature. Because she had
an admiration and understanding of magic, she could truly appreciate the
situation she was in and what she was facing.
“What good will running away do? This thing can’t be left at large.”
“But, it’s impossible... How would you suggest we even get rid of it?
Besides, with your body like that...”
“When you say something’s impossible, I’m just the kind of guy who
wants to give it a try.”
And as Suimei daringly stated that, as if trying to unravel human speech,
the creature shrieked.
Its repulsive voice that rang out through the residential area became a
shock wave and assaulted their bodies. Obstructed by the wall of malice,
the sound didn’t leak outside of the darkness, but someone would
eventually sense the unusual phenomenon. The terrible creature strode
forth. Both its voice and appearance were enough to drive living beings
mad. The city would become a living hellscape if it got on the loose. That
had to be avoided at all costs.
The sinful figure leaped forward. Its movements were unlike that of a
human running on two legs and more like those of an animal running on all
fours. It was like it was striking the ground with all its strength as it leaped,
and reacting to its strange movements, Suimei gently lifted Liliana in the air
with magicka and moved her over to a hedge.
Then, matching the leaping figure, Suimei jumped back. It would be bad
if he was hit. No matter what it touched, be it the bricks it landed on or the
walls it struck, it was clear what would happen. With each bounding step,
the shadow closed in like it was spreading out. Firing strike magicka at it,
once, twice, three, and then four times... It was completely unperturbed by
the snapping of Suimei’s fingers, and he was forced to leap to the side to get
away.
Contrary to expectation, the terrible creature didn’t give chase. It was
beyond the concept of a proper fight. It wasn’t like it was rushing at Suimei
in the first place. It was just running amok. It was just digging its claws into
reality. It just wanted to increase the same kind of misfortune it represented.
No matter where it went, it was pure malice, plain and simple.
The figure then artlessly swept its giant, black, gummy-like arm. The

end of that cylindrical limb that couldn’t really be called a hand gave birth
to wind, and as it formed a gale with both arms, one could see the
destructive power it possessed as the walls and bricks on the ground
crumbled to pieces.
As Suimei put up both his arms to protect himself, he analyzed the
situation through the gap in his arms while enduring the shock waves and
flying pebbles. When the figure before his eyes stopped swinging around its
arms, Suimei unleashed lightning from his fingertips with his hand shaped
like a blade. Quietly muttering “Abreq ad Habra” and unleashing his pale
spearhead of magicka, it collided against the sinful figure and dispersed. All
it did was cause a single spasm. Because it was impromptu, its effect was
diluted. The terrible creature then immediately regained its footing, but
remained where it was while lettings its limbs just dangle loosely.
“Look. It’s certain that thing is made by uniting all forms of malice.
However, since it’s a mix of all kinds of malice and emotions, it can’t settle
on what it wants to do. That’s why its movements are so abnormal. There’s
no need to fear it more than necessary.”
“But...”
“Don’t be so fainthearted. If you’re entranced by it, then that in itself
will be the end.”
When one’s gaze was seized by that sinful figure, the latent dread within
them would be stirred up.
Yes, this was the fetters of sin that bound the hearts of men. It prowled,
looking for any openings in those hearts. A filthy existence that all would
run from. It was something that existed beyond this plane. Something that
never should have been brought to this world. An evil influence.
The sinful figure was still clamoring in a grating voice. Liliana sealed
her ears as if pinning down her head, and was frantic to distract herself from
that voice as she shook her head. She finally looked like a girl her age. One
that should never be allowed to be eaten away by the worms of malice.
That’s why, no matter what state I’m in...
“I can’t back down.”
The sinful figure began moving again. Raising a high-pitched, shrill
scream like something was scratching sharp metal, it ran down as it tore up
the ground. It was a super charge attack like an incoming meteor.
Everything before it seemed frozen in time, and endless debris was kicked

up behind it. If Suimei were hit by it, he wouldn’t get off lightly. Using his
eyes sharpened with magicka, Suimei devoted himself entirely to evasion,
however...
“Gu... ugh...”
Pain ran through his whole body. It was from saving Liliana from going
berserk, but the malice that was eating away at his body chose the worst
time to scream out. And because of that pain, Suimei lost his chance to
evade. He felt like he blacked out for a few seconds. By the time he
regained his senses, the monster was practically upon him.
“Then it’s fine if I don’t dodge...”
What he etched with his right hand shaped as a blade was a Thelema
Hexagram. The sweat on his cheeks dripped to the ground. And in the face
of that unending anguish, he bared his fangs. Liliana was screaming
something, but right now, Suimei couldn’t hear her. He had steeled his
mind. He was determined to destroy this embodiment of malice. He
continued to stabilize the mana at his fingertips. Right now, it was
nighttime. He couldn’t use the Bless Blade. The Azure Engraved Beheading
would also be impossible to manifest. He had to select the right magicka.
As he did, silence loomed. Eventually all noise seemed to stop, and within
that stretched-out few seconds, there was only Suimei and his opponent.
Wind brushed his cheek.
“Don’t just fucking graze me.”
All that was left after he unintentionally spat out those words was the
sinful figure running past him, and Suimei with his blade-like hand stuck
out as though he’d pierced through the hexagram. It even slowed down, but
the terrible creature fell, tumbled across the brickwork sidewalk, broke
apart, and dissipated into the darkness of the sky.
The one to attain victory as they crossed within a hair’s breadth was
Yakagi Suimei.
And as the sinful figure vanished, the heavy air sweeping over the
surroundings dispersed. In that moment, the fatigue from the battle and the
pain from the malice eating away at his body suddenly assaulted Suimei.
Suppressing that feeling as best he could, he approached Liliana and sat
down.
“It’s over.”
Perhaps Liliana was unable to believe what happened before her very

eyes. They were wide open in surprise, and she looked between Suimei and
the place where the terrible creature had vanished.
“Tell me your story... Why are you doing these things...?”
“Th-That’s... The nobles are trying to cause harm to the Colonel. That’s
why... that person suggested...”
“That person? That other guy who was with you...?”
Leaving the effect of the malice to run its course, Suimei did his best to
put those words together. He could then hear the sound of the military
police signal whistles in the distance. When the sinful figure manifested, it
transformed the surrounding area into a spirit world, so it wasn’t like they
would have heard the uproar that happened here. So why...
Surprised by the footsteps and angry voices that were drawing nearer,
Liliana’s shoulders jumped up. And before long, with Elliot in the lead,
Christa and a group of military policemen appeared.
“This way!”
Elliot’s beautiful, gender-neutral voice rang out. He surveyed the area
immediately upon arriving, and beheld the collapsed figured of Suimei with
Liliana with a bewildered expression.
“Suimei Yakagi, and if I am not mistaken...”
“Why... are you all...”
Just as Suimei was in the middle of asking that, he realized that Liliana
was agitatedly trembling. She suddenly took several steps back. The hustle
and bustle of Elliot and the military police. The malice she’d taken into her
that brought on this incident. All of it pushed her to her limits.
“Shit, what bad timing...”
Suimei groaned at the bitterness suddenly spreading throughout his
mouth. At this rate, with all these needless guys butting in, he wouldn’t be
able to have a calm conversation with Liliana. As the situation gradually
deteriorated, Suimei got up from the ground.
“Whatever. It looks like it’ll become a little troublesome, but let’s go,
Liliana.”
“I...”
Suimei stretched his hand out to Liliana as she reached heights of
bewilderment. And just then...
“Is it fine to leave like this? If you stop here, your goal won’t be
accomplished, you know...”

When that voice reached her, Liliana’s body shook. Looking up, she
spied the tall shadow standing on a rooftop.
“You’re—?!”
Suimei raised his voice, but the tall shadow paid him no mind and again
addressed Liliana.
“What will you do? I don’t mind either way... But that’s not the case for
you, right?”
“H-Hnngh...”
“You can’t! Don’t listen!”
“Go.”
The tall shadow pointed in the opposite direction. Was it telling Liliana
to head that way? Not a moment later, a sudden gust kicked up a puff of
dust and dirt into the air. Elliot and Christa immediately began to handle the
situation calmly, but the military police were shaken by it and lost their
composure.
“Shit—Urgh!”
Suimei couldn’t move. When he tried to step forward, his body denied
him. It was because of the malice he’d taken on when he saved Liliana and
the damage he’d taken when crossing blades with that terrible creature.
He’d done one unreasonable thing after another, and was paying the price
for it. He could no longer do anything. Liliana, on the other hand, simply
didn’t seem to know what to do in the hectic situation. She trembled in
confusion, and then...
“Ah, UaaaAAAAAH!”
Screaming as if to block out everything that had just happened, she fled
down the hill in the direction the tall shadow had pointed and vanished into
the darkness of the night.
“Ugh... Liliana... Don’t go...”
Clutching his chest and gasping in anguish, Suimei weakly reached out
for her as she ran. And then, at the crest of the hill, the tall shadow appeared
as if to stand in his way.
“You fucker...”
In response to Suimei’s groaned curse, it looked like the mouth of the
tall shadow twisted into a sneer.
OceanofPDF.com

Epilogue
The tall shadow who helped Liliana escape concluded its confrontation
with Suimei and the others, and was now spying on them milling about in
confusion with a taunting grin. It was now standing atop the second highest
building in all the Empire, the Filas Philia Cathedral bell tower. Careful to
elude Suimei Yakagi’s unusual senses, it was observing the scene from on
high. The military police had surrounded the area. The hero rushed over to
Suimei. While asking about the situation, his attendant was about to cast
healing magic on him, but Suimei seemed to have firmly rejected it. The tall
shadow began to gather its thoughts on what action to take from here.
As things stood, this was the second blunder they made. Concerning the
military police, the hero’s power posed a considerable threat, but it was still
fine to leave them be. With the current situation, they would all be quite
stalled, after all.
But Suimei Yakagi... That man could not be underestimated. Who would
have thought that while the shadow was disturbing the movements of the
hero’s group, that he would once more catch on to Liliana’s movements and
make contact with her?
“Hmph...”
The tall shadow did not know what had happened within Liliana’s dark
domain, but as Suimei had met her already on several occasions, it was
likely he was in the middle of trying to convince her to abandon her magic.
Thinking about it like that, this was a dangerous situation.
However, even this danger was not something for the shadow to fret
over. After being struck with so much dark magic, he would die... No, there
was a chance that he would recover, but even then, he would be
incapacitated for quite some time. There would likely be an effect after
using his magic too.
This time, they had not seen the noble being attacked, but Liliana’s face
was seen by both Suimei Yakagi and the hero. In that case...
“That little girl’s use has just about...”

With that cold murmur, the tall shadow vanished into the darkness.
OceanofPDF.com

Afterword
Thank you very much for picking up The Magic in this Other World is
Too Far Behind and giving the afterword a look. Thank you very much; I
will write it as many times as I have to. I am Gamei Hitsuji. To everyone
who’s continued reading from volumes 1 and 2, it’s good to write to all of
you again.
This time around, I was once more able to get a volume of The Magic in
this Other World is Too Far Behind out into the world safely because of
everyone who has earnestly read the books and everyone who’s read the
web novel version. So, well, how do I put it...? Thank you very much!
Just as I was thinking that my slow writing pace was a bit of a problem,
I incidentally began browsing the net looking to up my pace...
“I wrote one book in three days.”
“I put out 17 books in one year.”
“I write two hundred pages a day.”
It’s like... they’re not human or something.
They’re too amazing. I hardly know what to say. Or rather, there won’t
be any end to it, so let’s leave it at that.
Now then, it’s about time we touched on the story this time around.
In the third volume of the series, Suimei-kun, who’s off on a journey in
another world looking to find a way back to his own, has finally set up his
base. All’s well, or so he thinks. Then he’s once more dragged into an
incident. It’s quite unfortunate, isn’t it?
Continuing from last time, Lefille has been tagging along as his
traveling companion. More specifically, Suimei’s working with her to dispel
her curse, so maybe it’s better to say that Suimei-kun is the one who’s been
tagging along as a traveling companion, but anyway...
While thinking about what a nice feeling the tiny Lefille adds to the
story with her cuteness and antics, I’m the weird author who was grinning
at their computer while typing away.
Oh, and for those saying, “But the bigger Lefille-chan was better!” ...My

apologies. But please be patient. She’ll be back eventually.
This volume also finally brings back the heroine from the first volume,
Felmenia Stingray. I thought I should highlight her clumsy and incompetent
side more and more from here on out.
We also have a new character, the true loli (Lefille is the fake loli),
Liliana Zandyke. She’s an important character in the dark magic plot this
time around. Her most memorable scene at the end of the day is probably
the scene of her playing with cats, right? A cute little girl playing around
with adorable kitties. Just thinking about it, an indescribable warmth
spreads through my heart... What’s that? That’s not the important part? I
guess you’re right.
Somehow even though I said I would touch on the story, all we’ve been
talking about is the characters.
Now then, our battle last time was against demons, but this time around,
just as the title The Magic in This World is Too Far Behind! implies, we
have magicka from the modern times clashing with the magic from another
world. It really feels like we can say now that the magic in this world is too
far behind!
The attribute of darkness that doesn’t exist in the modern world. An
element that doesn’t connect to earth, water, fire and wind. A truly unknown
original energy of this strange new world... Just what is it? Suimei-kun is
incited to try and find out. My, I’m finally able to write about something
like that, huh?
“He came to another world, but there’s no stinking other world magic.”
“Just where are you contrasting the knowledge of the modern era and
the magic of this other world?”
After generating some content that addresses those questions, I hope
that’s something that is now properly conveyed to my dear readers.
Other than that, well, the tiny Lefille, the puppy Menia, the cats and
Liliana... There’s a lot of content I am rather proud of. Last time there
wasn’t much downtime in the story, so this time around, it would make me
happy if you all got to enjoy the more relaxed portions.
But for now, this volume ends right in the middle of things. And, well,
I’m in the middle of piecing together the ties between volumes three and
four. So although things have been left in a somewhat unclear state,
Liliana’s unresolved subplot and the introduction of new characters will

likely all be handled in the fourth volume.
...Also, just what will happen to me now that my stock has run out?
Well, I got the third volume out safely, so it’ll probably be alright from now
on.
So that’s how it is. To all of you waiting for volume four, please wait
with peace of mind.
This time as well, to all of you who picked up this book; to all those who
have warmly watched over The Magic in this World is Too Far Behind! in
web form; to chief editor S-sama; the illustrator himesuz-sama; the designer
Horiehideaki-sama; the proofreading company Oraido-sama; and to
everyone in the Overlap editorial department for safely putting out the third
volume, I offer you my heartfelt thanks.
-Gamei Hitsuji
OceanofPDF.com

Table of Contents
Cover
Color Illustrations
Prologue
Chapter 1: Entering the City, and the Girl
Chapter 2: The Goddess Is Super Strict With Her
Chapter 3: The Second Hero, Elliot
Chapter 4: Anti-Magicka Dark Magic
Epilogue
Afterword
About J-Novel Club
Copyright
OceanofPDF.com

Sign up for our mailing list at J-Novel Club to hear about new releases!
Newsletter
And you can read the latest chapters (like Vol. 4 of this series!) by
becoming a J-Novel Club Member:
J-Novel Club Membership
OceanofPDF.com

Copyright
The Magic in this Other World is Too Far Behind! Volume 3
by Gamei Hitsuji
Translated by Hikoki
Edited by Morgan Dreher
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents
are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any
resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is
coincidental.
Copyright © 2014 Gamei Hitsuji
Illustrations by himesuz
Cover illustration by himesuz
All rights reserved.
Original Japanese edition published in 2014 by OVERLAP, Inc.
This English edition is published by arrangement with OVERLAP, Inc.,
Tokyo
English translation © 2018 J-Novel Club LLC
All rights reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976,
the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book
without the permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the
author’s intellectual property.
J-Novel Club LLC
j-novel.club
The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are
not owned by the publisher.
Ebook edition 1.0: June 2018

OceanofPDF.com
