charged into the real topic at hand.

“So, what gives?”

“Back when we were fighting Demon General Ilzarl,” Reiji replied. “I

don’t know... This just suddenly happened.”

“Suddenly? With no warning or trigger?”

“It was in the middle of the fight, so I couldn’t really say.”

“Hmm...”

Suimei fell deep into thought with a severe expression on his face. But

nothing jumped out at him. He then turned to Io Kuzami, as if to ask for an

explanation. He prodded her with his discerning gaze, but all she did was

smirk. Chances were that she knew, she just wasn’t saying. Since she’d

demanded that Suimei keep their prior exchange a secret, she likely had no

intention of talking about it here. Reiji then folded his arms together as he

groaned.

“As I thought... This means it’s a split personality, right?”

“I gotta wonder.”

“And that’s completely out of our realm of expertise...”

Each sigh Reiji let out was heavier than the last. The way to cure Mizuki

—to get her back to normal—was completely out of reach. Knowing that

only made him more anxious. And because Suimei couldn’t tell him the

truth, his only option was to play dumb.

“Suimei-dono, it sounds like you and Reiji-dono are familiar with

Mizuki-dono’s Io Kuzami-dono, but just what is she?”

It was a question filled to the brim with proper honorifics. Felmenia

seemed to have trouble following what she was saying herself as she asked

it, but following up after her, Lefille leaned forward in curiosity on her tip

toes.

“I’m also curious. It seems the two of you know something we don’t.”

“That’s... something I don’t really want to talk about. I’d be digging in

Mizuki’s wounds and heaping the salt on.”

Hearing Suimei’s metaphor, Felmenia grimaced.

“That is quite an extreme way of putting it, isn’t it...?”

“The whole thing is extreme. The image of Mizuki burying her face in

her pillow and kicking around violently comes to mind.”

Hearing Suimei say that, Reiji closed his eyes and nodded. It seemed he

too could visualize the same thing. If Suimei didn’t tell them exactly what

Io Kuzami was, the others would never understand. But the explanation

wasn’t exactly simple.

Io Kuzami—the name the thing possessing Mizuki was using—was

taken from the persona Mizuki had created in middle school. You see, back

then, she was dealing with a very severe case of the illness known as

chuunibyou, which was quite common in kids that age. At every given

opportunity, she would say meaningful things in meaningless ways, use

antiquated speech, dress in a flashy fashion, and all manner of other things.

In general, she spoke and behaved oddly.

And part of that was developing the persona she referred to as Io

Kuzami. As her friends, it was something that had left Reiji and Suimei

stumped. It seemed that the thing that had possessed her currently—in order

to avoid Reiji and the others detecting the possession—had faithfully

reproduced said persona.

Right now, Suimei was unable to discern why this spirit had possessed

Mizuki. He groaned as he recalled the last time he’d had to deal with Io

Kuzami. The present Io Kuzami, however, was demanding gratitude.

“You have been saying whatever you please for some time now, but I

have not heard a single word of thanks for my great efforts in saving you

all.”

“That’s... certainly true... but...”

Reiji grimaced. Thanking her earnestly wouldn’t be easy.

“Did that really happen?” Suimei asked.

“Mm. Io Kuzami-san mentioned earlier how that demon general wasn’t

anything special to her, right? The moment after Mizuki turned into Io

Kuzami-san, she used a spell of mixed attributes against the demon

general.”

After Reiji’s explanation, Titania followed up in apparent astonishment.

“It was quite the surprise. To think such spells even exist...”

“Indeed. That magic of mine was quite powerful, was it not?”

“Sure was...”

Hearing Reiji give his frank impression, Io Kuzami looked completely

satisfied. Outwardly, she looked high on admiration and praise, but Suimei

knew whatever was going on inside had to be more complicated than that.

While he was attempting to scrutinize the inner workings of her head, Reiji

turned to Felmenia curiously.

“Reiji-dono, is something the matter?” she asked.

“No, I was just thinking that you didn’t seem very surprised, Sensei.”

“Oh?”

“I mean, come on... You heard me say she used a mixed attribute spell,

right?”

Reiji continued to look at her with a curious expression, which Felmenia

reciprocated. Basically, Reiji was wondering why she’d had no reaction to

hearing about the extraordinary magic Io Kuzami used. In this world, the

mixing of attributes would be tantamount to a huge technological

breakthrough. But to Felmenia, who had been receiving lessons from

Suimei, this was essentially old news. Upon realizing the disconnect,

however, Felmenia cleared her throat and began replying.

“Ahem... The magic that you and Her Royal Highness witnessed is

certainly rare, but if you think about it carefully, then it is not all that large

of a leap.”

“Meaning?”

“Just now, you said that it was a mixture of attributes, but would it not

be more appropriate to say that it was a spell that borrowed properties from

both attributes?”

Hearing Felmenia’s reply, Reiji cocked his head to the side. To him, it

sounded like she’d just said the same thing twice. And indeed they were

similar, but there was a critical difference.

“The mixing of attributes... In short, you could say that it is the creation

of a new concept. For example, if you mix the fire and earth attributes, what

is the attribute that would be brought about in the end? That is, of course,

knowledge that we have no way of acquiring. But if what you said about

her spell is true, it would mean that Io Kuzami-dono gave birth to a

completely new attribute... Would you mind relaying to me the chant that Io

Kuzami-dono used?”

“Um, if I remember right, it went: ‘Oh Fire and Earth...’ Oh, I see...”

“As I thought, they are separate, right?”

Felmenia nodded as Reiji came to an understanding.

“Right from the outset of the chant, it declares the use of two attributes.

In accordance with that, the spell will consult the power of two different

Elements, so it is not a separate magic system that mixes them together.

Looking at it from the Elements’ point of view, there is no way to

demonstrate the existence of an Element other than the eight attributes. So

while I cannot declare that such a thing is impossible, it is extremely

improbable.”

Felmenia paused there for a moment before continuing her explanation.

“Magic can be summed up as the relationship between the Elements. In

other words, it can be thought of as rival Elements opposing each other.

However, there are also Elements that have a natural affinity and

cooperative nature. That’s important when using magic in this world. One

must remember the basis of the relationship of the Elements being used.”

When it came to using magicka, it could be said that there was no such

thing as actually mixing two different completed magickas together. It was

possible to take flames born of magicka and wind born of magicka—in

other words, the phenomenon brought about by spells—and mix them

together, but otherwise, such forces were dispositionally opposed to one

another.

Magic in this world, however, was reliant on calling upon the power of

the Elements. That made it possible to mix spells of the same attribute. It

was hypothetically possible to do the same with different attributes, but

there was a key problem with that. Without knowing which Element (in this

case, the new Element created by the merger of two existing ones) to

meditate on, any such mixed spell would never come to life.

As such, rather than saying two attributes were being mixed, it was more

proper to say that a spell borrowed power from two attributes. Hearing her

explain it so, Reiji looked convinced.

“Well, when you put it like that, I guess so, huh? That’s Sensei for you.”

Perhaps realizing the admiration welling within him, Reiji spoke rather

humbly. However, Felmenia shook her head at this.

“All I did was point out a minor flaw in your way of thinking.

However...”

“It sounds incredibly useful, and... like we should be able to use it too.”

It was there Reiji came to understand what Felmenia was trying to

convey. He’d been hung up on a turn of phrase, but she’d unraveled the real

meaning behind it in an easy to understand way. It was just a matter of

changing your approach—the way you were thinking. That was one of the

most essential components of Western occultism. By changing your point of

view, it was possible to see things that were not visible before. This applied

to any field, but for Western occultism that was primarily concerned with

the physical and metaphysical, to thoroughly investigate the true nature of

things and draw ever nearer to the truth was an indispensable part of the

practice.

“So, Sensei, can you use it?” Reiji asked.

“No, I’m... Certainly, if I wanted to try it, then it would not be

impossible, but...”

Right now, Felmenia was likely capable of performing the magic they

were talking about. Really, as she was now, she could probably do so with

ease. But even then, using magicka was far more powerful and efficient

since it wasn’t bound to attributes and Elements in the first place.

But she wanted to avoid explaining that she was able to use much

stronger spells than that, leaving her at a bit of a loss as to how to respond

to Reiji. She was mumbling and stalling with a sullen expression, but Io

Kuzami seemed to pick up on her internal debate.

“That magic of mine is powerful, you know? If you are so inclined,

would you like to try and see?”

“No, it’s not that I doubt the power of the spell...”

Despite the small bit of provocation, Felmenia showed no signs of

taking the bait. She was still at a loss. Suimei replied for her.

“Quit it. For now.”

“What? How boring.”

Io Kuzami gave a dissatisfied reply to Suimei’s aggravated words, but

quietly backed down for the moment. If her self-confidence was to be

believed, her magic was indeed quite powerful. If the thing that had

possessed Mizuki was a spirit connected to this world like Suimei

suspected, its connection to the Elements would be on a level that surpassed

any human. That alone would strengthen its magic significantly. So even if

Felmenia used the same type of spell, it wouldn’t compare to Io Kuzami’s.

As Io Kuzami was still pouting, Liliana entered the living room. After

peeping from the door, she wandered over towards Suimei and the others.

Watching her adorable behavior, the women in the room were all smiling

broadly. But rather than take a seat with everyone, for some reason Liliana

headed towards Io Kuzami.

“Have you finished frolicking with the cats? Hmm?”

Io Kuzami sounded like she was being playful with a child, but Liliana

did not respond to her. She simply turned to Suimei with a sour look on her

face.

“Is Mizuki... still ridiculous?”

“As you can see for yourself.”

“Calling me ridiculous is quite impertinent of you. I am perfectly

normal, you know?”

Io Kuzami frowned at being so ignored, while Liliana continued making

a sour face.

“I should think not. I feel like... something bad... has possessed you.”

“Uncooperative” would be more accurate than “bad,” but that was a

minor contention. Unlike Reiji and Titania, Liliana could sense something

about Io Kizami. The girl touched by the malicious power of darkness

likely sensed something threatening. That’s what Suimei suspected.

Io Kuzami grimaced as Liliana leaned in and scrutinized her face. And

then...

“Now... Take this.”

“Bwuh?!”

As if she was looking forward to it, Liliana pulled on both of Io

Kuzami’s cheeks. Seeing this, everyone went wide-eyed. Suimei had no

idea what she was up to. No, with Io Kuzami’s cheeks in her hands, it was