hands.”

“Wait, wait, wait. You’re saying it wasn’t just a bluff? That he seriously

eats people...?”

Suimei seemed to be at a loss, but Reiji and Titania both nodded to

confirm just what he didn’t want to hear. People who held absolute

confidence in their abilities usually tended to exaggerate their power before

their inferiors. And that’s what Suimei had assumed was going on when Io

Kuzami first said this demon general referred to humans as “offerings.” But

to think that he was really a man-eating monster...

When Suimei looked into Reiji and Titania’s faces, he could see the

horror in their eyes. They’d seen the evidence of the unholy feast—that

much was clear. Seeming to realize something, Felmenia questioned them

with a grim expression.

“It couldn’t be... Is the reason Gregory-dono and the others are not here

because...”

The same thought had crossed Suimei’s mind. It was unusual for the

knights who were always with Titania not to be by her side. As Suimei and

the others grew tense waiting for the answer, Titania shook her head.

“White Flame-dono, there is no need to worry. Gregory and the others

were injured and remained in the self-governed state, but they will all be

fine.”

“Thank goodness...”

“Well, at least there’s some good news.”

Felmenia let out a sigh of relief and Suimei nodded in approval. In

Felmenia’s case, she was concerned about the safety of her countrymen.

Suimei had only met Gregory and the others in passing, but they took care

of Reiji and Mizuki. If something happened to them, it wouldn’t sit well

with him. But after such worries were dispelled, Lefille let out something of

a baffled groan.

“I understand that whoever attacked all of you was a monster that ate

people, but that behavior isn’t typical of demons...”

“Yes, I also find that part mysterious. I have never even heard of it.”

Felmenia seconded Lefille’s point—and it was a good one. Even though

the demons were unequivocally evil, inhuman beings, Suimei had also

never heard of them eating people before.

“I do not understand it myself, but the opponent we fought was indeed a

man-eating monster.”

In the end, Titania was unable to enlighten them any. They just didn’t

have access to the right information. All they knew was that a menacing

demon general had appeared. As the grim conversation was about to come

to an end, the one who brought up the man-eating aspect in the first place—

Io Kuzami—spoke up.

“My eternal rival, do you not have any ideas?”

“Why’re you asking me? Don’t just throw this at me.”

“Well? I just thought I’d entertain any of your delusions that might fit

the bill.”

Suimei couldn’t tell what Io Kuzami was thinking as she peered at him

with an extremely interested gaze. But while he was trying to figure it out,

Reiji leaned forward and echoed the sentiment.

“Suimei, I’d also like to hear what you think.”

“Hey, you too now...?”

Seeing that Reiji was jumping on the bandwagon, Suimei grumbled. Just

why did they have such absolute faith in Suimei’s opinion in situations like

this? In truth, there was a lot of insight he had to offer as a magician, but if

he said too much here, his identity would be exposed. That fear suppressed

him to silence.

But upon seeing that all eyes in the room were fixed on him, he realized

that he had nowhere to run. As Suimei drew in a deep breath and resigned

himself, he looked right at Io Kuzami. It wasn’t a glare, but the sharp gaze

of a magician.

“What is it?”

“...Earlier you called that demon general a demi-ogre, right? What did

you mean by that?”

“Exactly as it sounds. If I were to say it in the language of you lot, that

being was a demi-ogre.”

Not quite grasping who she was alluding to by “you lot,” Suimei

questioned Felmenia without shifting his gaze.

“Menia, what’s a demi-ogre?”

“I... I also do not really know.”

Felmenia didn’t know, so Suimei then asked Lefille. She just closed her

eyes and shook her head. Glancing to Titania and Reiji next, they also

looked puzzled. That could only mean one thing—that demi-ogres weren’t

really a thing of this world. And if that were the case, Suimei might have a

clue or two as to what was going on.

“Everything I say from here on is pure conjecture on my part. I think

that demon general is probably at the top of the food chain of this world.”

“The top of the food chain?”

Suimei nodded in response to Reiji’s question, but naturally, the three

girls from this world didn’t understand this talk of food chains.

“Suimei, what do you mean?”

“I meant exactly what I said. In the world we come from, mankind

stands at the top of the food chain. But here, I think a more powerful being

occupies that spot.”

In Suimei’s world—as far as normal people like Reiji knew—it was

common knowledge that humans were the ultimate apex predator. It was

ultimately up to them to decide what other creatures lived and died. Of

course, this was ignoring the fact that even they were common prey for the

strongest biological being on the planet—bacteria. But Suimei knew

bringing that up would only needlessly complicate things, so he readily left

it out.

And as far as society was concerned, the creatures they didn’t know

about and didn’t cross swords with were nonexistent. There was no need to

bring those up in front of Reiji and Mizuki, either. Normal humans were

better off not knowing that there were monsters lurking in the darkness

waiting to knock humanity down a peg. Nevertheless...

Even after Suimei brought up the food chain, Reiji still didn’t quite

catch his meaning.

“Even if you tell me that humans eat other animals...”

“That’s not explicitly the point. Try thinking of the beings on top as

those who aren’t threatened at all by the existence of other animals. In this

world, there are therianthropes, dwarves, elves, dragonnewts, and all

manner of other species. It’s less a question of if there’s something that eats

humans and more a question of if humanity has any natural enemies other

than demons.”

In other words, was there something that preyed upon humans? In

Suimei’s world, the answer would be something akin to ogres and vampires.

But in this world... Titania in particular looked like she was deeply

pondering the answer.

“Certainly, that may be the case... The demon general we faced did say

something about lending Demon Lord Nakshatra his power. In other words,

that he was not a demon.”

“So that’s to say he’s not a subordinate or servant. In that case, he’s

probably something like a third party that endorses the Evil God’s plans...

Though when I say it out loud, it sounds pretty strange.”

That was the part that left Suimei uneasy. He had already deduced that

the conflict between the demons and the other beings of this world was a

war by proxy between the Goddess and the Evil God.

To make an analogy with the human body, the demons would be

something like a virus invading from outside. In response, the body would

rally antibodies to defend itself from within. But what if a portion of those

antibodies revolted and started working with the virus? If that was what was

going on, they were going about everything the wrong way. As Suimei

groaned at that grim possibility, Io Kuzami raised a rather interested voice.

“Hmph. That is quite an amusing idea.”

“Yeah, thanks.”

After glossing over her words with a noncommittal thanks, Suimei

glanced at Reiji, who was nodding his head repeatedly in admiration.

“Uh, Reiji?”

“Ah, yeah. I was just thinking it’s probably as you said. Despite calling

it conjecture, I think you’ve pretty much hit the nail on the head... Though I

have to ask. Where did you get that idea?”

There it was. Suimei had predicted he’d get a question like that, and

answered Reiji without a hint of defensiveness.

“From something I read back in Astel’s royal castle. I kinda put the rest

together.”

“There’s more to it, right?”

Hearing those words, Suimei could feel his heart skip a beat. Reiji

looked at him skeptically.

“As I thought, Suimei, you’ve got a little bit of that going for you.”

Reiji looked between Io Kuzami and Suimei several times, leading

Suimei to realize what he meant. His secret was safe, but he couldn’t accept

Reiji thinking that way about him. Standing up from his chair, he raised his

voice in protest.

“Hey, stop that! Don’t lump me together with her!”

“But you know...”

Even as Suimei yelled, Reiji made a somewhat sour face as he talked.

He looked exhausted, but there was no mistaking that Suimei was being

teased. And then, for better or worse, Io Kuzami joined in.

“Fuahaha... Oh, my eternal rival, this simply means that you cannot

rebel against the damned blood flowing through thy body. It is about time

you resign your bastard self and accept thy place at my side.”

“No way! I’m not gonna call myself ‘Dark Crimson Hider,’ you hear

me?! I’d rather die!”

“My goodness, to think that you would still be so shy. Hmph, you have a

long way to go yet.”

“What the hell are you talking about?! Hey, Reiji, do something! This is

all because of what you said!”

“Lalala, I can’t hear yooouuuuu!”

Reiji turned around and put his fingers in his ears, blatantly ignoring the

yelling Suimei. As their friendly (?) little exchange continued, Lefille

looked up at Suimei and whispered to him privately.

“Suimei-kun, this demon general... Do you think he’s as strong as they

say?”

“In all likelihood, yes. Man-eaters are just what you’d think—natural

enemies of man. Moreover...”

“Moreover?”

“Back when I talked about Eanru, Hatsumi’s half-elf companion and

Rumeya-san mentioned something about a ‘Man-Eating Evil,’ remember?”

“Now that you mention it, yes. It was supposedly terrifyingly strong or

something... Hmm?”

In the middle of remembering what they’d talked about at the fortress,

Lefille inclined her head to the side in a charming way.

“What’s wrong?”

“I seem to recall a dragonnewt being the one to defeat the Man-Eating

Evil. It’s just a possibility, but...”

Hearing those words, the color ran from Suimei’s face. It was his natural

response to hearing about anything that involved the dragonnewt Eanru. If

what he had defeated was the demon general Reiji and the others were

talking about, or one of his kin, then just how powerful was he really?

“Ugh, my head hurts... What the hell? That dragon asshole is that

strong? I don’t want to ever fight him again.”

“What are you saying? Didn’t you promise him a rematch?”

“I didn’t promise anything. That was all on him, so as far as I’m

concerned, no.”

Suimei was retreating from reality like a spoiled child. But, upon

realizing that most everyone had deteriorated into talking among

themselves, Titania tried to get things back on track.

“Suimei, is it about time that we move on to the next topic?”

“Y-Yeah, let’s do that... What’s next on the docket?”

“Um, next is...”

Suimei was more than happy to change the subject, but Titania averted

her gaze when he inquired about the new topic like it was something hard

for her to talk about. That alone told him what it was. Perhaps it went

without saying, since it was the elephant in the room. Like they’d rehearsed

it, everyone turned towards Io Kuzami at the same time and let out one

collective sigh. Upon witnessing this, Io Kuzami smirked.

“Hmph, to have you all sigh over me so... This beauty of mine... It is

terrifying, if I do say so myself.”

Hearing Io Kuzami’s completely off-base interpretation, everyone hung

their heads. Just how out of touch was she? Putting that aside, Suimei