skills as the Shrine Maiden of the Spirits in such a sweet form, I’m sure the

faithful would come in droves to see you. Though most of them would

probably be there to curry your favor. Pfft...!”

A peep of Graziella’s stifled laughter leaked out. She was likely

imagining a tiny Lefille trying to rake in money at the cathedral.

“Absolutely not! I am not some exhibition!”

After Lefille refused her proposal, Graziella’s expression suddenly

became serious.

“What are you saying? Gloss over it all you like, but influential figures

and celebrities were meant to be put on display. They’re public figures, so

why not let the public get a good look at them? There’s nothing more to it

than that.”

“Grrr...”

Lefille couldn’t argue with her. She didn’t like the implications of

treating someone like an exhibition, but Graziella had a rather sound point

about the nature of public figures. Their presence was a positive thing. Even

if they themselves didn’t enjoy it, that was simply the price of fame.

“But my, you’re quite cute like this. I’d never have dreamed it, seeing

your original form.”

“Shut up! I’m still cute even in my original form!”

Even though Graziella was speaking honestly without putting on airs,

Lefille still stamped her foot in objection. Meanwhile, everyone beholding

this was struck with a single thought: “That’s what she’s objecting to?”

“Suimei-kun! Don’t you also owe Her Highness a debt?! Repay it and

defeat her right here! Reduce her to ashes! No, leave nothing behind!”

The great Shrine Maiden of Spirits suddenly took the conversation in a

rather violent direction. She was urging Suimei to settle his dispute with

Graziella in his own living room. As one would expect, he wasn’t exactly

about to jump on that bandwagon.

“No, no way. No matter how you put it, that’s a little...”

“Are you not my ally?!”

“Lefi, sometimes you really say some absurd things, don’t you? Hey,

you! This is your fault, you know? Do something.”

With that, Suimei turned to Graziella. She had a rather displeased look

on her face, clearly unhappy that Suimei was speaking to her so heedless of

her royal station.

“You’re as insolent as ever, bastard. I am the princess of this nation, you

know. Do you not have the grace to watch the way you speak around your

social superiors?”

“Do you really think I’d try and flatter someone who came here to pick a

fight?”

“Fair enough. Now that I think about it, just trying to imagine you

speaking politely is actually sending shivers down my spine.”

As Graziella flashed a provocative smile, a protruding vein became

visible on Suimei’s forehead.

“What’d you just say?”

“Do it, Suimei-kun! Go for it!”

As Suimei grew agitated, Lefille took advantage of the opportunity and

tried to stoke the fire. There was no way any conversation was going to

proceed now. Io Kuzami was laughing heartily, but everyone else just

looked troubled. Eventually, no longer able to stand it, Reiji stepped in on

everyone’s behalf.

“Hey, Suimei, reel it in here.”

“I’m not really...”

“You too, Graziella-san. Okay?”

Reiji looked at Graziella with a smile. He was likely trying to calm her

in his own way, but there was no way that alone would appease her. It

would never work...

“Hmph... Very well. You’re right.”

But contrary to all expectations, Graziella backed off. And with no

argument. Suimei had been certain this stalemate would last for quite some

time, so this unforeseen turn of events left his jaw on the floor. Everyone

else felt the same way.

“What? Every last one of you is making a strange face,” inquired

Graziella.

“Nothing. You just backed off rather easily...”

“Is that bad?”

“Not per se, but...”

It was just hard to swallow. She had shown mercy to the tiny Lefille

earlier, but at heart, Graziella was a sore loser. So for her to so simply back

down against an opponent like Suimei with whom she had a standing feud,

he was utterly staggered. The only thing he could figure was that it had

been the intervention of the mediator, Reiji. And now that he thought about

it, Graziella did look a little restless...

“What’s this? Did that jerk Reiji capture another one?”

“It appears so...” quietly replied Titania.

“Hmph. Looks like it,” scoffed Io Kuzami.

“Wait, wait, wait! Just when did that happen?” Suimei demanded in

bewilderment.

In a way, this was perfectly expected. It was the norm, after all. But

Suimei was still floored. This was unknown to Suimei’s group, but after

what had happened at the temple in the self-governed state, Graziella’s

opinion of Reiji had become quite favorable. Titania was aware of this, and

mumbled to herself in dissatisfaction about how Reiji just had to go and

save her...

“Anyway, I know it’s a little late to be asking this now, but why the hell

are you here?”

“What? Were you not informed?”

“Come again...?”

Graziella sounded as if she expected him to know what was going on,

but Suimei had no clue. He’d only let her in because Titania had given him

the okay. Why she’d even showed up in the first place was beyond him.

Meanwhile, Reiji seemed to know what was going on and was feigning

innocent.

“Oh, did I not tell you?”

“Hell no, you didn’t. I haven’t heard anything about this, so if you’ve

got an explanation, you better get to it already.”

“Suimei, Her Imperial Highness Graziella travelled with us to the self-

governed state.”

“The hell?”

“It’s the fault of that annoying Goddess’s oracle,” said Graziella. “After

you lot left the imperial capital, an oracle appeared before me to deliver the

message that I was to accompany Reiji. That’s why I am here today as

well.”

Graziella went on to explain how she’d joined Reiji’s party. Which was

why, more or less, she’d invited herself here. Listening to her, Suimei

folded his arms atop his desk and groaned.

“I get why you came, but isn’t it an entirely separate thing for you to be

hanging out with us like this?”

“The circumstances have changed. As long as I have my image to

consider, I cannot insist on killing you. However reluctant I may be to

relent.”

“Well, I don’t really care as long as you know how to cool your jets.”

With that, Suimei then turned to his companions.

“Ah, I do not have any thoughts in particular on the matter,” said

Felmenia, shaking her head.

She bore no ill will for the princess. As long as her own princess had

taken a stand on the matter, as her retainer, Felmenia was obliged to follow

Titania’s lead rather than expressing her own opinion. Lefille, however,

looked quite unhappy. If nothing else, her earlier exchange with Graziella

made her reluctant to accept her now. But after she’d been so earnest,

Lefille couldn’t outright object.

“Then, starting all over, I am Graziella Filas Rieseld. I don’t expect you

to treat me favorably, but do keep in mind that I am currently travelling

with Reiji and the others.”

After giving a short self-introduction, Graziella turned to Liliana.

“Liliana Zandyke, it has been a while.”

“It is good... to see you again.”

“If you ever wish to return to the Elite Twelve, I’d be happy to hear your

case anytime.”

“Thank you... but I no longer have any intention... of returning.”

“...I see. So be it, then.”

As Liliana shook her head emphatically to make her refusal quite clear,

Graziella readily backed off without hounding her. Her attitude made

Suimei think that she was just playing the politics of pleasantries, but he

caught the briefest glimpse of what looked like disappointment in her

expression. It told him that, somewhere deep down, she really had wanted

Liliana to return. It was understandable, considering her talents. Both her

absence and Rogue’s must have been felt quite dearly by the Empire.

“So, how much of our tale has already been shared?” asked Graziella.

“Let’s see... We talked about Demon General Ilzarl, and we just finished

up talking about Mizuki,” Reiji replied.

“I see. Then it seems I made it in time to talk about that.”

“‘That’?”

Unsure what “that” was, Suimei cocked his head to the side.

“Suimei, she means the reason we went to the self-governed state.”

“Ah, that weapon or whatever some hero left behind, right?”

“Mm. This.”

It was there that Reiji pulled something out of his pocket. It was a silver

accessory in the shape of a wing with a blue gem embedded at its center. It

was something like a medal, but its construction was quite delicate. Seeing

it, Lefille made a puzzled expression.

“Reiji-kun, what is that accessory?”

Her doubts were natural. Based on the flow of the conversation,

everyone had expected him to present a weapon, not some piece of jewelry.

Seeing it, Lefille wasn’t the only one who had her head cocked to the side.

“Lefille-san, this is the weapon that was said to have been left behind by

the hero.”

“It is?”

“Reiji-dono... It only looks like a mundane ornament to my eyes, but are

you suggesting it is endowed with some sort of mystical power?”

When Felmenia inquired about the true nature of the ornament, Reiji

made a face like her question was a difficult one for him to answer.

“It certainly seems to be, but...”

While trying to explain things to Felmenia, Reiji looked down at the

feathery ornament. He was surprised at what met his gaze, however—

Suimei with a wrinkled brow was staring right back at him.

“Suimei?”

“This is a weapon, right? So why does it look like some regular old

accessory?”

“Well, you see... It transforms. Into a sword.”

“No kidding...”

With a slight sigh, Suimei stroked his chin and scrutinized the object in

Reiji’s hand as he peered at it from different angles. Reiji then made a grim

expression as he began explaining again.

“When I first saw it, I also thought it was strange that it looks like an

ordinary accessory. But this thing definitely transforms into a weapon.

Though I don’t have any idea why it’s like this...”

It was then Reiji realized that all eyes in the room were on him rather

than the ornament. They were expectant, waiting for him to demonstrate.

“Sorry, but I can’t turn it into a weapon.”

“What do you mean? If you know it turns into a weapon, that means you

managed to do it previously, no?” asked Felmenia.

“Yeah, I did, but it seems there’s some sort of condition for the

transformation. I was only able to do it that one time.”

“White Flame-dono, the only time Reiji-sama was able to transform it

into a weapon was in the heat of battle. The situation at the time was grim,

but when Reiji-sama called out to it, it responded.”

“When it transformed, I felt like I’d closed the gap between me and the

demon general.”

“Do you mean to say it made you stronger after it transformed into a

weapon, Reiji-kun?”

Something about that didn’t really resonate with Lefille, but the one to

answer her doubts was someone who’d witnessed it herself—Graziella.

“Just from what we saw, that weapon most likely strengthens the wielder

and grants them abilities. He was manipulating a special power in addition

to his own. It’s certainly fitting for a relic known as a hero’s weapon.”

Graziella nodded repeatedly as she spoke of the weapon without a hint

of facetiousness. Seeing Reiji wielding it must have left a rather strong

impression on her.