complete. Said preparations were mostly limited to having the earth

attribute specialists around camp create a makeshift arena out of stone, so it

wouldn’t be long before things got underway. As Suimei walked around and

gazed up at the endless sky, Reiji—who was walking next to him—smiled

bitterly.

“This sure got weird, huh?”

“Seriously. They want to test us? They’re just arbitrarily pissy. Normally

that kinda thing makes them hard to handle and leads to a demotion. Don’t

they know what it means to be a member of an organization?”

Suimei vented his frustrations rather furiously. Because he himself was a

member of an organization, he was especially critical of Gorgan’s behavior.

Unable to shake his irritation entirely, Suimei just groaned quietly to

himself. Seeing the whole thing as silly, Reiji explained his opinion on the

matter.

“He must be so strong that he just can’t do that... Or, really, I guess all of

them probably are.”

“Ugh, it’s a perfect example of an abuse of power. Being so hung up on

your authority that you feel the need to demonstrate it this way is seriously

idiotic. And crappy.”

“Ah, so you also noticed that he’s using us?”

“Well, yeah. No matter how you put it, his selfishness was completely

obvious.”

“Thought so.”

“There’s safety in silence. In the end, the fact that they basically told us

that they want us to be human sacrifices on the altar of their glory is just

shitty.”

As Suimei looked over as he ranted, he caught a glimpse of a serious

face he’d been seeing on Reiji more and more as of late.

“Hey, Suimei, do you think it’ll be okay?”

“Hmm? The match? I should be fine. I’ll show you how tough I am.”

“I’m not particularly worried about you, Suimei. I know you’re not the

type to say you can do something when it’s really out of your league. So

I’m sure you’re plenty tough for this.”

“Then what is it?”

“The one I’m worried about is Mizuki... Or Io Kuzami.”

“Ah, her,” Suimei said without thinking when he heard that name.

Reiji then made a sour expression like he’d just eaten something

extremely bitter.

“That’s... probably not okay, huh? She was pretty motivated, wasn’t she?

I can only imagine what she’s gonna do...”

“Yeah...”

Reiji’s gloomy sigh spread and dissipated into the ether. He was likely

imagining what havoc Io Kuzami was going to wreak during the match. If

Io Kuzami was the revival of Mizuki’s old self like Reiji suspected, he

wouldn’t be able to stop the train wreck that she would cause. And there

would undoubtedly be a train wreck. Suimei cleared his throat and did a

few vocal exercises like he was preparing for an impression. And then, he

thrust out his finger and covered his left eye with his left hand.

“FUHAHAHAHAHA! Hear me, oh tiny existences who have run

rampant across this world, you homo sapiens known as humans! What will

unfold before you is my brilliant banquet! You bastards who are my invitees

shall all catch a glimpse of my ultimate power—True Darkness! Or

something like that.”

“You’re unsurprisingly good at that. But I can totally see that happening,

yeah...”

“I’m not taking that as a compliment.”

“In any case, we should also be careful.”

“And what good is that gonna do?”

“At the very least, I think we can avoid being dragged in.”

Though he said that, Reiji didn’t seem particularly confident about it.

That was just how much he saw Io Kuzami as a walking disaster. As he

lingered on those heavy feelings, Reiji suddenly shifted his gaze towards

something else.

“Anyways, what is that?”

“Hmm?”

Following Reiji’s gaze, Suimei spotted none other than Io Kuzami. But

she wasn’t alone. She seemed to be talking to someone. Worried that she

had already gotten herself into something, they stealthily approached and

realized it was Lefille that was with her.

Interested in this odd combination, they drew even closer with silent

footsteps. Looking closely, they could see something like pompoms in

Lefille’s hands. And when they listened in, it sounded like Lefille was just

as confused as they were.

“So, why am I holding these things?”

“Hmph. Because only you are denied the opportunity to stand on the

stage of battle—denied the opportunity to unleash your own pathos! As

such, it has been decided that you will take on cheering activities for myself

and those who are standing by for their own duels. I have just decided upon

it. And any proper cheering uses such tools.”

Hearing what Io Kuzami said, Suimei and Reiji both looked like they

couldn’t believe what was unfolding right in front of them. They both

placed a hand on their brows, closed their eyes, and shook their heads.

Though they had just decided they’d be careful, the god of this world truly

had no such mercy on them.

“So, you’re saying I should cheer you on?”

“That’s right.”

“Just me?”

“That’s how it is. This is also befitting of my disciple, but this time she

has been chosen to be a participant.”

“If it’s about not participating, then what about Her Highness Titania?”

“No, that one will not do.”

“Why?”

Io Kuzami then gazed off into the distance like she was recalling a

longtime rival and then fed Lefille a lie.

“Titania Root Astel. She is the owner of a glacial heart colder than one

looking for employment during the ice age of the 1994 recession. A wolf

wearing the wooly hide of tenderness that she shows to everyone. I have no

ears to listen to her.”

“I don’t really understand your expression... but you mean to say that

Her Highness is unsuitable for the task.”

“Indeed.”

As Suimei was wondering just what had gotten into Io Kuzami’s head

this time—and how she could be so casual about it—Lefille stuck out the

pompoms.

“So, what are these?”

“Those are the sacred treasures used for cheering, pompoms. The one

who is cheering raises them to the sky and must shout ‘rah, rah, rah’

followed by a name.”

“Oh? R-Rah, rah, rah, Suimei-kun! Is that about right?”

Despite being completely bewildered, Lefille played along and began

moving the pompoms. However, Io Kuzami seemed unable to stomach the

way she was swinging them around.

“Be more cheerful! And move your hands more vigorously! If you don’t,

then the mysteries behind the sacred treasures will never work!”

“L-Like this, then? Rah, rah, rah!”

“Wrong! More like this! Give it passion and soul! Shout out with your

ultrasoul!”

Matching Io Kuzami, Lefille began to absurdly swing around the

pompoms and shout.

“What... is that?”

“Lefi-san, you don’t have to amuse her, you know? You could just knock

her senseless.”

Suimei was speaking in such a quiet voice that there was no way Lefille

would ever hear him. But as this was unfolding, Titania—who incidentally

happened to be nearby—walked up behind Suimei and Reiji. She was also

mesmerized by what was happening.

“Rather, is it not about time that we must do something about that

child?”

“I know, right?”

“You’re telling me...”

Both boys replied with a heavy sigh, one atop the other. It wasn’t long

after that that they were informed the arena was ready.

★

Currently, Aerith Melfein of the Empire’s Elite Twelve was encircled by

a crowd of soldiers standing shoulder to shoulder without any hint of a gap

between them. She was completely surrounded. But it wasn’t just her, you

see. For standing with her inside that encirclement was another—at least

former—member of the Elite Twelve.

Saying that they were encircled made the situation sound dire. But rather

than being surrounded by enemies, they were surrounded by an audience.

The soldiers that had gathered around the roughly-hewn impromptu stone

arena had come to witness the match they were about to have.

This had all been orchestrated by the head of the Elite Twelve, Gorgan,

as a way of demonstrating the Empire’s strength over the foreign interlopers

that had been brought in to assist with the battle at hand—the hero of Astel,

Astel’s Twilight Beheading Princess, and their companions. He claimed it

was to prove their worth, or lack thereof, in the upcoming fight with the

demons, but that was pure pretense. Each of the companions in question

would be fighting in a match against one of the Elite Twelve, and Aerith

had been chosen as first up for the Empire.

Though Aerith held a prestigious position as part of the Elite Twelve,

she’d begun life as a humble farmer’s daughter from a small village in the

south of the Empire. The village was always in need of labor, so her older

brother and sister, as well as her younger brother and sister, all made a

living working right there in their hometown. Aerith herself had assisted her

mother and father alongside her siblings until she was an adult. She’d

always thought that, just like all the other young girls in town, she would

marry a local man and continue to support her family and the village until

she died. That was the expected life of farmer’s daughter, after all.

But that expected life took a turn for the unexpected when mages from

the Magic Institute appeared in town. At the time, the emperor was pressed

to strengthen the military and had sent scouts far and wide throughout the

Empire to recruit anyone with a talent for magic. What they were looking

for was extremely simple—it was purely a matter of whether or not one had

grounding and potential. The Magic Institute gathered all of the men and

women in the center of town and began taking their measurements. When

they did, they learned that Aerith had a strong disposition for magic.

And the rest was history. In exchange for a hefty salary, Aerith was

invited to the imperial capital, became one of its mages, and was eventually

inducted into the Elite Twelve. She’d advanced in great strides, but each

step of her journey was hard fought and well earned. To become an imperial

mage, she first had to attend the Magic Institute. But because she was a

bumpkin from the country and her skin was swarthy like wheat, she’d spent

her days there under the constant, unceasing ridicule of her peers. Despite

their harassment, however, Aerith continued to study magic without giving

up and eventually rose above them all. When it was determined that she was

fit to take part in actual combat, she then went on to distinguish herself on

the battlefield.

As a result, she was singled out by royalty and was eventually selected

to join the Elite Twelve—the youngest ever at the time. To Aerith, there was

no higher honor that she could think of. She’d far outclassed her tormentors

at the Magic Institute, those selfish fools who were so proud of their birth

and inborn talent. She’d surpassed them all with hard work and steady

effort. She took great pride in that, and it was the basis of her self-

confidence. After all, she was the quick-witted, hard-working girl who was

the youngest member ever to be inducted into the Elite Twelve. That was

Aerith’s reputation. Or at least it had been several years ago.

Since then, she’d been eclipsed by Liliana Zandyke, the adopted

daughter of another member of the Elite Twelve, Rogue Zandyke. She

wielded a rare Elemental power that defied and defiled the light—the

attribute of darkness. She’d broken Aerith’s record before the age of five. If

Aerith had taken great strides to reach her place as part of the Elite Twelve,

then Liliana had done it all in one immense leap. After several examinations

under the sponsorship of Rogue Zandyke, Liliana was inducted into the

Elite Twelve without ever setting foot on the battlefield, let alone enrolling

in the Magic Institute.

There was no way Aerith wouldn’t be discontent about this

development. Liliana was also from a village in the sticks, but just because

she’d been discovered by a member of the Elite Twelve, she’d been

awarded a position that Aerith had had to work and fight for. On top of that,