“I said I wouldn’t fall behind!”

“N-No way...”

There was single clap of thunder, a single slash of her enormous sword.

It completely blew away the snake-like whip winding at her from the side.

Indeed, the whip that Latora had conjured the first chance she got didn’t last

long at all. It was tragically obliterated by the red wind. And, using the

momentum of her strike, Lefille leaped towards Latora herself. The

kittenish grin Latora had been wearing up until now vanished, replaced by a

look of stark panic on her face.

“Oh no, this is bad! I’m gonna lose— Not!”

Her panic was only a ruse. Perhaps the whole setup was, for Latora

suddenly pulled a redheaded doll out of nowhere. At a glance, it resembled

Lefille.

“What—”

Just as Lefille was about to ask what it was, she suddenly recalled the

conversation she’d had with Suimei after he’d learned of her curse.

“We’ll likely either have to take out whoever cast it on you, or do

something about the intermediary used when it was cast on you. I don’t

think there’s any other way to dispel it.”

Back then he’d said that there had to be a medium for this kind of curse.

In other words, an intermediary between the curse and the victim. Recalling

that, a chill ran down Lefille’s spine. This had to be it. The root cause of all

her suffering. Latora’s lips curled up into a wicked grin. An instant later, a

feverish pain ran through Lefille’s body. Unable to bear it, she stabbed her

sword into the ground and used it to support her as she fell to one knee.

“Ugh... Ah...”

“Ahahahaha! You really and truly are stupid! ‘I’ll definitely win’? Ha!

There’s no way I would ever lose to you. I have my little friend here, you

see? The very same one I used to place that curse on you!”

“Sh-Shit... This kind of...”

“What, you didn’t think I would have it? Rather, wasn’t it obvious that I

would? Thinking that you had a second chance after losing so badly to me

the first time is the epitome of stupidity, you know? Or is it that you just got

so mad that you let your emotions blind you to all reason? Isn’t that a

bigger problem than the fight itself?! Stupid, stupid, stupid! A blooming

idiot, I tell you!”

“U-Ugh...”

Showered with such abuse, Lefille only grew angrier, more frustrated,

and more humiliated. But racked with pain the way she was, she couldn’t

do a thing about it. It was utterly vexing. But—either fortunately or

unfortunately—Latora wasn’t closing in for the kill right away.

“Now then... I must say, that was all a lot easier than I thought it’d be.”

“What... are you... planning...?”

“Hmm? Isn’t it obvious that I’m gonna drag you like this all the way to

your encampment and torment you? If I do it right in front of your

companions and soldiers, don’t you think they’ll all despair? To see

someone they relied on being teased so mercilessly... Tsk, tsk.”

Seeing Latora put her slender finger to her moist lips, Lefille was

suddenly seized by a cold feeling. Her words brought a humiliating scene to

mind: the mental image of being tormented in front of all her allies... as a

miserable, pitiful warning.

“Damn it... Once again, I’m...”

Once more, she was forced to taste the bitter disgrace of defeat. She was

going to lose. And when that realization set upon her, she couldn’t stop

shaking. She was unable to control the frustration boiling up inside her.

Then, a high-pitched laugh came down from on high. It was an evil laugh

certainly befitting a demon. And as Lefille struggled to endure the feverish

pain that racked her, trembling in anxiety and humiliation...

“What god-awful taste... My apologies—shitty bitch, isn’t it?”

Those foulmouthed words came down from the precipice of the cliff

above.

“What—”

“Huh? Who are—”

“Up here.”

The mysterious arrival boldly declared her position. Guided by her

gentle yet dignified voice, Lefille looked up to see a single therianthrope

clad in religious robes. She had pink, wavy hair, a gentle face, and two

feline ears poking out from her habit. As for her identity, she was someone

else Lefille would never forget.

“S-Sister Clarissa?! Wh-Why are you here?!”

“That is, of course, because I came to save you.”

Lefille could see her composed figure in the pale sunlight shining

through the gray clouds behind her. And in a complete one-eighty, Clarissa

took a wild leap off the cliff towards Lefille. She was just like a regal cat,

and landed at the bottom of the ravine without a sound. Lefille beheld her

with a suspicious gaze.

“You came to save me? What are you planning? Aren’t we your

enemies?”

“Certainly not. We don’t think of you as our enemies, anyway. Rather,

you’re would-be allies—comrades walking down a different path towards

the same goal.”

“You’ve been feeding us nothing but evasive lies for a while now.”

Completely unfazed, Clarissa wore a boastful smile even as Lefille

turned critical on her. She then smirked a bit before abruptly tightening her

expression.

“I see... Then allow me to correct myself. We aren’t your allies; saving

you is merely an afterthought. In truth, I have only come here to defeat the

demons.”

Even if defeating the demons was why she’d really come, that still

didn’t clear away all of Lefille’s doubt. In fact, it only raised more

questions. If defeating the demons was what she and her group wanted to

do, why were they kidnapping the heroes who were already doing that? It

didn’t add up, and Lefille couldn’t decipher their true intentions from those

conflicting actions. And so Lefille continued to regard Clarissa with

suspicion, but she wasn’t the only one.

“Oh, and who’s this? Your friend?”

Feeling ignored, Latora cautiously asked Lefille about the identity of the

interloper. In her stead, it was Clarissa who answered.

“For now, I will be accompanying her.”

“Hmph. I don’t really care, no matter how many friends come to your

aid. It just means the number of people I get to torment increases! Now,

more importantly...”

Latora paused for a moment and turned to look off in the direction the

imperial soldiers had retreated.

“If you came from over there, you should have clashed with my troops.”

“Aah, if you’re talking about those fucking demon worms, they’re all

drowning in a sea of blood, vomit, and shit right now.”

As Clarissa’s words grew more and more foul, Latora turned a

narrowed, vigilant gaze on her.

“...You’re saying they were all defeated? By you, no less?”

“Come now. It isn’t all that much of a feat, is it? Lefille-san here could

have done the same thing.”

“Hmph. You mean to say that you’re strong?”

“More or less.”

Making an exceptionally boastful claim in a rather humble tone of voice,

Clarissa began smearing pigments on her face. She clad herself in a

ferocious mana. It was like the aura a wild beast unleashed when on the

hunt—something that had given Lefille a great deal of trouble in their last

fight. It grew, expanding and filling the air so thickly you could almost see

it. And when it reached critical mass, Clarissa unmasked her true nature.

Sharp, catlike claws extended from her fingertips and her upper canines

protruded out over her lip. She had now completed the ritual. Tribalism—it

was a school of magicka that granted power based on faith in ancient

symbols. Seeing Clarissa literally transform, Latora’s face twitched.

“Ugeh! What is that?! People like you aren’t my type at all!”

“That’s a good thing. I’m not fond of opponents like you, either.”

With Clarissa’s last few words, a gust of wind blew through the area.

No, it wasn’t wind. It was the embodiment of Clarissa’s bloodlust—in other

words, an attack. A single cut appeared on Latora’s face. Glaring at

Clarissa, she wiped the trickle of blood from her cheek.

“You’ve been acting awfully cocky for a while now... I’m seriously

going to kill you.”

Latora’s own bloodlust and dark power swelled up. And then, in a way

completely incomparable to when she was fighting Lefille, she gave

concrete form to her fiendish power.

“What...? This much...”

Seeing the manifestation of Latora’s power, Lefille was dumbfounded.

“Oh, come on. I’m still one of the vanguards who attacked your country

with Rajas, you know? Do me a favor and don’t lump me in with the stupid

small fries like Vuishta and Mauhario.”

Lefille could only assume those were other demon generals. But the

specifics of Latora’s taunting hardly concerned her right now.

“Ugh... S-Sister Clarissa...”

“Lefille-san, please take a rest over there. I’ll clean up this fucking

trash.”

When the nun and the demon finished readying themselves for battle, a

flash of light appeared between them as their mana and dark power

collided, each struggling for supremacy. It would serve as the starting pistol

to their fight.

★

And just around that time, the panicked voice of a messenger resounded

through the main encampment.

“Enemies! W-We’re under attack!”

The flap at the entrance of the staff tent was violently thrown to the side,

and the messenger dashed inside to convey the grim news. They’d been

caught off guard. Hearing this, the high-ranking officers in the tent all

simultaneously rose from their chairs. As the sky above the encampment

was completely clear, it was perfectly fair to say this was a bolt out of the

blue... but there was certainly something ominous on the horizon.

Reiji and the others who had yet to be deployed were also currently in

the staff tent. The messenger’s news cut off Reiji and Reanat’s

conversation, and the prince immediately confronted the messenger with a

severe expression.

“We’re under attack?! Where from?!”

“From the rear, Your Highness!”

“The rear?! Impossible!”

Reanat was astonished at the messenger’s unbelievable answer. In an

austere voice, he asked for further confirmation.

“Is that true, man? We should have heard word of the demons

approaching from our scouts.”

“I’m afraid, Your Highness, that we’re dealing with a small, covert

force...”

“Just what is going on...? Even if they make that sort of move here...”

Rather than being upset over being outwitted by the demons, Reanat was

more concerned about the apparent incomprehensibility of their strategy

itself. He continued murmuring to himself as he stared blankly at the

messenger in wonder. It was Graziella who snapped him back to his sense.

“Elder Brother! Now is not the time to be dwelling on things! We must

respond immediately!”

“Y-You’re right...”

Collecting himself, Reanat began giving out orders to all the generals

and staff officers gathered inside the tent.

“I’m going!”

“Reiji-sama!”

“Reiji!”

While all this was unfolding, Reiji grew tired of waiting for instructions

and dashed out of the tent. Chasing after him were the concerned voices of

Titania and Graziella. Whether it was because he heard them or not, Reiji

looked back at the tent as he drew his orichalcum sword. His eyes were then

drawn to the large cliff overlooking the encampment... and the mass of

demons pouring over it.

A low shroud of dust was kicked up as they trampled over several of the

tents and other structures in their way. Over the tumultuous racket they

were making, Reiji could hear groaning and screaming. The demons had

jumped down from the cliff without warning—and without looking. They’d

crushed anyone unfortunate enough to be below them, and trampled anyone

in their path moving forward.

Following after Reiji, Reanat and Graziella emerged from the staff tent.

“How wretched... Does this mean their main force was really just a

decoy?”