When Suimei said that, Titania and Graziella’s expressions both froze.

They had yet to mention the name of the weapon, so they were surprised to

hear it come up. But they weren’t the only ones with questions.

“Then you do know something about it, Suimei-dono?” asked Felmenia.

“Well, more or less... But that’s it. The Sacrament is a weapon from my

world. Magical heavy ordinance, to be specific.”

In an unusual turn for Suimei, he prefaced his explanation with a lack of

confidence. Surprised by what he revealed, however, Graziella responded

first.

“So as we thought, it originates from your world.”

“As you thought?”

“I am sure you already knew that the weapon is a relic left behind by a

hero of old. But the name of another relic that was left behind with it uses a

language from your world, leading us to believe that was where they’d

come from.”

“You don’t say...”

Suimei wore a slightly curious expression, but Graziella continued.

“So, what is it?”

“There’s only but so much I can tell you. To put it simply, it uses

mysteries that are different from magicka, and it’s an amazing weapon.

Upon becoming its wielder, even a powerless nobody would be granted

extraordinary power... Or so I’ve heard. But from the sounds of it, you guys

got a glimpse of that already.”

“Suimei-kun, I’m sorry to interrupt, but when you say ‘extraordinary,’ is

that extraordinary by your standards?”

“Hmm... Well, yeah. That’s how powerful it is. After all, the demon

general that Tia and the imperial princess couldn’t lay a hand on was

overwhelmed by the inexperienced Reiji with it, right?”

“I see. Reiji-kun already has the divine blessing of the hero summoning.

If he made another great leap beyond that, I can certainly understand what

you’re saying.”

After getting to know Suimei, Lefille had learned he had a bad habit of

undervaluing himself. Moreover, he tended to speak of things relative to

himself, which sometimes made for a skewed impression.

“But Suimei, what is it exactly that makes the weapon so strong? No

matter how you put it, its power seems to be most unusual.”

“The Sacrament’s— No, it’s likely the outrageous part of the Lapis

Judaicus set in it.”

“Lapis Judaicus?”

“You mean the gem?”

Suimei nodded and began explaining in typical fashion.

“There exists something called the Sage’s or Philosopher’s Stone. It’s an

omnipotent catalyst that can turn lead or any other base metal into gold.

Sometimes it’s just referred to as Lapis. In our world, creating Lapis is one

of the goals of alchemy.”

“Did you say...”

“Gold?!”

“Th-Then, Suimei-dono, do you mean to say such a stone is set in the

Sacrament?! And by using it, one can create as much gold as they like?!”

Upon hearing his conjecture, the color of Titania and Graziella’s eyes

changed. Felmenia, as a mage, was naturally interested in learning what she

could about such a confounding mystery, but the two royals of the group

were likely processing the potential risks and rewards of being able to

generate gold from mere junk. However, Suimei shook his head as he

continued.

“No, this is different from the Lapis created by alchemy.”

“How so?”

“Well, hear me out. According to mysticology, there are three varieties

of stone given the name Lapis. They’re all related in a sense, and each of

them is able to act as a catalyst to take a small amount of work and give

birth to something far greater, hence why they’re each considered a kind of

Lapis. The most valuable asset of alchemy, the Philosopher’s Stone, is

called Lapis Philosophorum. The Holy Grail filled with a blue liquid that is

said to be able to resurrect the dead and grant immortality to the living is

called Lapis Lapsus ex Illis Stellis, or Lapis Exillis for short. And the third

is what you saw.”

“Lapis Judaicus...”

“That’s right. The ancient story goes that an apostle grew arrogant and

provoked the wrath of God, and was thus cast down to earth from the

heavens. An emerald that repelled evil fell out of the crown the apostle was

wearing at the time, which faded and turned blue. That’s said to be the

origin of the Lapis Judaicus.”

“In other words, it’s something created by a god of Suimei’s world...”

“Not even close. That’s just a story. It’s not like it’s really something

created by some grand god. I don’t know who first created it or where, but

they are certainly outrageously powerful... Actually, there isn’t anyone left

who knows how to make Lapis, so I can’t deny that the original might

seriously have been created by a god.”

After initially denying what Titania had suggested, he had to backtrack

and admit that she might not be wrong. And it was then that Io Kuzami,

who had been quiet up until now, suddenly spoke up.

“My eternal rival, this isn’t like you. You’ve been giving nothing but

half-cooked answers for some time now, have you not? Not a single

conclusive thing has left your mouth.”

“I’m an outsider when it comes to this stuff. Whether it’s the stone’s

origin or purpose, there’s basically nothing that I know in full detail.”

Suimei didn’t have the means to investigate the Sacrament or its Lapis

Judaicus. Even in the archives at the Society’s headquarters, there were no

documents which described it in detail. He didn’t know whether such

information had been lost over the passage of time, or if it was just

something that had been kept hidden. But either way, his knowledge on the

subject was limited. Upon informing the others of this, Felmenia frowned

dourly.

“It’s something not even you know about, Suimei-dono...?”

“I mean, it’s not like I know everything.”

“But from what you’ve just said, bastard, you know of others that

possess similar weapons?”

“Yeah, that’s certainly true, but... When they told me about it, I didn’t

really get what they were saying.”

“You didn’t really get it?”

As Graziella’s expression grew more suspicious, Suimei reluctantly

nodded. But Titania seemed to pick up on something in what he said.

“Now that you mention it, Faylia-dono also said something similar. She

said she received an explanation of the weapon from the hero, but she

couldn’t truly understand it.”

“Just as I thought...”

Suimei had also been told about the Sacrament by its owner before.

However, for some reason, most of what he’d heard barely seemed like

words or even intelligible sound. To hear everything about the mysteries

behind the Sacrament—in other words, to understand the concepts behind it

—it seemed that there were certain special conditions that had to be met.

Graziella then brought up another part of what Faylia had relayed to them.

“If I remember correctly, the elf at the temple said that it was something

made to forestall the end of the world.”

“The end of the world?”

“That’s right. If you don’t believe me, ask anyone else—we were all

there. Granted, this is assuming the elf remembered correctly.”

Suimei looked over to Titania, who nodded in confirmation. She’d heard

the same thing. But to think the Sacrament was made to forestall the end of

the world... There was only one thing that came to mind for Suimei when he

heard that.

“In other words, it’s connected to twilight syndrome... It’s true I’ve

heard about guys using one to beat down those beasts, but... they never

mentioned anything about this...”

When he’d heard about the Sacrament, its owner hadn’t mentioned the

end of the world. Did that mean they didn’t know everything about it

either? No, just what did...

“Suimei, is there anything else that you know? For example, the method

to turn the Sacrament into a weapon?” Titania asked.

“I’ve heard about it. I mean, I heard the words to transform it into a

weapon, but didn’t actually hear them.”

“Is there anything needed other than the words?”

“What the Sacrament needs is a grounded understanding of the

mysteries behind it and strong purpose, or so it seems. The grounded

understanding is required, but when the owner of a sacrament has a strong

purpose, that is when it first manifests... No, when it is first able to become

a weapon.”

“A strong purpose... you say?”

That didn’t seem to mean much to Titania. She twisted up her face and

groaned a little. On the other hand, Io Kuzami seemed to have noticed

something.

“When it comes to strong purpose, there should be something that sticks

out in your memories. When it happened, my fiancé was a tempest of

powerful emotion. It is likely because of that that he was able to forcefully

cause the Sacrament to transform.”

Titania and Graziella both nodded, seemingly coming to an

understanding upon hearing what Io Kuzami said.

“If Reiji has the grounding to use the Sacrament, then isn’t it something

he’ll eventually figure out one way or another? There’s no way for us to

force anything if we don’t know the words,” said Suimei somewhat

optimistically before moving on to his next question. “What was Reiji’s

condition after the Sacrament turned back?”

“There was not any particular change. Just as we said before, he only

became stronger temporarily.”

“So he was only stronger during the fight, huh...?”

“That’s right. However, he was instantly exhausted when it was over.”

The Sacrament was a weapon that ate mana. While in use, it was

constantly consuming mana and vitality. According to the mysteries behind

the Lapis Judaicus, the amount it consumed was designed to be small.

Indeed, it was designed to make greatness from meagerness, but

considering the scale of what the Sacrament was capable of accomplishing,

the initial input was still considerably significant.

Reiji had the divine blessing from the hero summoning going for him. It

strengthened him, but even then, compared to a magician in possession of a

mana furnace or a proper Sacrament wielder, it wasn’t enough. However,

considering his growth and potential—how much magic power and stamina

he’d already developed since coming to this world—he would likely be able

to provide enough energy to the Sacrament eventually. That was Suimei’s

thought, but somewhere along the line, he fell silent...

“Is something the matter, Suimei-dono?”

Felmenia noticed that he’d gotten quiet, but he didn’t respond right

away. He kept to himself a few moments longer, and then, seemingly

having arrived at a resolution, let out a resigned sigh.

“No... I was just thinking it’s about time I need to tell Reiji.”

“Oh? That’s...”

“You mean about being a magician?”

Even from Suimei’s vague answer, Lefille and Felmenia were able to

guess what he meant. Titania was in the same position.

“After all this time?” she asked with a composed expression.

“What? Is that something you should be saying after the chaos you

caused earlier?”

“Just what are you talking about?”

The tomboy swordswoman princess seemed to be intent on pretending it

had never happened. As Suimei looked at her playing dumb with a bitter

face, Graziella—the only one in the room who didn’t know the

circumstances—spoke up.

“Why have you not told him before now?”

“I was taught from day one to keep that quiet. So you could say the

reason I didn’t speak up even after coming to this world is a carryover of

that.”

“But in this world, he’d end up finding out eventually, wouldn’t he?

Especially considering you’re investigating magic to return home. In the

end, you’d have to reveal your secret in order to get back.”

“No, I could’ve just kept it hidden and half-assed an excuse for the

completed magicka circle. And once we got home, the details would be up

to them to puzzle out. As long as they didn’t have any regrets about leaving

this place, who knows? It might never have even come up again.”

“I see.”

Suimei wanted to give them a way out. He, Reiji, and Mizuki had been

summoned to this world against their will. But now that Reiji had taken up