“So that’s what you guys have been through?” Reiji muttered in a

serious tone after Suimei shared the details of their adventure in the

Alliance.

“Yeah,” Suimei replied with a typical shrug. “What can I say? It was

pretty rough.”

“But to think even your childhood friend got summoned...”

“Heck of a coincidence, huh? When I found out she also had amnesia as

a bonus, I really panicked...”

Talking about it, Suimei reminisced a little over what had happened

upon arriving in the Alliance. After catching a glimpse of Hatsumi by

chance at the parade, he’d gone to see her. She claimed not to know him,

however, and nearly cut him down on the spot. All in all, it was quite an

ordeal.

“But thank goodness,” Reiji said with a relieved smile. “Surely it would

have worried you more if she hadn’t regained her memories.”

“You can say that again.”

In the end, Hatsumi’s amnesia was resolved. It was a fortunate turn of

events that Reiji celebrated as Suimei’s friend. But it seemed something

else was going on. Reiji was giving everyone a bright smile, but there was

unease in his eyes.

“It really is great it all worked out. Really...”

The cause of the gloomy tone in Reiji’s voice was the girl sitting next to

him. Even Suimei, who didn’t have a remarkable talent for reading others,

took note of the shadow that had fallen over his friend. And he had a fairly

good idea as to what it meant.

In short, Reiji was envious that Suimei and his party had all returned

safely. But Reiji wasn’t exactly the type to feel or express jealousy; it more

manifested as exhaustion. And it wasn’t hard to imagine why he was so

haggard after returning to the Empire with Io Kuzami in tow.

Sensing all this, Suimei sighed heavily. Reiji was a good friend and, as

such, Suimei couldn’t just ignore his problems. But alas, there was more

than just that on the table currently.

“So, did you leave Hero Hatsumi behind in the Alliance?” asked Titania.

Suimei nodded, but Felmenia took up the story from there.

“Hatsumi-dono has her own battle she wishes to fight. Suimei-dono

respected this, and decided to part ways with her for the time being.”

“Suimei, are you alright with that?”

“I have to be. If she’s got her own business to take care of, I wouldn’t be

helping anything by dragging her along with me.”

“But she may cross paths with something dangerous in the Alliance,

no?”

Reiji reacted upon hearing Titania say, “something dangerous.”

“Yeah. You mentioned those Universal Apostles or whatever, right?”

The Universal Apostles were the mysterious group formed by Eanru,

Clarissa, Jillbert, and the mirage man they’d met during the riot in the

capital of Miazen. They were the ones manipulating the Anti-Goddess Cult

behind the curtain, and they were currently scheming to kidnap Hatsumi.

Indeed, Suimei was keenly aware of them.

Every one of them was a formidable enemy that could singlehandedly

drive the members of Suimei’s party into a corner. They were strong—

almost absurdly so—and couldn’t be dealt with by ordinary means. As

things stood, they were arguably more of a menace than the demon threat.

But despite their presence, Suimei had left Hatsumi in the Alliance. He

couldn’t say he’d done so without hesitation or concern, but he’d done what

he thought he had to.

“Honestly, those guys would still be a problem even if she’d come with

me, right? We don’t have any way of knowing when or where they’ll attack.

No matter what we do or how we approach this, we’ll never have the

initiative. So the best we can do in the meantime is have Hatsumi take care

of her business as quickly as possible while I find a way to return. That’s

the size of it. Anyways, more importantly...”

When Suimei foreshadowed a change of subject, Reiji already seemed to

know what he was implying. He folded his arms and began groaning.

“You’re saying we might also be targeted, aren’t you?”

“After what they said about heroes, yeah.”

“A scheme that involves the heroes, huh? What a mysterious group...”

Suimei himself wasn’t sure what they meant to do by kidnapping the

heroes, and without that information, there wasn’t much he could say to

comfort his friend. Pondering it all, he turned to Lefille. Among the

Universal Apostles was Jillbert, who she’d gotten close with in the Empire.

She perhaps had the most complex feelings about their new enemies after

being forced to fight a friend. As the room filled with a heavy silence, Reiji

changed the subject.

“So, we’re up next, right?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Indeed.”

As Reiji spoke, both Titania and Io Kuzami nodded. Suimei had heard

about why they’d gone to the self-governed state in the first place, but he’d

only gotten a rough outline of what had happened there. That included

retrieving the relic and being attacked by a demon general—both of which

were things that greatly interested Suimei’s group.

“Well, candidly speaking... After we parted ways with you guys, we

went to see if we could get the hero’s relic in the self-governed state to

compensate for our lack of power.”

Reiji opened with a concise explanation, and each member of Suimei’s

group nodded to urge him to continue.

“Upon arriving, we learned a bit about the relic from the person in

charge of the temple and were eventually taken to a deep, sealed chamber

where it was kept. It was there that someone claiming to be a demon

general attacked us. We fought him off— No, he let us off. After that, we

made our way back here to the Empire.”

It was the same outline he’d given when they reunited outside. Hearing

the story once more, Felmenia muttered in a puzzled tone...

“Attacked by a demon general...?”

Suimei also found it unexpected that a demon general would directly

confront Reiji. Especially considering the circumstances. Nobody should

have known that he and his party were in the self-governed state on such a

mission.

“Does this mean that the demons have predicted Reiji-kun’s actions?”

Lefille asked.

Titania shook her head.

“No, that did not seem to be the case.”

“Meaning?”

“The demon general did not know that a hero would be present where

the relic was enshrined. He only identified Reiji-sama as a hero after

hearing his name.”

“He called himself Ilzarl, but it seemed like that man’s real goal was the

hero’s relic.”

“I see. So their plan was to confiscate a potential threat.”

It was likely exactly as Lefille suspected. There was plenty of reason to

believe a modern hero would eventually seek out the legendary weapon.

And since three of the demon generals had already been cut down, the rest

were likely anxious to do away with any possible advantage the heroes

might gain over them. Pondering all this, Suimei suddenly looked up at

Reiji.

“Say... You just referred to the demon general as ‘that man,’ didn’t you?”

“Yeah. What about it?”

“That sort of makes it sound like he was human, so I was just a little

curious why you phrased it that way. Did he look like one to you?”

“Huh, I guess you’re right... But yeah, he did.”

After hearing what Suimei said, Reiji seemed to realize what he was

talking about and nodded. Up until now, the demons and demon generals

that Suimei had come across were all beings that were quite distinctly

inhuman in one way or another—so much so that gender was an

afterthought when looking at one. Naturally there was probably a difference

between the sexes, but it wasn’t visually obvious in the way it was with

humans. Yet Reiji had distinctly described this one as a man. In other

words, this demon at least had the outward appearance of a human male.

“When he first showed up, we didn’t even think he was a demon. He just

looked like a human. A weird one, but a human nonetheless... So yeah,

thinking back on it, I guess that is pretty remarkable.”

“So when you said you were ‘let off,’ Reiji-dono, did that have some

kind of connection to his peculiarity?”

“Mm. That guy was amazingly tough. Even when we all fought together,

we could barely scratch him.”

“That...”

“So it was hard even with Reiji’s divine blessing, huh?”

Hearing what Reiji said, Suimei put his hand to his chin and groaned. It

was true that Reiji was a complete amateur before coming to this world, but

Suimei didn’t think he was weak by any means. He’d fought with demons,

defeated Rajas, and competed against Elliot. For there to be an opponent he

“could barely scratch” was something of a cause for alarm. Io Kuzami,

however, had a different take on the matter and snorted in resentment.

“Hmph. At that level, if I were to make a serious effort...”

“Yeah, in the end it was Mizu— Io Kuzami-san’s magic that looked like

it was really doing something.”

“Is that so?”

As Suimei inquired further, Io Kuzami abruptly grabbed her left hand as

if to restrain it.

“That is so. Well, that demi-ogre caused my left arm to throb, so I should

offer him my praise, but—”

Watching Io Kuzami’s chuuni-like actions, Reiji made a strange face.

“Um, Io Kuzami-san? At the time, wasn’t it your left eye that was

throbbing?” he asked.

“Hmm? Is that how it was? Then in that case, to cause my left eye to

throb—”

“If you forgot, it isn’t a free-for-all excuse to bring up your stupid evil

eye!” Suimei shouted.

She went from grabbing her left arm to clutching at her left eye. No

longer able to take it, Suimei couldn’t help retorting. He just couldn’t

understand why she had to exaggerate every little thing before she was

satisfied.

“The point is that the demon general was strong,” Reiji clarified.

“What are you saying? Do you mean to imply he could have bested me?

That I’m weaker than he?”

“Listen, that’s...”

As Io Kuzami renewed a pointless argument with Reiji, Lefille took it

upon herself to get things back on track.

“We’re getting nowhere like this, Reiji-kun. You said he was strong, but

what does that mean? Can you give us some kind of perspective?”

“Um, let’s see...”

“Haven’t I been telling you? He was but a small fry roughly on the level

of a dragonnewt—hardly a worthy opponent for my greatness.”

“...”

Io Kuzami took each and every opportunity to worm her way back into

the conversation, and even Lefille was starting to get annoyed. Sensing that

this was indeed a fruitless exercise, Suimei turned to Titania for an

intervention. She partially closed her eyes as if remembering what

happened, then began speaking.

“That demon general’s power is a considerable threat. He easily brushed

aside our magic and manipulated a powerful red lightning that was not in

itself magic. His physical abilities were also astounding. How should I put

it...? Not even my speed was able to do much against him.”

“I see...”

Because Suimei had fought Titania before, he was quite familiar with

her strength. And if she said the demon general in question was strong,

Suimei knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was an opponent not to be

underestimated.

“Was there anything else that stuck out about him?”

As Reiji and Titania pondered over Suimei’s question, Io Kuzami

smiled.

“Why the silence? There is but one more matter worth mentioning. He

called all of us offerings, did he not?”

“Ah!”

“Yeah, now that you mention it...”

Hearing what Io Kuzami said, the lightbulb seemed to come on for the

other two. Suimei made a grim expression.

“Offerings?”

“Indeed. That demi-ogre did not hesitate to treat humans as mere

foodstuff. In fact, several defenders of the temple met such a fate at his