no quiet affair. Especially not when spells were colliding directly. The water

bullet should have had some sort of effect on the dog. But that wasn’t the

case; it had simply vanished into nothingness. This also seemed to surprise

Liliana somewhat, as she squinted her eye and looked at Howler pensively.

“So this... is rank disparity extinction.”

Aerith didn’t understand this phenomenon, but she didn’t currently have

the leisure to contemplate it.

“If my water bullets won’t work, then...”

“No, it’s still... my turn. Go, Howler!”

At Liliana’s order, the dog sprang to life. It jumped high into the air over

the arena and then dove at Aerith. Its lightning speed and predatory

movements were just like that of a wild beast. No, they were that of a wild

beast. But even if she was no longer up against a human opponent, Aerith

wouldn’t lose her composure so easily. This was not her first fight by any

stretch of the imagination. If that was all it took to shake her, she never

would have made it as part of the Elite Twelve. She stood firm even as

Howler came charging at her, moving erratically to the left and right.

“Oh Water. In accordance with my thoughts, become lithe and tough.

Extend from my fingertips as a blade to cut apart all matter. Liquid Blade!”

Aerith fired off another spell—naturally, one of the water attribute. A

flowing blade of water extended from her hand, lashing about like a whip as

it snaked its way through the air towards Howler. Unlike the water bullet

before, Howler took decisive evasive action this time. While dodging the

blade of water that cut down all else in its path, Howler retreated enough to

gain some distance from Aerith. He moved back behind Liliana, positioning

her between them.

“Tch, squirming around like that... Try this on for size!” With a shout,

Aerith poured all her might into her next chant. “Oh Water. Grow great and

swirl around me in a gyre. Swallow everything inside your calamity.

Bestow pain upon all you touch and smother my enemies within your

embrace! Hydro Abyss Sphere!”

The moment she activated her keywords, water surged forth from the

ground at her feet at an alarming rate. She could hear the surprised voices of

the soldiers and the worried voices of the mages maintaining the barricade

as continued to pour out. It flooded the entire arena and began to swirl with

Aerith at its center. She was unaffected by the spell, but the hastening

whirlpool submerged any and all foes that stood before her.

It was a merciless attack. But since she was told to show no mercy, she

didn’t care whether her opponent lived or died. No, that was a lie. The most

satisfactory result of all would be victory by fatality. A dark smile rose up

on her lips as she concentrated on her spell. But then she heard something.

It was Howler’s voice. And it was growing louder.

The sound that rose up towards the heavens was like a roar, but there

was no single word to properly describe it. Had it been from a dog or wolf,

it would have been a howl. But this was different. It was as if the pallid

beast was ejecting raw thunder from its maw. If someone had told her this

was the fabled beast she’d heard of as a child that caused all earthquakes,

she would have believed them without a doubt. The power of its thunderous

roaring howl was just that tremendous. It shook the very air, blowing away

the whirlpool and even the barricades of the arena around it.

“I-Impossible!”

Aerith couldn’t help but exclaim upon witnessing this unbelievable

spectacle. The soldiers and mages in the crowd gasped as well. Even the

other members of the Elite Twelve raised voices of surprise in unison.

The beast born of darkness should have only been able to attack with

darkness. Yet it had used some unknown power to counter Aerith’s magic.

Spells were supposed to behave in predictable, predetermined ways. There

was no way a summoned beast should suddenly be able to gain a new

power in the middle of combat. But Aerith had just seen it happen. Letting

out a low growl, Howler now locked eyes with her. It was indeed truly a

dark beast.

While she was focused on Howler, Aerith suddenly heard light footsteps

behind her. Liliana Zandyke was closing in.

Crap...

That was all Aerith could think. Liliana was the daughter of a

swordsman extolled throughout the Empire: the Sword Master of the

Lonely Shadow, Rogue Zandyke. Aerith had heard that she was not only a

capable mage, but that she knew her way around a blade. It was dangerous

to let her get too close, even if she was empty-handed. Aerith clicked her

tongue at the thought, but Liliana was closing in surprisingly quickly. And

she was muttering.

“My hand is the fetter entrusted with dark desire. Engrave my sinister

touch upon the hearts of those who stand before me and chill them with

despair... Negative Touch.”

The moment Liliana finished her chant, a pallid blue light identical to

Howler’s began pouring forth from her gloved right hand. It looked just like

the otherworldly luminescence spotted in graveyards at night sometimes—

the light of lingering spirits.

Liliana’s glowing hand swept towards Aerith. She’d been slow to take

evasive maneuvers, and Liliana’s hand grazed her arm. But the next thing

that caught her attention was the growling of a dog coming from behind her.

The moment she heard it, she abandoned all appearances and dove for the

ground. All she cared about in that moment was avoiding Howler. As she

rolled along the arena floor, Howler’s jaws snapped the air where she’d just

been standing.

If she hadn’t listened to her instincts, she would’ve been dog food. Cold

sweat trickled down her spine as she got back to her feet, but it seemed she

wasn’t out of the woods just yet.

“U-Urgh... Wh-What is this?”

Aerith suddenly discovered she was no longer able to raise her arm. She

immediately looked down at it. There wasn’t any sign of injury, yet for

some reason, it just wouldn’t move the way she wanted it to. It was sapped

by a sluggish feeling like she’d just woken up, but the sensation was limited

to just her arm.

It was, of course, the arm that Liliana had grazed. It must have been the

effect of her ghostly glowing magic. Aerith ground her teeth as she came to

that conclusion, but Liliana spoke up before she could do anything about it.

“What’s... the matter? Despite being so eager... aren’t you a little too...

unprepared? Weren’t you going to show me... the power of a real member...

of the Elite Twelve?”

“Urgh! You bitch!”

Hearing Liliana taunt her just as she’d put two and two together—almost

like she’d timed the whole thing—Aerith couldn’t take it anymore. Hearing

her own words turned against her only made it worse. She was incensed,

and Liliana looked at her like she knew exactly what she was doing.

“To be so easily riled up... As a member of the Elite Twelve, what... do

you have to say for yourself? The mere provocation of a child... Shouldn’t

you just be able to ignore it? Or is this because... it was me saying it? That’s

just how much... you can’t stand me. That’s it... isn’t it? You’re just... that

kind of person after all.”

“Silence! Shut that mouth of yours immediately!”

“You care for yourself... too much. That’s why... you aren’t suited to

fight... opponents that close in on you. They pose a threat... to your own

precious self... Am I wrong?”

“Don’t act like you know everything! I... I hate that part of you!”

“I also... know that. You don’t have to go shouting it... after all this time,

do you?”

“SHUT UUUUUUUUP!”

Aerith let her boiling hatred for Liliana explode. A mage should never

lose their composure. If they did, how would they ever be able to control

their magic? Learning to keep calm at all times was a basic part of any

mage’s training. That included Aerith’s. But in that moment, she just

couldn’t contain her rage. Not only was she personally being insulted, but

Liliana dared to mock the Elite Twelve. It was a gross offense beyond the

limits of what Aerith could stand.

However, just howling in rage would do nothing to change the situation.

She had to do something. Yet if she relied on pure emotion to put together a

spell right now, such an unfocused attempt at magic would never have any

effect on Howler—let alone Liliana. And even if she started on a longer

chant to collect herself, Howler would never let her finish it.

In front of her was Liliana Zandyke. And behind her was the pallid

beast. It was unfair. Utterly unfair. Those words gradually rose up in

Aerith’s throat. Despite this being a one-on-one match, she was fighting two

opponents. It was a cowardly tactic. There was no other way of describing it

—it was outright cowardly. She wanted to call Liliana out for it, but her

pride as a member of the Elite Twelve kept her lips sealed. Yet though she’d

said nothing, Liliana seemed to know exactly what she was thinking.

“I don’t really mind... if Howler steps back... you know? I’ll gladly

dismiss him... if you say out loud... that you think... this is an unfair fight.”

Without a modicum of consideration for Aerith’s feelings, Liliana issued

her that ultimatum. All she had to do to even the playing field was admit

that she was at a disadvantage. All she had to do was whine and complain.

All she had to do was drag the dignity of the Elite Twelve through the mud.

If the only issue was being outnumbered, Aerith wouldn’t have been

irritated. Her senses were sharp—so sharp that she’d even heard the

shocked audience drop the fruits and other foods they were snacking on in

surprise as the fight unfolded. She could have been surrounded by ten

professional assassins, and she would have heard each and every one of

them sneaking up on her. She’d never even feel threatened. But right now,

her brain wasn’t reacting properly to the little girl and pallid beast. She

couldn’t come up with a single defensive plan on the spot that held any

water.

As she spun through ideas in her head, Liliana once more began

murmuring a chant. Each and every word out of her mouth sounded like

another insult to Aerith. Even when Liliana was casting a spell, it was like

she was making fun of her. Aerith had to shut her up somehow.

Yes, all she had to do was seal that wretched little mouth. It was the root

of everything that threatened her, both those terrible spells and those terrible

taunting words. To put an end to it all, she’d stake everything on her next

move. Fanning the flames of hatred in her heart, Aerith unleashed all of her

mana.

But that mass of burning mana was quickly drowned out by a wave of

something far more powerful that overcame it.

“He who is in our surroundings, the one that our eyes cannot see—”

★

Not long before Liliana dealt the decisive blow against Aerith...

Suimei, who was also scheduled to fight that day, was watching the

current match with Felmenia. They were intentionally standing a bit apart

from Reiji and the others so they could talk about Liliana’s performance

without being overheard.

Liliana had just summoned Howler. Felmenia watched with rapt

attention, and then turned to Suimei with a puzzled expression.

“Is that... a familiar?”

“Yup. There’re a lot of familiars that take the form of animals, and that’s

what you’re looking at—a familiar made out of a charm given form.”

Felmenia was unsure of this “charm” business, and the furrow in her

brow deepened accordingly.

“Out of a charm, you say? She didn’t make it out of magicka?”

“Yeah, a charm. Saying she made it out of magicka... It’s not wrong, but

it’s not exactly specific. That thing wasn’t formed by a spell, per se, but by

the peculiar power of the words she used.”

“And that’s what you call a charm?”

While watching Aerith brandish her blade of water, Suimei nodded in

response to Felmenia’s question. He then turned a challenging look on her.

“If it was you in there, how would you break through that?”

“How I would deal with Liliana’s familiar? Hmm, hrmm...”

An answer didn’t immediately surface in Felmenia’s mind, and she

began groaning with a grim, pensive expression on her face. In the middle

of this, someone called out to them from behind.

“Oh? White Flame-dono doesn’t know?”

When they turned towards the owner of the deep, charming voice, they

saw a woman with golden hair dressed in a military uniform—Graziella

Filas Rieseld. Having overheard Suimei’s question, she cut in with a faint

smile on her lips like she knew the answer. Felmenia then replied in a

somewhat surprised tone at her arrival.

“Does Your Imperial Highness know?”

“Well, yeah.”

“If it is alright with you, then might I ask you to explain?”

“I don’t particularly mind, but there’s not much meaning if you don’t

offer Mr. Grumpypants here your own answer. I don’t think he’d be pleased