“That’s why. That’s exactly why. To save or not to save. Feeling sorry

for them like that is purely naive arrogance. If you cling to that with such

zeal when you don’t understand your own place in the world, one day, it

will be the fire that burns you. Do you understand?”

“Sorry, but I was given that lecture a long time ago. Above all else, I’ve

been burned plenty of times already and been through hell for it.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah.”

Saying he would save them, he stuck his neck into the affairs of others

and always ended up getting hurt. That was the punishment and price for his

arrogance. It was something he made his resolve to face long ago without

having to be told. As the two of them silently came to an agreement with

those short words, they once more looked towards the demon general.

He was likely planning to crush them in a single strike. High up in the

skies where their arms couldn’t reach him, he was accumulating his dark

power and kneading it endlessly. But it wasn’t like they could get to him

from the ground. And since their attacks couldn’t reach him, the demon was

just steadily and assuredly preparing his coup de grâce. It was a perfectly

reasonable thing to do. Provided he was actually safe, that is.

“You mere pest. Take my incandescent howl, and depart without leaving

even your bones behind.”

“Permutato, coagulato, vis existito...”

[Transform, coagulate, become power...]

The words that came out of their mouths were the means to crush the

demon general. On one hand was the terrifying pronouncement of a roar,

and on the other was a quicksilver blade. But the first real omen to come

was the tremendous sound of the dragonnewt inhaling.

“Hooooooooh...”

It was as if all the air in their surroundings was being sucked into his

chest. Seeing Eanru take that posture, Suimei moved to his own position. As

he did...

“If you’re saying that you have no other goals in life than eradicating

humanity, then you are likely all proper puppets of the Evil God. So pitiful.

So, so pitiful. But if you plan on bringing harm to others, regardless of

whether or not you’re demons, then I don’t think you deserve to exist. After

killing so many of you, I know I’m a bit of an idiot for saying it now, but...

My god, I didn’t think that the demons would be this far past redemption.”

As Suimei spoke with sorrow towards the sky, he readied his mercury

katana and closed his eyes.

“The heavenly sky that dyes all in its perfectly clear blue light. The

invisible horizon where sea and sky are one. For only this moment in time,

that boundary lies within my hand. Sever the blue sky. Its name is the

dazzling blue azure.”

Holding the mercury katana in both hands, he pointed it to the ground as

he chanted his spell. As the chant echoed out mysteriously in the air, a large

blue magic circle spread out at his feat, and blue flashes of lightning

sparked in the air from his mana. Debris rose from the ground and began

soaring towards the sky.

As by his crackling mana extolling his magicka, Suimei’s mercury

sword inhaled the spectrum from the sky, and his sword turned blue. The

enormous surplus of power gave rise to violent gales around him. Trees,

rocks, and grass all jumbled together as they were uprooted, torn to shreds,

and blown away. Looking up, the blue sky had lost its color, and it now

appeared to be a pitch black night. But not for long.

“Bless Blade!”

An incandescent roar and a pure blue brilliance. The mixture of crimson

and azure threatened the dark skies in flashes. The flock of demons with

Striga at their lead didn’t stand a chance. They were completely obliterated

by the purple blast.

★

In the end, Demon General Striga and all his kin were completely wiped

out. The curtain had fallen on them suddenly, but it was the inevitable end

to this match. Their opponents were simply too much for them. The

winning technique was the combination of a dragon’s roar and the purifying

power of the Bless Blade. As the two came together, it became a ruthless

attack that reminded Suimei of the violent torrent of lightning breath. From

Striga’s point of view, all it would have seemed like was a violent thunder

assaulting his ears. Without even the time to cover them, Striga was

perfectly helpless before such enormous power.

“Man... That’s just bad luck, huh?”

“Seriously. That demon’s misfortune is truly remarkable.”

Though they found the curtain call to be somewhat humorous, they’d

still taken lives, so not even Eanru was smiling right now. It had ended far

too quickly. With that, there were only four demon generals left. Or less, if

another one had been defeated elsewhere. But there was still something that

Suimei found unconvincing. It was what he was thinking about before

Eanru showed up. It was still spinning in the back of his mind.

“What’s wrong? Is there something weighing on you?”

In response to Eanru’s question, Suimei turned his back to him. He was

looking off in the direction of the main encampment.

“I’m going back. I have a really bad feeling.”

“A bad feeling?”

“Yeah, a bad feeling that I get all too frequently.”

Sounding annoyed, he strengthened his body with magicka and was

ready to go. But Eanru still had more to say.

“Then I shall accompany you.”

“Huh?”

“If you have a bad feeling, then it means something that I can enjoy is

going to happen. That’s all.”

“You really need to put that shit to bed.”

As Suimei took on a resigned attitude, Eanru once more began letting

out a pleasant laugh.