quite obvious what she was up to. Liliana was pushing and pulling on Io

Kuzami’s face like it was clay in her hands.

“Ugh! Wh...at in all the h...ells are you do...ing?!”

“Bring back Mizuki. No, leave Mizuki... and never come back.”

“Hey! Lily!”

Liliana squished and reshaped Io Kuzami’s face as she tried to

physically drive her out. Unable to let this continue, Lefille cut between

them in a fluster. Back when Liliana was depressed, Mizuki had done a lot

to cheer her up and care for her. That was likely why she was trying to do

what she could for her now. She felt like she owed her that much.

Eventually, Lefille managed to pry Liliana away from Io Kuzami. But

that didn’t seem to deter her. She thrust a finger out at Io Kuzami with a

snap. It looked like she was planning on using her Astral Shooter to give her

a good shock. Seeing this, Suimei stepped in.

“Liliana, stop that.”

“Why? If something... has possessed Mizuki... won’t this drive it out?”

“No, it’s probably useless. Give it up.”

“Fine... I understand.”

Hearing his words, Liliana lowered her arm despondently. Meanwhile,

Reiji and Titania simply looked like they had no idea what was going on.

Astral Shooter was the technique Suimei had taught Liliana to extend

her own astral body to attack an opponent’s. It manifested a physical effect

by making use of the connection between the physical and astral body. The

astral body referred to the shell that enveloped a being spiritually. To put it

roughly, it was the glue that bound together the things known as the soul

and the consciousness. And since consciousness was part of the astral body,

astral attacks weren’t as effective against targets who’d fainted or were

asleep.

And presently, Mizuki wasn’t conscious either, meaning she was in a

state in which an astral attack wouldn’t reach her. But the astral body of the

thing possessing Mizuki was connected to her body right now, so it should

still affect Io Kuzami. Liliana’s aim was likely to use her Astral Shooter to

take decisive action against it and, if circumstances permitted, pull it out

and urge Mizuki’s mind to reawaken. Little did she know it was effectively

impossible to wake someone from an out of body experience. However,

because the proprietor of the outer layer of the consciousness was not the

soul, the astral body and physical body were not so firmly connected that it

would be impossible to remove something that had become attached in the

wrong place.

Such a high-handed method would be befitting of exorcism, which was

likely the approach Liliana had taken. But even if she did it and succeeded,

it would only purge rather than erase the thing possessing Mizuki. And

without anything to defend Mizuki, it could simply just possess her all over

again. If Suimei at least knew its real name, he would be able to bind it and

obstruct any attempts at repossession, but...

Despite having just been pinched mercilessly by Liliana, Io Kuzami for

some reason had a content look on her face.

“Oh patched eye girl, you have quite the violent and dangerous side to

you, don’t you? Indeed, those garments are also to my liking. I shall make

you my disciple.”

“I decline.”

“Of course. Now that you have become my disciple, you require your

own darkness codename... We shall start with a temporary one. You are the

black emissary who hides the evil eye of the dragon king, so ‘Dragon Eyes

Black Lolita’ shall do.”

“Is this a card game now...?”

“It really is like a card game name...”

“She’s not... listening to me...”

As if she hadn’t heard Liliana’s refusal at all, Io Kuzami was steadily

moving forward with the preparations (?) to make Liliana her disciple.

Those observing her vainglorious behavior were split between exasperation

and exhaustion. Granted, that had largely been the reaction to Io Kuzami

from the start.

However, the chaos in the Yakagi residence was far from over. Right

after one disturbance quieted down, another came rioting to the forefront.

“...Hmm?”

Suimei noticed the abrupt irregularity and frowned dubiously.

“Suimei-dono, is something the matter?”

“We have a guest. On top of that... Hey, they’re just entering the house

as they please!”

The Yakagi residence in the Empire was the same as the Yakagi

residence in Japan in that it was protected by a barrier of sensory and

monitoring magicka. Because of that, whenever there were intruders or

visitors, that information was relayed directly to Suimei’s mind.

“Who is it, Suimei-dono?”

“Wai— It’s that dangerous woman!”

“Wh-What?!”

Hearing Suimei’s ominous words, Lefille was the one who yelled out

loudly. She seemed to have guessed who it was on that description alone.

After all, there was only one person Suimei talked about that way. As

Lefille began panicking, Liliana observed her with a knitted brow.

“What’s wrong... Lefille?”

“This is the worst possible situation! I-Is there somewhere I can hide?!”

“You need... a hiding place? If so... then they’re all over. Like there... for

example.”

Liliana glanced over to a desk set up in the corner of the living room

with a quilt over it. Certainly, considering her current stature, Lefille would

be able to hide herself under it. It would be rather cramped and unpleasant,

but desperate times called for desperate measures. Resigning herself, the

panicking Lefille transformed into a red gale and leaped into hiding. In the

blink of an eye, she was stowed under the desk, but her long, red ponytail

was still sticking out. It was a somewhat comical case of hiding one’s head,

but leaving their ass exposed. Indeed, she was perfectly given away as she

was, but nobody could bring themselves to tell her.

“Suimei, when you said ‘that dangerous woman,’ did you mean Her

Imperial Highness Graziella?” asked Titania, her expression betraying her

clenched jaw.

“Yeah. Come to think of it, you hate her too, don’t you? Should I turn

her away?”

“Kick her out! Make her leave!” shouted the desk from the corner.

Ignoring the unasked-for commotion, Suimei looked at Titania with a

troubled expression.

“No, it’s fine. I am personally rather reluctant, but please do as you see

fit.”

In other words, Titania was alright with letting her in. If she’d come

here, after all, it was likely on some sort of business. But even knowing

that, Titania couldn’t help the grand sigh that escaped her lips. They still

didn’t get along.

Suimei then looked at Reiji, who also nodded. He had no objection. And

before long, the door to the living room opened. The one to appear in the

doorway, as everyone expected, was Imperial Princess Graziella Filas

Rieseld.

Without a single escort, she’d come on her own. Perhaps that was

because of her unshakable conceit, but even though it was inside the

imperial capital, the Yakagi residence should have been hostile territory for

her. Nevertheless, she didn’t seem to be on guard in the least. In fact, the

first thing that came out of her mouth was something that sounded an awful

lot like an apology.

“Sorry I’m late. The reports had really piled up.”

Her announcement of tardiness made it sound like it had been her

intention to come here all along. And sooner, no less. Everyone beheld her

with a puzzled expression, but Graziella was looking over to the corner of

the living room. At the ponytail sticking out from the desk, specifically.

There was no need to ask the reason for her skeptical look.

“...By the way, what is that?”

Hearing Graziella’s question, Lefille’s ponytail jumped in fright. Lefille

was unable to see anybody from her hiding spot, so she wasn’t yet certain

she’d been found out... though the atmosphere in the room probably gave it

away. Perhaps unable to bear the awkward silence any longer, she came out

from under the desk.

“Hmph... So you spotted me.”

Lefille had more or less accepted her fate, but she was acting like

nothing happened and trying to brush her embarrassing failure under the

rug. She was trying to act cool, but it just wasn’t working with the way she

looked. Meanwhile, when Graziella saw (the now tiny) Lefille, her gaze

grew even more scrutinizing.

“Who is that? She seems familiar.”

“What? Oh, um... I’m, um...”

It seemed she hadn’t been found out yet after all. Clinging to that hope,

she made one last desperate attempt to deceive Graziella, but she was too

slow on the draw. Reiji and Titania were far faster.

“It’s Lefille-san.”

“It is the Shrine Maiden of Spirits.”

“NOOOOOOOO! You can’t tell her!”

They had no ill intentions; they were simply telling the truth. But it was

a death sentence to Lefille. After she shrieked, the room sank into silence.

“The Shrine Maiden of Spirits? This little girl?”

When Graziella asked for confirmation, Lefille nodded once. It was

quite hard to believe that a person could shrink, but perhaps because

Graziella was familiar with Lefille, she couldn’t laugh off the resemblance.

Meanwhile, Lefille was suddenly gripped by a strange notion.

“H-Hmph! Wanna fight? If you do, then I’ll gladly accept your

challenge! I can still use the power of the spirits in this form this time! So if

you’re going to come at me, then come!”

Lefille began shadowboxing, throwing her tiny punches in Graziella’s

direction. Her movements were impressively swift, but that only increased

the strangeness of the situation. Graziella was left utterly befuddled.

Eventually, after managing to take it all in, or perhaps just hitting her

breaking point...

“Pfft! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! What the hell is this?! Isn’t it just

far too silly?! T-Tiny! You’re tiny, you know?! No matter how you look at

it, this is foul play, Shrine Maiden-dono! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Graziella could scarcely contain her laughter. She was in stitches, nearly

doubled over and holding her sides as she roared. As for the subject of her

laughter, Lefille was mortified and on the verge of tears.

“Fuuuuuuuuck! Don’t laugh! I’m not like this because I want to be! So

not one more laugh out of you! If you insist on continuing, then I won’t

show any mercy!”

With tears in her eyes, Lefille was stomping her feet and flailing her

arms. And in a most unusual turn for her, she even started cursing. In

response to that, Graziella did her best to speak through her laughter.

“N-No, I will cease for now. I have a debt to repay you, but it would

merely be considered bullying right now. And it’s not nice to bully the

weak, now is it, Shrine Maiden-dono?”

Graziella turned a pointed gaze on Lefille as she spoke plainly of her

grudge. It sounded like she was criticizing something that had come up the

last time they encountered one another. Lefille seemed to be at a loss for

words, and after trembling in frustration for a while...

“UWAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

She let out a full-throttle wail of frustration and stormed away. As if

chasing her from the area, Graziella’s laughter filled the room once more.

“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I can’t—I just can’t! This is... f-far too

silly...”

Her words contained not a hint of sarcasm. It seemed she found Lefille’s

reaction to be honestly amusing. Plunking down into a chair, she continued

to cackle. Having passed on interjecting in their exchange, Suimei’s

thoughts turned pityingly on Lefille as he groaned.

★

When Lefille eventually returned after storming off, Graziella took to

questioning her immediately.

“So, what happened? What’s become of you, Shrine Maiden-dono?”

She was being perfectly serious, but because she still couldn’t quite

contain herself, an unmistakable grin rose on her lips. Lefille stuck her

tongue out and pouted in an extremely childlike fashion.

“Nothing in particular!” she huffed, turning her head away indignantly.

“But look at you. Unless my eyes deceive me, you’re quite a bit smaller

than when we last met.”

“Do you have some sort of complaint, Your Highness?”

“Hardly. In fact, I find it rather amusing. Why don’t we schedule

appearances for you at the imperial cathedral like this? Demonstrating your