had said there were, so Suimei had asked to take care of those. Of course,

since he was working alone, he’d added the caveat, “To the extent that I

can.”

“Originally, I planned to get paid for this, but it isn’t too bad if I think of

it as doing a favor to lessen the burden on Lefille and Reiji, really.”

Before heading out, Suimei had made that declaration at the

encampment. In his world, the work of magicians came at a high price, so it

was perfectly natural for him to think about compensation when lending a

hand. But this time, there were also his companions to think about, as well

as the fact that he was being supplied with food and any other provisions he

needed. In light of that, he tried to think of this as an exchange of sorts.

Of course, he also thought it would be perfectly reasonable if he didn’t

stick his neck out at all. For the time being, in order to keep Reiji from

suspecting anything, he was supposedly assisting Lefille’s unit. He’d

departed with them, but then parted ways with them in order to move on his

own.

Spreading out a map and confirming the position of the stars, he

determined where he was and where the units sent out to stall the demons

were. Avoiding them and the paths that the imperial troops were using, he

strengthened his body with magicka and made his way through the

treacherous mountain terrain, practically skipping and humming until he

came across a force of demons.

There were easily two hundred of them, all of which were moving on

foot. An infantry unit, it seemed, advancing through the forest in a single

clump. Mowing down trees as they pressed forward like they owned the

place, they looked just like a giant caterpillar devouring a leaf as it moved

across it.

And unlike the mostly humanoid demons that so often appeared in

fantasy stories, these were much closer to beasts and insects. They had large

builds twice the size of even the tallest basketball players. They had

exoskeletons covered in pitch black cuticle, which looked as hard as rock.

Like they were talking amongst themselves, their spidery mandibles were

clattering ominously.

“Ugeh...”

They inspired an unrivaled feeling of revulsion in Suimei. Compared to

them, the demons he’d met before were much easier on the eyes. Their

external appearance was much more put together than these creepy ones.

Suimei found them absolutely revolting and unconsciously expressed his

disgust with a groan. But now that he’d found them, he had to do something

about them. He was at the crossroads of deciding how to proceed.

Should he annihilate them? Or should he just deal a devastating blow to

the group and then retreat? With this many of them, two or three grand

magickas would take care of the whole lot. But thinking about it from the

perspective of the strategy the Empire was putting into play, it would be

fine if he didn’t go that far. All he really had to do was stall them and, if the

circumstances permitted, take a few of them out before reporting back.

However...

Considering what’s to come...

Suimei’s sudden anxiety wasn’t about the fight before him, but about

himself. He had no misgivings about throwing down with the demons, but

right now, they weren’t the only shadow looming over him.

His biggest concern was the Universal Apostles, Eanru’s group led by

the mirage man. He genuinely and truly considered them a serious threat.

There was Eanru’s sheer physical strength, not to mention the talent the

mirage man had displayed with his magicka. Thinking about his inevitable

conflict with them, Suimei knew he had to fight and grow stronger. Next

time, he wanted to be able to stand up to them.

“That’s why... Well, I know I need to sharpen my battle senses, but...”

It just seemed like a poor plan to simply throw himself into the middle

of a demon army for that. A magician had to fight like a magician. There

was nothing to be gained from recklessly rushing into battle. Moreover, the

goal he was chasing was vague.

But, with things as they stood, he felt pressured to take on this reckless,

vague challenge. He wasn’t happy with the way he was, and he wanted to

change that. If he simply stood still, the day would again come where he

would be smeared across the earth.

Reaffirming the determination in his heart, Suimei jumped out from the

shadow of a tree. The demons immediately raised their ear-grating voices as

they rushed towards him. They wanted to tear apart his weak human body

with their claws and sharp insectoid mouthpieces.

But it wasn’t just their strength they were relying on. What made them

the most dangerous was the dark power surrounding their bodies. It was like

a mysterious, sinister aura. Different from the negative powers behind dark

magic, it was the power that drew from the Evil God as a source. If

someone who didn’t posses the Goddess’s protection took a blow from that

to their bare flesh, it wouldn’t end with a simple wound.

“However...”

However, just what was there that he had to fear about that? Certainly,

the Evil God’s power was astounding. Almost all deific power was. But

compared to all of the other fights he’d been through before this day, it

didn’t scare him. He’d fought far worse, and frequently, at that.

Naturally, those were fights against wielders of mystical powers. But

really, it could be said that even the most common fights in his world

surpassed those here. In the modern world, almost all fighting was carried

out with technology and military tactics that made full use of it. Machine

guns that could fire a hail of bullets. Anti-tank grenades like the RPG-7 that

granted a single human terrifying destructive potential. Flying at mach 2,

anti-ship missiles that could accurately strike from two kilometers away, not

to mention the missile cruisers that housed them. Assault helicopters like

the Super Hind that could gun down humans from the sky.

Remembering his fights against such things, just how could fighting

against demons even compare? Recalling fighting opponents with attacks

that came in near the speed of sound from unknown locations, the threat of

an attack he could see right in front of him was nearly laughable. He could

probably handle this with one hand tied behind his back, if not both.

Dodging the strike coming straight at him from the front and defending

against the claws swinging in from the side with magicka, he returned the

attack with fire magicka. As the rest of the demons closed in, he blew away

the ground beneath them as he jumped into the air.

“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore. Parito colluctatione et

aestuato. Deferto impedimentum fatum atrox.”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment. Give

form to death’s agony and burst into flames. Bestow the one who obstructs

me with a dreadful destiny.]

Under the clear blue sky, Suimei’s chant brought about a burst of fire in

the forest. White smoke from all the incinerated demon flesh rose into the

air, and the earth was bathed in red. It was like the scenery of a nightmare.

Below that refreshing blue sky that would calm anybody’s heart, a banquet

of burning hell was unfolding. That impression didn’t seem to change no

matter how many times he witnessed it. Knitting his brow at the screams

and carnage, Suimei indulged himself in idle thoughts for a moment.

In any case, what does it mean that the demons move in such

monotonous, predictable ways?

What came to mind was something he’d been curious about for quite a

while now. From what Suimei had seen to date, the demons fought using

the singular strategy of trying to push straight into human territory. Even

when Vuishta caught Hatsumi in his scheme, the main force of the demon

army was still just charging straight forward in a frontal attack.

The demons would take up formations with tactless simplicity, but they

hardly relied on strategy. Their only tactics were to move forward using

brute force to overcome. It was arguably an effective tactic considering

their numbers, but that effectiveness dropped off dramatically when

opposed—which the demons constantly were. To battle them, the people of

this world wielded magic and cooperation. They even summoned heroes

from other worlds. And that was why, up until now, the demons had always

been kept at bay, exiled to their own corner of the world. They were

mounting a considerable offensive now, yet they still single-mindedly

attacked with such simple honesty.

It’s almost like...

Yes, it was like they were saying that they wanted to be killed. In spite

of the fact that their opponents took countermeasures against them, all they

did was wield the same old-fashioned fossil of a fighting style they always

had. It was like they were rushing towards their own deaths.

Suimei incidentally recalled the famous hoax involving animals that

committed mass suicide. It was anecdotally said that lemmings would

strangely form groups and, one after the other, throw themselves off cliffs

into the ocean to drown. This didn’t actually happen, of course, but it’s what

he felt like he was watching.

Unless the demons’ attacks are so monotonous in order to lure their

opponents into carelessness... But there’s no payoff to that. The stages they

could put that to use in are severely limited, and it’s not like losing all these

small battles is going to secretly win them the war. I may just be

overthinking things, or perhaps their goal is something else altogether...

While fighting back the demons, Suimei gradually fell yet deeper into

thought. The way he saw it, it was entirely possible that the main demon

force attacking the Empire was a decoy, and another force was sneaking

under their noses to attack a different location. Since the demons were now

active in the Empire and the Alliance, if a detachment was dispatched, it

would likely be headed for Astel. But the losses they were taking to do that

seemed to outweigh any possible benefit they would reap from it.

Certainly, during the chaos when Astel was forced to accept refugees

from other fallen nations to the north, it was the right time to attack, but

still... It would be extending their forces far too much. A detachment like

that would also be out of the reach of their supply line.

Just what were they planning? No, maybe there wasn’t anything in

particular at all. Falling deeper into thought, Suimei grew a little slow, and

the encirclement of demons around him grew thicker. Their annoying

chattering interrupted his train of thought, however, so Suimei began a

chant to shut them up. But before he could finish it, the entire mob of

demons was blown away.

It was like they were grasped by a gigantic invisible hand and crushed.

And then Suimei saw it happen for himself. He spotted three glassy spheres

of mana that reflected the images of demons within them. Tolerating no

resistance, it mercilessly crushed them. Suimei turned around and glared at

the man who’d appeared behind him, firing off a pointed question with a

sharp tongue.

“What are you up to?”

“Nothing. They were gathered in such a nice formation, so I took care of

them.”

The man Suimei turned to had silver horns and was standing in the

middle of a pool of demon blood and meat. He wore white vestments

similar to traditional Japanese clothing that left his chest exposed. He had a

glossy, black rosary-like necklace hanging around his neck. His face always

wore the same fearless smile, like he found everything in the world to his

pleasure and intended to spread that cheer. It was almost uncanny seeing

him standing in the bloodbath of his own making like that. He was like the

very avatar of battle—the dragonnewt of the Universal Apostles, Eanru.

Stifling a laugh, Eanru drew nearer. He didn’t seem to see the demons

around him. Or perhaps he just didn’t care. It was like he was blind to any

sense of danger, but Suimei was the same way.

“I think it’s a little early for a rematch though...”

“What are you saying? There’s no early or late when it comes to

fighting, right? As long there are two opponents, whether it be at the ends of

the earth or the end of time, they’re destined to fight wherever they meet.”

“To turn a reunion into a fight... Are you a member of the Maeda clan or

something?”

Suimei sighed in exasperation, and Eanru unfurled his bloodlust to get

him to change his tune. Even surrounded by an enemy army, he was

seriously preparing himself for a rematch. It was true that their conflict had

no set time and place. But even so, getting into it here and now was far too

capricious.

Though for a battle-dominating dragonnewt, even concerns like

environment were but trifling matters. Demons were a dime a dozen to him,

and certainly wouldn’t get in the way while he was fighting Suimei. And

even Suimei was staring to think the same. The moment rivals encountered

each other, any stage could be an arena.

The atmosphere gradually began screaming. The demons who weren’t

stopped by Suimei’s flames were no longer moving. They were beings who

knew nothing of fear, but between Suimei’s mana and Eanru’s fighting

spirit clashing against each other, they were physically bound in place.