But all of a sudden, Eanru’s fearless smile vanished.

“Haha, I was kidding. I was just kidding. As I thought, there are many

useless things that come up upon meeting you.”

“Huh?”

“It’s nothing. It just means I didn’t come here today to fight with you.”

“Then—”

“Listen, today I came here to defeat these damn pests. And I incidentally

just so happened to run into you along the way.”

“Incidentally?”

“Yes, incidentally.”

“You came all the way here just to defeat these small fries?”

“The real show comes after this. This is just the opening act.”

“In other words, a demon general or something is coming, huh?

Abducting heroes then fighting demons... What you guys are doing makes

no sense, you know?”

“That would only be from your point of view. From ours, for the time

being, it makes perfect sense.”

Eanru ultimately gave a non-answer. Suimei understood that he was here

to destroy the demons, but didn’t understand why. Moreover, if he didn’t

want to fight Suimei, why had he made contact in the first place?

“So, what do you really want?”

“You are also here to defeat these damn pests, correct? I just thought it

would go faster if we did so together.”

“You’re saying since our goals are the same, we should cooperate? I

don’t have any intention of getting along, you know?”

“Likewise. If we get along too well, it would only become a hindrance

during our rematch, after all.”

“You seriously only care about crap like that, huh?”

“So?”

Eanru’s tone had completely changed. He was asking whether or not

Suimei would go along with his suggestion. Eanru was his enemy, but he

also wasn’t the scheming type. He sought pure, unadulterated battle. He

would even cast aside his alleged duties to get it. That was just the kind of

guy he was.

If Suimei refused, it would prove a poor move to have their fights

overlap. There was no need to deliberately increase the number of his

opponents. And since it was Suimei’s main goal to defeat the demons, it

really wouldn’t hurt to have an extra hand. But if they fought together here,

he’d end up revealing some of the cards he had stashed up his sleeve... No,

that was true for both of them. And in that sense, they’d still be on a level

playing field, so there was no point in refusing.

“...You’re on.”

“Then it’s decided. Just for now, I will entrust my back to you.”

Suimei nodded. And without another word, they turned their backs to

each other and turned their previously clashing mana and fighting spirit on

the demons surrounding them. In an unexpected turn of events, Suimei had

formed a temporary alliance with a dragonnewt.

And it was an utter massacre. Neither of them had felt in danger in the

first place, but now that they were working together, they were additionally

relieved of the burden of watching their backs, leaving them to focus solely

on the fight in front of them.

Using magicka, Suimei reduced the demons to ashes. But right behind

him, double the amount of demons were obliterated by Eanru’s fist. There

wasn’t even the slightest chance they could lose. Up against such a measly

gang of demons, the fight would be over in a flash. When he realized this,

Eanru moved to taking care of the demons flanking them. His eyes

glimmered, and each and every demon he was glaring at was crushed in an

instant.

“Tch, the draconic eye...”

It was the technique that had defeated the demons surrounding Suimei

earlier. Among all techniques that caused harm using only one’s gaze, it was

the easiest to imagine. The Evil Eye. In the world of magicka, it was one of

the most simple and ancient techniques there was. It was originally a type

of curse inflicted by an envious or jealous glare... Though obviously, what

Eanru was using didn’t share that origin, but there was no mistaking it was

an astounding attack. And it was hard to even recognize as an attack,

making it even easier to fall prey to it. After wiping out a large number of

the demons, Eanru suddenly smiled.

“What are you laughing at now?”

“Nothing. It’s just, even with such worthless pests as opponents,

slaughtering them while standing shoulder to shoulder with someone strong

is unexpectedly exhilarating. That’s all.”

“Hah?”

“Truly unexpected. Despite fighting for several decades, to think the day

would come where I felt this way... Even small fries have a use in their own

little way, it seems.”

Suimei had no idea what he was talking about. Perhaps this was like a

game to him to see who could defeat more demons. Yeah, it was a lot like

chaining moves in puzzle games. Eanru wasn’t sadistic; he was just having

fun. Destroying these bugs was like lining up the perfect combo and seeing

all the pieces disappear from the board. Pure satisfaction.

★

Dominating the sky was a swarm of demons. Like a large flock of black

swans, they painted it black as they moved en masse. Demon General Striga

was in the lead, guiding his kin through the skies as he led them straight

south.

“‘The human armies cannot ambush the skies, thus, I would like you to

charge straight in,’ was it? Hmph.”

Flapping his wings as he moved along, he discontentedly muttered about

the order Lishbaum had passed down to him.

“It is likely that in this battle, the human armies will fully expect and

believe a simplistic strategy from us. Using that against them, myself, Ilzarl-

dono, and Grallajearus-dono will unleash a surprise attack on their main

camp, so I would like Latora-dono and Striga-dono to serve as decoys. That

way, we will be able to deal a severe blow to the human army and defeat

them easily.”

That was the summation of their war council before they went their

separate ways, and it was certainly as Lishbaum said. If they were able to

outwit the human army, they could expect to deal a serious blow. Their

main encampment would become a mass grave. The real question was

simply whether or not the humans they were launching this surprise attack

on were worth going to such lengths for.

“Forget strategy against the humans! Isn’t it fine to just trample them

underfoot? Just what is that guy afraid of from these maggots?”

Tactics like this should be reserved for opponents that required such

measures. It was true that sometimes a bit of intellectual power was needed

when brute strength wasn’t enough. But brute strength was more than

enough to quash the humans.

Human soldiers were absolutely nothing to be feared. They had banded

together to manage a few victories here and there, but whenever the demons

dug in and began crushing them, they immediately retreated, scurrying

away in shame.

It would be one thing if the demons were actually being pushed back,

but employing such a strategy under the current circumstances was a joke.

That was why Striga had his doubts about the plan, which only intensified

his doubts about the one that had petitioned it—Lishbaum.

“Has he lost his nerve? This is seriously ridiculous. That damn fool...”

His dissatisfaction had surpassed its limits. Idle complaints were just

overflowing from his mouth. Lishbaum was always going on about his

plans, outwitting the humans, and crushing them before they became a

threat, all despite being a newcomer among the demon court. He spoke like

his will and Nakshatra’s were one in the same, and pushed his schemes on

the others with no hesitation.

There was nothing more frustrating than that. If he had abilities like

Ilzarl or Latora, it would be one thing. But for someone with such uncertain

powers to put on such a grand farce... There was no way Striga could accept

it. Flying along as he continued to curse Lishbaum, one of his kin that he

sent ahead for reconnaissance returned.

“There are humans up ahead. They are probably soldiers who got

separated from their unit.”

Reading its thoughts, he didn’t get any particularly good news. If they’d

stumbled across a full human unit, he was planning to kick them around,

but it was just two stragglers. It would have been perfectly fine to leave one

or two maggots be, but the idea of changing course to avoid them left a bad

taste in his mouth.

And so he planned on continuing forward, trampling the stragglers and

slaughtering them while they drowned in despair. He needed to blow off a

little steam. The moment he found them, he could take all his pent-up

resentment out on them. While fantasizing about that...

“The force that you sent ahead was nowhere to be found.”

“What?”

Striga doubted the information reported to him, and immediately shook

his head as he deemed it worthless. If they couldn’t be found, then it likely

meant they’d just gotten lost somewhere. The force of demons Striga sent

ahead was composed of nothing but brutish sentries with nothing

resembling intelligence. Demons who had wings were intelligent enough to

use language, but those in the shape of beasts and insects rarely did. Their

talent was in their strength alone. It wasn’t hard to think they’d get lost

along the winding mountain path, and without the brains to correct their

course, they would only end up loitering around.

“They couldn’t possibly have been defeated by those damn humans.”

Striga rejected such worries with a laugh. That would indeed be

impossible. If it was true that there were only two stragglers up ahead, there

wasn’t even a human army around. And defeating his kin was a feat that

would require at least an entire battalion, which was unrealistic to move

around in this kind of terrain. It would be a different story if they could fly,

but the poor, sorry humans were all earthbound. The only possibility left

was that the two stragglers had wiped them out, which was completely

laughable.

Lowering his altitude, Striga continued south. An open area eventually

came into view. Isolated in the craggy mountains, it was completely flat

land without any trees. Just as he’d seen through his kin’s eyes, there were

only two men standing there. As expected, they were pitiful stranded

soldiers. But Striga had no intention of showing them any mercy. The desire

of Evil God Zekaraia and Demon Lord Nakshatra was the eradication of all

humans, after all.

The only mystery is that, despite being discovered, the humans show no

sign of surprise...

Despite being approached by a large aerial force of demons, they simply

looked to the sky calmly. There was a man in white and a man in black, the

former with green hair and the latter with black. That it turned out to be a

human and a demi-human was somewhat unexpected, but Striga put the

issue out of his mind. Flapping his wings with beats much louder than

necessary, he descended.

“Humans, you truly are unfortunate bastards to be left behind by your

friends and found by me!”

Striga made that declaration to intimidate them, but neither one said a

word. One just stood there calmly, and the other only looked at him with an

idiotic expression.

“What’s the matter? Cat got your tongues? It’s fine to cry and wail like

the other humans while begging for forgiveness. Show me that little

sideshow you bastards often do on the verge of death.”

“Nah, I’ll pass on doing something so lame.”

The man with the idiotic expression shrugged his shoulders and began

laughing scornfully. To speak so frivolously despite being in such a dire

situation... Striga was sorely amused at his apparent stupidity.

“Heh heh heh... You sure have a mouth on you, for seeing what you’re

up against. I’ll praise your stupid bravado.”

“It’s not bravado, though. Or a bluff, for that matter.”

With that, the man in black grimaced. As he did, he tilted his head

slightly and looked to the man in white standing next to him.

“It seems the other side is under some kinda misunderstanding or

something, but what do you think? Are they a threat?”

“Hmph, I shall ask you the same in return. Do you feel any threat from

this medley of pests? They’re no more than a mosquito swarm on the side

of the road, don’t you think?”

Hearing what the man in white said, Striga was struck silent for a

moment. Just what were these humans talking about? Were they so afraid

that they’d lost their minds? Forget being composed in the face of danger,

they were outright insulting the demons—beings that humans shouldn’t