tremendous blow. That being said, in the end, I still think it’s a shoddy plan

to divide our forces before the major threat that lies in front of us.”

“Lefille-san and Sensei are a big part of our war potential, after all.”

As Reiji gave his thoughts, Lefille added on an apology.

“Forgive us, Lady Christa, but the matter with the Holy State’s hero will

have to wait. Naturally, if the Empire’s neighboring countries were to offer

assistance and slow the demons’ advance, things would be a different

story.”

“I understand.”

“So we’re going to fight the demons, huh? I feel like we just did that...”

While saying that, Suimei cocked his head to the side. Just how did

those around him perceive this behavior? Was he under some kind of

misunderstanding, or was he just making a foolish display and pretending to

forget? Those who had been travelling with Suimei looked at him like it

was the latter.

“Goodness, how to put it...? Things just do not seem to be going Suimei-

dono’s way.”

Her moderate tone didn’t have any sarcasm in it, but since Felmenia was

smiling, she probably found this comical. She was likely intimating that

Suimei didn’t really want to fight the demons, and this would be the third

time he’d been forced to. Catching on, it was Reiji who followed up on her

remark.

“You’ve been saying that you didn’t want to fight ever since we were at

the castle. But considering your personality, things were bound to end up

like this. You should’ve just come with us from the start.”

“Shut up! That would throw my plans out of order!”

“Then why didn’t you refuse now? Isn’t that your norm?”

“Ugh...”

He couldn’t say anything back to that. Looking around, the girls were

astonished. Some were even giggling. Even Reiji, who had cornered him so,

was pleasantly laughing. But it didn’t last long. When his laughter quieted

down, he looked at Suimei earnestly.

“But seriously, Suimei, will you be alright?”

“Hmm? What do you mean?”

“I mean fighting. You’ll be up against demons. And a ton of them, at

that.”

“It’ll work out. There’s plenty of strong people around. I can just

discretely hide behind Lefi or Menia.”

“Casually hiding behind girls is a little... you know...”

“I’ve only got one life.”

Naturally, Suimei was only saying he’d do that because he didn’t want

to reveal his abilities to Reiji. Reiji simply took his friend at face value, but

Suimei’s travelling companions seemed none too happy about the way he

was talking.

“My...”

“Ha... haha...”

“Suimei, should be sued... at least once.”

“What’s with you guys?”

A stern gaze, a bitter smile, and harsh words were all turned on him.

Suimei tried to calm the three girls down, but to no avail.

“Then I will—”

As Christa began to speak, Graziella cut her off before she could finish

her sentence.

“It should be fine for you to just stand by at the Church of Salvation. I

understand that you are worried about your hero, but until we have finished

our preparations, absolutely do not act on your own.”

“...Understood.”

“And don’t worry so much. It will be sufficient if Reiji and the others

lend a hand in the first battle. Once the prospect of victory is clear, they can

go rescue El Meide’s hero.”

Graziella tried to cheer up the downcast Christa, but her words were

perhaps overly optimistic.

“That’s only if we’re able to muster enough forces to proceed to the next

stage...”

“Things with Astel should work out one way or the other. The problem

is the Alliance and the self-governed state...”

The ones to express skepticism were Reiji and Titania, and they both had

very real concerns. Since Titania was present, it was possible that Astel

would make a move, but they had no such in with the Saadias Alliance.

“Hey, I just thought of something interesting.”

Suimei flashed a turbulent, mischievous smile. Seeing that, Reiji pulled

back a little.

“Uh oh.... That’s the face you make whenever you think of something

evil.”

“That ‘evil’ part was unnecessary, damn it.”

“So? Just what trouble did you think of this time?”

“Oh, just something that you and Christa need to collaborate on...”

Suimei then began explaining the sinister trick he’d concocted.

★

Since Reiji and Titania had declared their intent to aid the Empire,

Astel’s response came quickly. With their hero and princess fighting against

the demons, they no longer had the option of remaining spectators in the

conflict and immediately announced that they would be sending

reinforcements. With Titania making herself known, however, they had lost

any advantage that was to be had from moving behind the scenes. But upon

receiving their reply from the castle, it seemed not all of the information

had reached the royal capital, which was something of a relief to Titania.

“Thank goodness, right?”

“It’s still too early to relax. Despite promising reinforcements, it’s not

out of the question that it will take too long for them to organize and send

troops.”

Such was the exchange between Reiji and Graziella. Things were going

well, but as Graziella suggested, whether it would all really work out had

yet to be determined. They weren’t exactly sure where the breakdown in

communication had occurred, so it was possible they’d received faulty

information and Astel’s army wasn’t actually marching at all. Or even that

they might end up withdrawing if things got too bad in the Empire before

they made it. Even if Astel had offered assistance in the Empire’s time of

need, they would still do what they had to in order to protect themselves.

Suimei and the others were presently in the mountainous northern region

of the Empire where the Imperial Army was preparing to advance on the

demons. They were set up in the gently sloping foothills, but if they

proceeded any further, the terrain quickly became much more precipitous.

So much so that it made it difficult to gather men and impossible to set up a

base. That’s why they’d chosen the hillside for their base camp.

With a cliff to its back, the encampment was a wide line of tents. There

were impromptu defensive walls setup, groups of large wooden stakes

positioned like pikes ready to receive charging horses, mages and archers

waiting in trenches, and a large number of other soldiers amassing. It had

only been a few days since the army first began to move, and the wilderness

in the northern region of the country was constantly ravaged by the fury of

strong winds. That they’d been able to build any encampment here at all

under such conditions—especially so quickly—was in no small part thanks

to the power of magic.

Anything that required moving earth or stone was handled by specialists

of the earth attribute, work that required lumber was taken care of by

specialists of the wood attribute, and so on. It seemed that a great number of

such field magic users had gathered here, making for an impressively large

encampment. Its abundance of mages was certainly a strong point of the

Imperial Army.

And in a corner of the rather remarkable encampment, Suimei sat

looking up at the clear sky overhead.

“As expected of such a high place, it’s getting chilly...”

He wasn’t talking to anyone in particular. He was simply remarking at

the cold the harsh wind brought with it. It wasn’t to the point he could see

his breath, but it was a marked and unpleasant change from the weather in

Filas Philia.

After getting an eyeful of the seemingly endless sky so typical of

mountain regions, Suimei lowered his gaze down to the gravel path.

Standing there in front of him was a still-tiny Lefille, her red ponytail

blowing in the wind.

“Lefi, how’s your body? Think you’ll make it in time?”

“There’s some feedback. A little more... Within a few days, I’ll probably

be able to return to my original form.”

“Sounds like it’ll be fine.”

If Lefille herself was feeling feedback, then things were probably on

schedule. Suimei had created a magicka circle to help her regain her body

and had been performing the ritual to return her powers. So if she was

beginning to feel the effects of it, then all was going smoothly.

Lefille actually didn’t seem to suffer any for being in her reduced form.

It was unknown whether or not that was because of the power of spirits, but

her condition was almost enviable right now. The cute, frilly clothes she

was wearing looked completely out of place on the battlefield.

But the far-off look on her face as she gazed nostalgically into the sky

was a different story. She seemed perfectly at peace in the cold, likely

because she was from much farther north. She and Suimei stood there for a

while admiring the heavens in a corner of the encampment before someone

called out to them.

“Suimei-dono, Lefille.”

As Suimei turned to the familiar voice, he saw Felmenia approaching

with some soldiers.

“What’s up, Menia?”

“It seems that a strategy meeting is being conducted in one of the large

tents soon. Reiji-dono and Her Royal Highness are already headed there. If

you’re not particularly busy, they have requested your attendance as well.”

Suimei gave a nod, and both he and Lefille followed Felmenia. After

passing by a jumbled mess of stockpiled goods, several watchtowers,

countless tents stuffed with soldiers, and two mess halls, they finally arrived

at the large tent. Inside were several of the the generals and staff officers

they’d met earlier, all silently seated around a table. Following Felmenia’s

guidance, Suimei and Lefille took their seats near Reiji’s group. The general

in charge of the meeting was Graziella’s older brother, the first imperial

prince of the Empire, Reanat Filas Rieseld.

He had majestic ornaments in his long, blond hair, and his slender figure

was beautifully robed in exquisite clothes. Graziella sat next to him as he

grandly took his place at the head of the table. As was the case during the

incident in the Empire, it seemed he was the type to take matters into his

own hands. He was likely working to amass achievements as the next in

line for the throne, but that was neither here nor there right now.

“First, I would like to greet our guests here today,” Reanat began. “Your

Royal Highness Titania, it was good of you to come. If not for you, then

Astel would likely not have taken action. You have my thanks.”

“I also have my doubts about the attitude of my country. It is an honor to

be of assistance.”

Titania elegantly bowed her head in response to Reanat’s gratitude. It

was somewhat exaggerated for a simple greeting, and she didn’t seem to

relish it any, but as royals, they both had their positions and customs to

mind. After their somewhat questionable exchange, Reanat greeted Reiji

and Felmenia as well. And eventually, his gaze fell on Liliana, who was

sitting at the far end of the table.

“It is quite strange to greet someone who I’ve lost as a subordinate under

such circumstances, is it not, Liliana Zandyke?”

His voice completely devoid of sarcasm, Reanat offered a slight smile.

Indeed, he had no reason to be critical. Liliana’s release from the Elite

Twelve had been negotiated with him directly, after all.

“I’m here at the encampment... because Suimei is here.”

“Our other guest from another world?”

“Yes. It has been a while since we last met.”

Suimei turned to Reanat and gave him a modest greeting. He meant to

be fairly formal, but both Graziella and Reanat looked somewhat confused.

“Oh? Your manner of speaking is quite different today, is it not?”

“That’s because the circumstances are quite different from our previous

encounter.”

“I see. I am quite obliged for your consideration.”

Last time they met, during the incident in the capital, Suimei and the

prince were at tense odds with one another. But this time, Suimei had come

to cooperate. The prince wasn’t an enemy—moreover, he was royalty and

older than Suimei—so he was polite accordingly. And because Suimei was

a guest from another world, Reanat treated him with equal respectability.

“Allow me to first express my gratitude to you as well. You have my