the Demon Lord’s subjugation, there was no way Suimei or anyone else

would be able to convince him to just up and go home. But if Suimei could

come up with a way for them to come and go, he would be able to make

that decision without fear of regret since he could always come back.

Titania didn’t much seem to like Suimei mentioning returning to their

world, and turned a somewhat sharp gaze on him.

“So then, Suimei, why did you have a change of heart now after all this

time?”

“That thing.”

“That thing? You mean the Sacrament?”

“Yeah. If he’s taken up that thing, there’s no going back. Even once we

make it home to our world, that won’t be the end of it. There’s a 100

percent guarantee he’ll end up getting caught up in something else. And if

the Society is going to look after him, then my identity will ultimately be

revealed anyways.”

Even if they managed to safely return home, considering Reiji’s

personality, he would inevitably get caught up in the mysteries of their

world. Once a person who can’t silently stand by the misfortune of others

gained mystical powers, it was natural that they would begin sticking their

head into all sorts of affairs. The others seemed to understand that, and all

silently came to an agreement.

“Suimei-dono, will you tell him right away?”

“Hmm, no, I’ll take it step by step... Probably.”

Smiling like he was trying to dodge the real question, Lefille looked at

him suspiciously.

“Suimei-kun, you’re a good-for-nothing.”

“Sh-Shut up, Lefille-san! Cut me some slack, will ya?!”

“Suimei... is such a coward... at the weirdest times.”

Suimei was unable to respond to Liliana’s words. It was Graziella who

took a crack at him next.

“I don’t really give a damn about you either way, but are you not

worried your friendship with Reiji and Mizuki will suffer for this?”

“Yeah, Mizuki’ll be pretty pissed for a while, but if I honestly open up to

him, Reiji will... Well, he’ll probably sympathize with me. He’s not that

narrow-minded a guy. It’s true that there are some things that are hard to say

after all this time, but...”

Suimei frowned as he put his hesitation into words. Rather than guilt

weighing on him for not telling them, it was worry for what might befall

them after they came to find out. All magicians accepted that magicka

needed to be kept secret from the general public to prevent normal people

from getting too deeply involved with mystical affairs. Humans were

naturally attracted to the mysterious. Once their eyes were opened to the

other side, it became easier for them to see things that ordinary people

didn’t. And easier for them to get sucked into the trouble that surrounded

such things.

That was why, before coming to this world, Suimei had never planned

on telling his best friends. It was why he’d hesitated to even after coming

here. However, he couldn’t deny that he was ultimately pigeonholing them.

Suimei knew that Reiji would be understanding if he told him. That he

wouldn’t get mad. That it wouldn’t ruin their friendship. But it would put

him in danger, and that was what worried Suimei the most.

“Good grief... So it’s come to this in the end, huh?” he said with a heavy

sigh.

Soon after, Reiji came back inside in spirits that had been lifted high by

the healing power of cats.