counterargument to this was Titania.

“It is just my personal opinion, but I find it hard to believe that Duke

Hadorious is in league with the Universal Apostles.”

Hearing her say that, Suimei knit his brow.

“How unexpected. I thought you didn’t like him, Tia?”

“C-Certainly not. But while he is someone I find personally detestable,

he is still a noble of Astel. Duke Hadorious is my father’s most loyal

subject. That man serving two masters is more unlikely than heaven and

earth reversing.”

Hearing Titania’s declaration, a wave of surprise washed over everyone

else in the room. They all knew that she hated him, so hearing her come to

his defense was rather startling. Felmenia too spoke up as his fellow

countryman.

“I have heard that Duke Hadorious has been by His Majesty King

Almadious’s side since a young age. That the two of them ran through both

battlefields and the political stage together. His Majesty’s trust in him is

deep, and the duke’s loyalty is the same. That is also why all affairs

concerning Astel’s hero were entrusted to him... However, taking into

account the current situation, is there not sufficient cause to suspect Duke

Hadorious?”

“Yes. Even if he is not involved with Universal Apostles, I cannot deny

that he’s clearly plotting something in regards to the heroes. I believe he is

acting with Astel in mind. However...”

There, Titania groaned. It seemed she was having difficulty reconciling

the disparity between her personal assessment of Hadorious and his current

actions. But either way, there was no obvious explanation as to what he’d

done with Elliot. She couldn’t say with confidence that things would be

alright. As the room filled with a strange tension at her silence, Reiji spoke

up.

“Sounds like we’re going back to Kurant City.”

“Yes, that does seem to be the case.”

“That is quite a hurried decision, but if it is what my fiancé wishes, then

so be it. I will follow along and grace you with my presence.”

And just as Reiji, Titania and Io Kuzami came to an agreement...

“No, I’ll have you wait before you do that.”

The door to the living room suddenly burst open. It was Graziella, her

open military coat and her golden hair fluttering majestically over her

shoulders. After a brief moment of surprise at her appearance, Suimei

narrowed his eyes at her reproachfully.

“You, just entering as you please again...”

“This is my country. I may enter where I please, no?”

“Barging into my fucking house without permission is an invasion of

privacy!”

“I’ve told you not to speak in such strange terms. If you wish to

communicate, then use concepts from this world, you fool.”

Seeing Suimei start to growl after being insulted, Reiji cut in to the

conversation.

“So, what do you mean about having us wait?”

“A demon invasion has been confirmed to the north. At this rate, the

Empire will become a battlefield.”

Following Graziella’s frank explanation, Lefille and Titania stood up

with great vigor, sending their chairs backward. Still gripped with surprise,

Titania cut straight to the point.

“Your Imperial Highness, what is the scale of their forces?”

“I don’t have a precise count, but I hear there is a great deal of them.

Enough that we will probably have to summon the entirety of the Imperial

Army to make a stand.”

“So suddenly...?” Reiji remarked with a furrowed brow.

It was a good point to be concerned on. The invasion was certainly

abrupt. However, Suimei had an idea as to why that might be.

“I see. Since they lost a few generals, they’re trying to rally here.”

So far, Suimei and the others defeated three demon generals: Rajas,

Mauhario, and Vuishta. And for all the losses on the demon side, not a

single hero had fallen. The demons were probably panicking. And so, to

rally their forces, they’d set their eyes on the Nelferian Empire, which

bordered both the Kingdom of Astel and the Saadias Alliance, including the

self-governed state. It was a key stop on almost any major trade route.

Cutting it off would be devastating. And if it fell entirely... the effect would

be unfathomable.

“I’ll go ahead and say it—there won’t be any reinforcements from our

neighboring countries.”

“What do you mean, Your Imperial Highness?”

The one to question Graziella was none other than Titania. Nelferia and

Astel were allies precisely because they shared such an important border. To

her, it was obvious that they should be cooperating in such a situation. It

would be completely baffling for them not to. So, as a princess of Astel, she

wanted to know why Graziella thought her people wouldn’t come to

Nelferia’s aid.

“First, there’s the self-governed state. They’ve already sent their troops

to the Alliance and cannot afford to spare any more. As for Astel, because

they are in the middle of cleaning up from the previous demon invasion,

taking countermeasures against future invasions, and assisting refugees

from other nations, we were informed that they would not be able to offer

assistance.”

Hearing Graziella’s explanation, Lefille wrinkled her brow and groaned.

“I understand the situation, but... How can I say it? I don’t exactly

admire that position.”

“But there’s a reason for it. Have you not heard the rumors going around

Astel, the Alliance, and the self-governed state?”

“Aah, that the Empire has been expanding its military and keeping its

neighboring countries in check? I heard from Liliana that it was deceptive

maneuvering... Is that related?”

“It is. Even though the Empire is prepared to fight against the demons,

no one is making a move. Seriously, just what kind of nerves do they have?

They have no sense of danger.”

Even though the demons were invading, no one was cooperating. It was

a source of contention and disappointment for Graziella.

“Tia, is that really possible?”

“Yes. To turn a blind eye to the crisis of an allied country is not a

particularly strange occurrence. As long as the Empire’s allies know the

Empire is being invaded by demons, there will be a fight regardless of what

happens. Anyone who participates will suffer military and financial losses.

Even if there’s fallout afterward, with a weakened military and economy,

the Empire won’t be able to do much about it...”

“The Empire’s neighboring countries are probably looking forward to

such a decline.”

Graziella let out a derisive snort, but not at Titania. She knew it wasn’t

her personal intention to hold back assistance. Suimei leaned back in his

chair and stared at the ceiling.

“But I’m pretty sure if the Empire falls, everyone’s gonna suffer for it.”

“That’s just the thing, Suimei-kun. If the Empire does fall, what will its

neighboring countries do then? Taking up the just cause of saving humanity

from the demons, they could send their armies into the Empire freely. And

the Empire is a tough country. If it does fall, it won’t be without a long,

hard fight with the demons, who would then be exhausted by the time the

other countries showed up... I don’t really have to say it, but the things that

they want to do would be accomplished easily at that point.”

“Jeez, talk about a rock and a hard place...”

“I don’t know if that’s the actual reason, but it’s a distinct possibility.”

Hearing Lefille say that, Titania objected.

“I find it hard to believe my father would play such a hand.”

“I agree. His Majesty Almadious would much rather do something to

earn the Empire’s gratitude in this situation. I cannot imagine that the court

would overrule him on that.”

“Then it’s a question of whether my father is being prevented from

moving as he pleases, or if the appropriate information is not being relayed

to him. And I agree the former is impossible.”

“While that may be true,” Graziella cut in, “it is still dangerous for the

Empire to fight alone. Thus, henceforth, I would like to formally appeal to

Your Royal Highness, Felmenia-dono, and Hero Reiji to take part in the

battle and intercept the demons on behalf of the Empire.”

“I see, so that’s why you want them to wait. If they’re dragged into

something else, then you’d lose your only shot at support.”

“That’s the size of it.”

Sitting down in a chair with a thump, Graziella affirmed Suimei’s

statement. However...

“But in that case, Elliot-sama will...!”

“I am more than aware that Hero Elliot’s case is important, but we will

all be in trouble if the Empire falls. Besides, those guys likely don’t intend

to move the hero right away.”

“That’s true, but...”

Unable to get any cooperation, Christa was left completely despondent.

Taking pity, Reiji spoke up on her behalf.

“Wouldn’t it be possible for the Empire to do something, even if it’s in

secret?”

“Even if we do, it will all be in vain. If a priestess from the Holy State is

coming to us for help, that means the Holy State won’t be providing any

assistance. Right now, the Empire’s relation with the Holy State is of

serious importance, so even if we tried to intervene secretly, nothing good

would come out of it. Rather than clinging on to the Empire...”

Graziella then turned her gaze on Titania.

“It is only proper that I do something or other from my end, right?

Understood. I shall send a letter to father to call attention to this... Though it

may already be too late now that Duke Hadorious has already made such a

bold move.”

It was a very reasonable concern. If he’d already gone this far, things

were likely going according to his plan. Even if they got the aid of the king,

it might be too little too late.

“Then as I feared, Elliot-sama will...”

Have to be postponed. It was easy to guess what Christa was thinking.

Strangely enough, Io Kuzami was the one to speak up next.

“Ultimately, whether or not we head off to the battlefield is all up to my

fiancé, is it not? None of you lot will be able to ignore his will if he wishes

to go, or if he wishes to refrain.”

With that, she looked to Reiji as if to ask what he would ultimately

decide. Elliot needed to be saved. But if Reiji went to go and save Elliot, he

would be forsaking Graziella—the entire Empire. It was tough, but the time

had come for him to make his decision. He closed his eyes and took a deep

breath before answering.

“Christa-san, I’m sorry... I think I have to prioritize the demon threat.”

“No, Hero-sama. Vanquishing the demons is the hero’s true purpose. I

wouldn’t stand in the way of that.”

“Mm. But take heart. Even if Elliot has been captured, that doesn’t mean

any harm will befall him. After dealing with the demons at hand, let’s go

save him.”

That was Reiji’s decision. And once he made it clear, he turned to

Suimei.

“Suimei, what will you guys do?”

“Us? Well...”

It was between taking part in the battle against the demons and going to

save Elliot. Making that call was difficult for Suimei. He didn’t feel

strongly either way. Personally, because Reiji and Mizuki (in body) were

headed into danger, he wanted to go with and support them. But because he

also owed Elliot for Reiji’s case a while back, he wasn’t opposed to going

to save him, either.

“Are you deadlocked, Suimei-kun?”

“Sorry, Lefi. I need your recommendation.”

Sensing that Suimei was hesitating to make a choice, Lefille called out

to him, to which he responded by raising his hands and asking for her

opinion. At times like this, he was very grateful to have someone with a

reputation as a capable leader around. Lefille had a certain persuasive

power, and he was sure she could find a working solution.

The redhead who was only about as tall as an elementary school student

leaned back in her chair and folded her arms. She looked like a small child

thinking very hard over something, but the words that came out of her

mouth were unmistakably adult.

“In this case, broadly speaking, we should prioritize the fight against the

demons. But because what else is at play involves the heroes, it is also

something we cannot ignore. Looking at the bigger picture, the heroes are

an integral part of the fight against the demons. Losing them would be a