“Elder Brother, please step back here. Take a unit with you and retreat to

a safe location.”

“No, Lyla. With this, there is nowhere to retreat. We must defeat these

demons, rally, and harden our defenses. Only then will there be safety. Call

all of the Elite Twelve who remained here at the encampment!”

Reanat shook his head and declined Graziella’s proposal. He then issued

an order for the soldiers to assemble the Elite Twelve. It was customary for

the army’s leader to retreat under such dire circumstances. But instead of

withdrawing and pulling away valuable manpower to act as his escort,

Reanat decided it would be better to use those men to defend the

encampment. They had the demons outnumbered, not to mention most of

the Elite Twelve on their side, so it certainly seemed like the situation was

salvageable.

However, the soldiers at the encampment were largely unprepared for

battle. The surprise attack had come from behind, and no one was ready for

it. It was clear as day that they were at a disadvantage here.

Thriving off of the chaos they were creating in the camp, the demons

began to spread out in their mad rush. They trampled anything and

everything in their path in a complete stampede. The soldiers could hardly

take up arms, much less get into formation. It was only a matter of seconds

before things broke out into an utter free-for-all melee. It was easy enough

to distinguish human from demon, so there was very little worry about

friendly fire. But that was only of minimal comfort right now.

“Burn Boost!”

As Reiji readied his orichalcum sword, he activated a quick chant to

reinforce his body with magic. His physical abilities were already enhanced

by the divine protection of the Goddess, but to turn these grim tables, he’d

need to be even stronger. Flames coiled around his body like a fiery dragon,

igniting his inner strength. This magic was his strong point, and it made him

even more effective in close combat. It was perhaps the ideal combination

for Reiji, who had good instincts for battle.

Reiji didn’t hesitate to make his way through the mass of confused

soldiers and take his place on the front line against the demons. And he

didn’t hesitate to raise his sword against his foes. While the other soldiers

were still in the midst of pandemonium, it would be bad to let the demons

any further into the encampment. Until the troops could form up properly,

he had to hold the enemy back on his own as best he could. If he left it to

the soldiers as they were, the camp would be overrun in no time.

And so Reiji stepped up to the plate, cutting down demons one after

another. Though the demons were physically stronger than humans,

compared to Demon General Ilzarl, they were nothing to Reiji. He could

handle them individually, no problem. However, being on the front line by

himself, he was drastically outnumbered. If he lost focus even for a

moment, that might be the end of him.

They’re strong. They’re certainly strong, but...

Every time he fought a demon, Reiji thought the same thing. They were

certainly strong, but their strength was somehow lacking. The demons were

tough and numerous, but they were out of control. Even if humans were the

weaker species, there was still hope if they organized and banded together.

In the first place, demons were wild and reckless. They were

disorganized and unclever, unlike humans who relied on strategy, schemes,

and skill to attain victory. All the demons really had were their claws, fangs,

and brute strength. They all attacked the same way. Just like now...

A demon swung its arm at Reiji, who deftly lopped its head off when it

got close enough. Whenever he fought demons, it was always like this.

Without exception. It was like they were robots programmed to perform

predetermined commands. Every single one of them used the same attack.

And that made them easy to fight. The demon in front of Reiji let out a

gasping shriek as its head was severed from its body, and then it collapsed

to the ground like a sack of potatoes and nothing more. That strength—the

one thing they held over humanity—vanished so easily.

“HAH!”

Another demon came at Reiji—at the same speed and with the same

attack. Reiji dodged to the side as usual. And, just like always, the demon’s

side was completely open. Reiji had no trouble stabbing through to its

vitals. It was all perfectly routine. He was just repeating a pattern. It made

things easy for him, but he couldn’t help wondering...

Are these guys really capable of exterminating humankind?

Did they really think they could? Did they think they would win? Did

they even have the conviction for that? No matter how many of them there

were, were they even motivated? Some time ago back in Royal Castle

Camellia, Suimei had said it was unreasonable to fight the demons. That

there were so many of them, it was a fool’s errand. But Suimei was

fundamentally cautious by nature. No matter the situation, he was always

calmly calculating the odds, and he would never pick a hand with low

prospects for success.

But it seemed there’d been a reshuffling recently. Even Suimei, who had

adamantly refused to take part in the war against the demons, was no longer

backing down. In his own way, it was a statement of his confidence. That

the odds were in their favor now. Reiji trusted Suimei’s keen intuition and

sharp senses implicitly. He’d never once lost at anything as far as Reiji

knew. So if Suimei had joined the fight, it meant that this was a fight they

could win.

Reiji didn’t honestly know if the optimism blooming inside him was the

power of the Goddess at work or not. But he knew for sure that this wasn’t

nearly enough to make him waver, capitulate, or fall into despair. It wasn’t

even close. So again, he couldn’t help wondering...

Do they really, seriously think this is good enough?

They behaved so simplistically that Reiji wasn’t sure they could change

their ways even if they wanted to. It was a mystery to him. Why didn’t the

demons try to get stronger? Were they just lazy? Was it that they couldn’t?

Such thoughts brewed in Reiji’s mind as he continued to swing his sword.

He then heard what sounded like something dragging along the ground.

“There’s still more...?”

The demons’ surprise attack wasn’t limited to a single wave, it seemed.

When Reiji looked up, he spied more of them pouring over the precipice

and sliding down the cliff face.

“Whatever! What I have to do hasn’t changed!”

As Reiji firmed his resolve with a shout, he cut down the demon

standing right in front of him—just like always. But then something

unusual happened. Something that broke the typical pattern. He could sense

someone behind him. No, not someone. That would imply it was a human,

and Reiji’s senses told him that it wasn’t. He’d been so focused on the foes

in front of him that he’d been negligent of his surroundings. He whipped

around as fast as he could, but it wouldn’t be fast enough.

After getting so complacent, this is what happens, huh?

Reiji thought the demons were simple and predictable. But in thinking

that, he’d gotten careless. He’d left himself wide open like an amateur.

“Urgh!”

He raised his sword to defend himself, knowing full well he wouldn’t

make it in time.

But then two silver flashes flickered right before his eyes. It was the

glimmer of lustrous blades intersecting as they quartered the demon

threatening Reiji. The girl he could see on the other side of the demon as it

fell to the ground was wearing a high-collared mantle that covered her

mouth. Her ever-gentle eyes were now narrowed and sharpened like the

point of a blade. They reflected the keen silver light of the swords in her

hands. Indeed, Titania looked like she would cut down anyone who dared to

touch her. But without even pausing to bask in the glory of her magnificent

twofold strike, she turned her back to Reiji.

“Reiji-sama, leave your back to me. I will tidy up all the trifles here, so

please swing your sword without worry.”

“Right! Thanks, Tia.”

Reiji gave his honest thanks to the gallant yet terrifying girl. She was

reliable and steadfast. It was reassuring to have her as an ally. But that only

made Reiji feel worse about himself.

Is this really what a hero is? Is it really alright for a hero to be like this?

In all his fights up until now, he was always the one being saved. He

couldn’t count the number of times he’d fought fully focused on himself,

unable to do a single thing for his comrades. He was aware of his lack of

ability back in the imperial capital, and it was like he hadn’t progressed any

since then. Did he really have the right to call himself a hero like this? As

those doubts sapped away at his spirit and made him anxious, he felt a

weight lean against his back.

“Reiji-sama.”

“Tia?”

“I am sure that you must have a great deal on your mind, but right now,

please focus only on your sword. If you are to be a swordsman, you must

become one with your blade.”

Even in the middle of mayhem, Titania’s clear and composed voice

stood out. Hearing her remonstrate him for getting lost in idle thoughts,

Reiji came to his senses.

“Mm, sorry. And thanks.”

As Reiji looked over his shoulder and thanked her once more, Titania

didn’t give him her usual gentle smile, but a fearless one. It was proof that

she knew what she was talking about, that she herself was one with her

swords. This was Titania as a swordswoman, not as a princess.

“Let’s go.”

“Right.”

Now with Titania at his side, the duo moved deeper and deeper into the

mass of demons, cutting their way towards the foot of the cliff where the

demon commander inevitably would be. They were going for a decapitation

strike. Reiji handled everything in front of them, and Titania everything

behind. When they finally made their way to the destination, they saw it—a

massive lump of flesh.

Seeing that utterly bizarre creature, Reiji’s footsteps unexpectedly came

to a stop. Using a crushed tent as its throne, there was a mountain of skin

overlooking the fray. Reiji couldn’t think of any other way to describe it. It

was just a grotesque, fleshy mass. But it spoke as if it had been waiting for

Reiji.

“Oh hero who is the apostle of the Goddess, our name is Grallajearus.

To fulfill our longstanding desire of pleasing God Zekaraia and Demon

Lord Nakshatra, we will have you fall here and die in obscurity.”

With a cacophonous voice like children screaming over each other, the

mass of flesh made a pledge to kill the hero.

★

A little before Reiji and Titania encountered Grallajearus...

On a hill far away from the main encampment, two shadows stood at its

apex, as if lording over the land like gods from on high. Yet one of those

shadows let out a somehow dissatisfied sigh.

“To think a surprise attack would be so easily carried out...”

The sighing shadow was a beautiful man with copper chains wrapped

around his body—Demon General Ilzarl. The shadow standing next to him

was another demon general, Lishbaum, who replied to him in a somewhat

cold tone.

“The only reason the strategy proved so effective is because of the

target’s negligence. Because we have only been using straightforward

frontal attacks before now, they likely assumed that we demons are like a

savage, unintelligent tribe no better than wild boars.”

Lishbaum was right about the enemy army’s oversight, but Ilzarl still

had his doubts.

“If you could have orchestrated this all along, then why didn’t you?”

“Naturally, to lure the enemy into a false sense of security. To make

them think their strategies were working. When they think things are going

their way, it makes them just that much more careless.”

Ilzarl had intended to return the accusation of oversight, but Lishbaum’s

cold reply cut that short.

“Then it was to manipulate these offerings?”

“Yes. If we were to attack otherwise, they would have either intercepted

the advance or, if they were lacking in numbers, stall for reinforcements.

But as long as they believe they’re pulling one over on us, it’s easy to play

into their preconceptions while a small force goes for the jugular. It’s a

simple strategy, really. Lure out the enemy, and attack where they’re

shorthanded. Anyone could have thought of it.”

“Hmph. And that’s what you set in motion?”

“This is a most satisfactory result, considering they’ll now be more

vigilant concerning our actions in the future. If we can take out their main

encampment, it will be even better.”

“I don’t think it balances out the damage done to us while waiting for

your little plan to pan out.”