if I spoil the fun, either.”

As for the one Graziella had called “Mr. Grumpypants”...

“I’m not some strict killjoy professor.”

“No? You weren’t keeping the answer on purpose? Isn’t this what you’d

call... a dangling carrot?”

“It’s not a big deal if someone else explains the trick.”

“Isn’t it standard practice to dangle the carrot as long as possible?”

“If you think that’s my only carrot, you’re dead wrong. In my opinion,

you should have as many as possible. In fact, calling them carrots is a bit

stupid... But you get what I’m saying, right?”

“It’s an extravagant way of thinking, but for now I shall simply say that

you’re not wrong.”

Graziella answered in a somewhat noncommittal manner. She likely

didn’t want to agree with her rival too readily. But putting Suimei aside,

Felmenia was looking up at her with eager eyes. Taking the hint, Graziella

began explaining.

“If you’re unable to come up with the answer, White Flame-dono, that

means you’re thinking about it too hard. That thing you’re calling a familiar

was created by Liliana Zandyke’s words. In essence, it’s a cluster of words.

That is to say, in a manner of speaking, it works and fights based on the

words she used to create it. Words are concepts we give voice to, and

without them—let’s say, if they were stolen from her—that thing would no

longer be able to take shape. Stealing concepts themselves is probably quite

difficult, but in this case, it would suffice to steal away the foundation of

those words—sound. How about that?”

Graziella looked expectantly at Suimei, who gave her answer a passing

grade without any hesitation.

“Yeah, exactly. Strictly speaking, the answer is just to nullify sound in

the area, but you could say that stealing sound is just a fancy way of doing

that.”

Hearing Graziella’s explanation and Suimei’s summary, something

finally clicked for Felmenia. When it did, she enthusiastically raised her

hand.

“I also thought of something!”

“You mean... something other than what we just said?”

“Yes! If Liliana’s familiar is made of words, then using words with

meanings that run contrary to hers—antonyms, if you will—might negate

its existence! Right?”

After giving her answer, Felmenia waited for Suimei’s reply with bated

breath. Graziella seemed to find Felmenia’s idea rather novel, and she

smiled with an engaged look on her face.

“Oh? Antonyms, huh... In other words, using another chant to directly

oppose the first, no?”

Felmenia nodded in response to Graziella’s interpretation. Suimei then

did the same.

“That’s also an option. Using magicka with the opposite effect is a

perfectly viable strategy.”

Upon hearing that, Felmenia struck a triumphant pose. She was

delighted that she hadn’t fallen behind Graziella.

“Now you, Suimei Yakagi. If it were you, how would you handle it?”

“Me? I would’ve obstructed that magicka before it could be fully knit

together, disassembled it, and used rebound air to make the caster eat their

own words. Well, but that’s only if it took time to construct the spell like

Liliana’s did.”

“Hmph. What is this ‘rebound air’?”

“It’s the fatal flaw of high-ranking magicka, or rather, the final phase of

magicka that takes multiple steps. Right before the spell manifests, if the

primary factor of the spell’s mysticism is obstructed, it will recoil back

towards the caster.”

“I have had my magic obstructed many times, but that has never

happened. Do you really know what you’re talking about?”

“Yeah, I do. It’s not something that happens just because a chant gets

interrupted. Unless there’s an effect on the spell itself while it’s being

constructed, then no dice. How should I put it...? Liliana used phenomenon

mixer before... It’s a little different, but she practiced a similar magicka

once, right?”

“Is that so? Liliana Zandyke’s magic is largely unique to her. The only

one who knew all of her abilities was Rogue. Regardless, what kind of

damage does this ‘rebound air’ do?”

“It first has an effect on the ethereal body and the astral body. The

damage is largely to the internal organs. Let’s see... Do you have a taste for

alcohol?”

“Well, yeah.”

“It’s like the kickback from taking a real stiff shot... It’s kind of like

getting punched in the mouth, right? I don’t drink myself, so I can’t swear

that’s the best comparison, but...”

Hearing Suimei’s explanation, Graziella seemed to know exactly what

kind of sensation he was talking about and grimaced accordingly.

“I’d rather not experience that. Especially not during a fight. It would be

quite an unpleasant annoyance,” she said. Then, with a grin creeping across

her lips, she continued, “I’ve had a most amusing conversation with you,

but...”

“...What?”

“You have a tendency for pedantry, don’t you?”

It wasn’t like Suimei didn’t know that—he heard himself talk all the

time. So instead of arguing, he smirked.

“Hah, doesn’t everyone? It’s just a question of how much. Part of thirst

for knowledge is a desire for recognition. Trust me—you’re not ever gonna

find a saint who doesn’t wanna tell you how to live your life.”

“Hmm? Never mind that. More importantly, hasn’t the flow of the match

changed quite a bit?”

“It certainly has. That girl from the Elite Twelve seems to be up against

a wall.”

“Hey, you guys were the one asking questions...”

In the end, Suimei was willing to let it go at that. Like the other two

girls, he returned his attention to the match. An extremely agitated Aerith

was currently being provoked by Liliana. The fact that Aerith was oddly

focused on Liliana was something Suimei had picked up on before the fight

had even started. But it was really coming to the forefront now that it was

affecting their match.

“She’s a pretty tractable opponent, huh? She flipped her lid over just a

little taunting... No, she completely blew her top, huh?”

“That is a bad type of passion—the kind the Elements dislike.”

“Aerith is young, after all. Well, I suppose that sounds strange coming

from me since I’m even younger. But she went through more than most

because of her pedigree, so she’s quite proud of herself and how far she’s

made it... However, I still can’t accept that she’d be so easily taken for a

ride. This needs rectifying... Though, judging from how things are looking,

I suppose she’ll understand that by the end of the fight.”

Though this concerned an issue with one of her subordinates, Graziella

didn’t seem particularly worried. Just as she suggested, if Liliana won here,

Aerith would learn her lesson. Granted, that would only be true if Aerith

was capable of realizing why she’d lost, but Graziella spoke as if that were

a foregone conclusion.

“Wait, ain’t she your underling? You’re not gonna cheer for her?”

“It’s not in my nature to shout encouraging things. Besides, she doesn’t

need me to. In any event, it looks like things are wrapping up here, no?”

In the arena, Liliana was beginning a chant that would bring about an

end to the match.

“He who is in our surroundings, the one that our eyes cannot see. He

who hides from all prying eyes, the voice that no one can hear. Now, in this

very moment, reveal thine ambiguous existence to the world and lay bare

everything far and wide. Thou art born of me, thou art named by me, thou

art enslaved by me, thou art none other than mine own blood. Thus—”

As Liliana chanted, powerful mana gathered swiftly around her. Aerith

was also gathering mana, but hers was completely overwhelmed by

Liliana’s. As if taking it as some sort of signal, Howler returned to Liliana’s

side and began growling. His deep, reverberating voice rippled through the

air, doubling back on itself and increasing in intensity. It only further

enhanced the unfolding mysteries as darkness bubbled up and formed subtle

black lightning around Howler. As his growling grew and grew, it shook

even the earth below, dislodging debris that began floating up towards the

sky. It was like a dark, supernatural omen before some kind of catastrophe.

As Suimei watched this, he raised a curious eyebrow. Then, as if

pointing the way to Howler, Liliana thrust out her finger.

“Hear me! Let out the calamitous howl that brings ruin to all! Intrinsic

Curse, Astral Dive, Howl of Absolute Destruction!”

With her keywords activated, Howler let out a tremendous roar. It was

so strong that all who heard it instinctively cowered as they clapped their

hands over their ears. And as it tore through the area, the arena and

everything else nearby began to crumble. In response, Aerith formed a

gigantic wall of water that dwarfed anything she’d used previously. But

even that was a mere a drop in the bucket before Howler, who charged

blindly where Liliana pointed, continuing to howl all the while. The

moment the pallid beast came into contact with Aerith’s water wall, it burst

into a sheet of white, foamy spray like a massive wave that had crashed on

the shore.

A portion of the arena between the two girls collapsed from the

shockwave. And when it was all said and done, Aerith too collapsed on the

spot. Seeing this, Liliana spoke quietly with an unconcerned expression.

“Victory... is mine.”

Indeed, the first match went to Liliana Zandyke.

★

The match continued to hold the attention of the audience long after it

ended. The soldiers, mages, and even the other members of the Elite Twelve

were dumbfounded upon witnessing Liliana’s magicka. They all just stared

at her blankly as she exited the arena. But they had every right to be so

confounded and stupefied after beholding mysteries that were unthinkable

with this world’s magic. Disbelief was thick in the air.

“Aerith lost...”

“To think the most talented woman among the Elite Twelve would...”

“I’ve never seen magic like that before...”

“Is that the true power of dark magic?”

The crowd would continue to talk for some time.

After exiting the arena, Liliana met up with Reiji and the others,

including Suimei, who’d rejoined the group. The first to greet her was the

haughty Io Kuzami.

“As expected of my disciple. It is no exaggeration to say that everything

you did was the pure embodiment of darkness. Even that final attack bore a

close resemblance to force lightning,” she said in a satisfied tone with her

arms folded.

“Please don’t say... such incomprehensible things. And we are not...

student and teacher. If you insist on parading such lies... I shall sue you for

slander.”

“FUHAHAHA! There is none in this world that can judge me!”

Liliana did her best to shut Io Kuzami down, but her protest never even

seemed to reach her ears. Io Kuzami was laughing all the while with a

contented look on her face

After that, Reiji, Titania, and Lefille congratulated Liliana on her

victory. Once they were done celebrating, Suimei beckoned Liliana over to

where he and Felmenia were standing so that they could talk in secret.

“Liliana, the model of that familiar...”

“Yes, it was indeed... a dog. But what I used as reference... were those

creatures from before.”

“The apparitions, huh?”

Liliana nodded. Suimei had suspected as much from its eerie

appearance, and it turned out he was right on the money.

“You said before, Suimei... that not just your opponent’s... but also the

sway of your own emotions... is important. So I thought that if I used...

something I myself found frightening... it would be... particularly effective.”

“Yes, quite so! As I thought, it’s better when the magicka you show off

is flashy!”

In response to Liliana’s explanation, Felmenia was nodding repeatedly

with a satisfied look on her face. She was likely thinking back on her

conversation with Suimei about firepower. An overwhelming amount of

power with an overwhelming appearance to match. It would have a

tremendous mental effect on both its target and its caster. But as Felmenia

fantasized about all this, Liliana hung her head apologetically.

“The magicka I used this time... has changed quite a bit... from what you

taught me.”