With Bad Weather

It was now the day after Suimei and Reiji’s groups had arrived in Filas

Philia. Suimei was outside with Felmenia in front of the house. The weather

in the imperial capital today was quite clear, so they’d decided to get some

air. Looking up, the sky was cut off by the surrounding buildings, creating a

bright blue square overhead. The sunlight pouring down from it into the

white plastered alleyway was dazzling.

As for what the two of them were up to on such a lovely day, it was

nothing other than a magicka lecture. It was simply a magician’s nature to

devote time to studying the mysteries of the world whenever they could.

“I know we’re doing another one today, but we’ve sure had a lot of these

lectures now, huh?”

“Yes. We’ve been over modern magicka, mystical entropy, liturgical

reduction, the manifestation of magicka circles, and of course how to use all

sorts of magicka.”

“And with all that, I do believe you now have a firm understanding of

just what a magician truly is, Menia.”

Just as he said, Suimei recognized how much Felmenia had grown, but

she didn’t necessarily see that progress for herself. She flashed a self-

deprecating smile.

“I would like to think that was the case, but regrettably, I’m afraid I have

no standard for comparison...”

“I think you’re doing just fine. Remember yesterday? You urged Reiji

and the others to reconsider the way they regard the attributes. And as long

as you keep that kind of open mind, you should be good. The important part

is that there isn’t only one way of thinking. There is no single absolute law

that establishes the phenomena of the world. So if you properly understand

that there are multiple approaches, you’re already on the right path.”

“What do you mean by ‘multiple approaches’?”

“In the world I come from, science is advanced and widespread. People

use it as a universal measure for everything. However, in truth, science isn’t

the only explanation for the phenomena of the world. There are also

mystical theories, right? In short, the point is just not to get caught up in a

single paradigm.”

“Ummm...”

“Okay, when I first told you about magicka, you never thought you

could manifest mysteries without the mediation of the Elements, right?”

“Yes, that much is certainly true.”

No matter what it was, only once a theory was understood would there

be progress. Results required recognition and revelation—the so-called

“eureka moment.”

“In our world, everything is thought of from a physical perspective. It’s

a world dominated by the doctrine of the material. All of existence is

measured by objects and the way they interact, either with other objects or

the forces of the physical world. And no matter the interaction, they believe

heat is produced.”

That was precisely why, even if fire was created magically, a modern

person would see it and immediately assume there was a physical, chemical

change occurring where the phenomenon took place. But that was only

natural; their understanding had stagnated.

“I see... So the average person from your world, Suimei-dono, would

think that the heat emitted as a result of spells and other mystical forces was

equivalent to regular heat. And in assuming so, they inherently deny the

mystical from the start.”

To learn magicka, it was important to un-learn that there must be heat in

order to create anything.

“Yup. Just like you said, Menia, because those who are governed by

‘reason’ are unable to recognize the mystical, they only believe what they

can see with their own eyes. And because they’re unable to get past that,

they’re unable to follow through on true understanding. Magicka is only

accessible to someone once they get over that hurdle.”

And there was an important difference between understanding and true

understanding. Fumbling forward with a half-baked understanding would

never lead to results. That applied to any field of study.

“The preamble was a little long, but it’s about time we got down to

business. Today’s topic will be...”

Felmenia leaned forward intently, and, perhaps because Suimei was

drawing things out, a strange amount of anticipation was building up. A

silent drumroll resounded in his head as he watched Felmenia bite her lip

anxiously. And at long last...

“How to produce a mana furnace.”

“How to produce a mana furnace?! You said mana furnace, did you

not?!”

Hearing the topic of the day’s lecture, Felmenia grew even more worked

up. She was practically trembling with eager excitement. If Suimei was

finally willing to explain the inner workings of a mana furnace to her, this

was a proud day for her as his student.

“So, how does one achieve a mana furnace? Putting together what I’ve

heard you say before, I believe it entails one’s internal organs somehow. But

it’s rather hard to imagine the addition of a new one...”

Felmenia had already been postulating about how a mana furnace

worked. She’d witnessed Suimei’s in action on multiple occasions and had

seen its power with her own eyes. As a blossoming, curious magician, she’d

spent plenty of time contemplating it. And as she began excitedly rattling

off her theories, Suimei urged her to calm down before proceeding.

“A mana furnace is indeed like an internal organ, but it’s more nuanced

than that. It’s not exactly corporeal, so saying that you’d be adding a new

organ is a bit literal.”

“What do you mean?”

“Rather than physically, it’s added spiritually.”

“Spiritually?”

“That’s right. It makes use of the ethereal body.”

Hearing that phrase for the first time, Felmenia knit her brow.

“The ethereal body? You said before that aetheric was an intangible

power in the atmosphere. Is this somehow different?”

“Yeah. It’s a bit convoluted, but it’s something different from that.”

With that answer, the wrinkle in Felmenia’s brow grew more

pronounced. Suimei saying this was convoluted was a bit of an

understatement, so her reaction was only natural. Even if he wasn’t

referring to the aetheric as identified by mysticology, there were a great

number of other things known as ether or ethereal. There was no way not to

be confused at the beginning of such an explanation.

“Then, from context, am I right in assuming it’s something related to the

physical body and the astral body?”

But despite the complexity of the topic at hand, it seemed Felmenia was

already starting to get her head around it. As she slowly connected the dots

in her mind, Suimei nodded in response to her question.

“Exactly right, Menia. The ethereal body is indeed related to those. The

ethereal body, physical body, and astral body are considered the three pillars

that comprise all living beings. In short, what we know as the human body

is actually all three taken together. When one part of that—one of the three

bodies—is damaged, the human in question loses its equilibrium and suffers

for it.”

“Then the physical body is of course the material manifestation that is a

human, the astral body is connected to the consciousness and the soul, and

the ethereal body is...”

“You could say the ethereal body is the spiritual portion, but phrasing it

like that, it’s easily confused with the astral body which holds the soul. So

instead, let’s see... Roughly speaking, the ethereal body is like a blueprint

for the physical body.”

“A blueprint for the physical body?”

“Yup. It’s different from DNA, but mystically speaking, it’s functionally

similar. Every organ and feature of the human body is created based on the

blueprint of the ethereal body. It’s the origin of the physical form, which is

always influenced by it. It’s not something you can capture an image of or

see with magicka, but just like the physical body, there exists an ethereal

heart, an ethereal brain, ethereal arms, legs, et cetera.”

“It... exists? If it is a blueprint, then after the physical body is made, isn’t

it no longer necessary?”

“Certainly the nuance of the world ‘blueprint’ would imply that, but... In

truth, it’s like an operational manual for the human body, as well as a map.

The ethereal body is such that the human body always seeks to mirror it...”

“Wh-What...?”

“Sorry, that’s not the point here. What I’m trying to say is that while the

ethereal body is a blueprint for the physical body, once that job is complete,

it additionally functions like a set of instructions for operating the physical

body.”

“I see. That much I can understand.”

With Felmenia up to speed, Suimei moved on to the heart of the matter.

“Then the rest should follow logically. If the ethereal body is a blueprint,

then...”

“We just need to rewrite that blueprint!”

“Exactly.”

The point of this lecture was just as Felmenia guessed. Each of the three

pillars had special characteristics and influenced the others. When the

physical body felt fatigue, naturally, the consciousness and the soul would

weaken. When the astral body was damaged, the physical body was also

weakened. And just the same way, when there were alterations to the

ethereal body, it produced changes in the physical and even astral body.

This was all ultimately an arguable weakness of the human body and posed

several disadvantages. But at the same time, there were benefits to be

reaped from it as well. The mana furnace was one of them. And after

leading Felmenia to that realization, Suimei continued his explanation.

“To use the ethereal body to alter the physical body, one must alter the

subject’s consciousness using a staged approach. By consciously reforming

oneself as a magician, the astral body is first urged to transform based on

that self-conception. The next step is to alter one’s own ethereal body using

magicka, which in turn alters the physical body. The change will be gradual,

but once it happens, that will also have an effect on the astral body. In the

end, one eventually arrives again at a state where all three pillars are

aligned.”

After concluding a detailed explanation, Suimei moved on to

summarizing his point.

“So in short, by altering the blueprint for the body, we’re not actually

increasing the number of internal organs. We’re just adding a new

functionality to the physical body. It’s commonly referred to as a ‘dream

organ,’ and when it was first discovered, achieving it was also thought of as

increasing the number of spiritual internal organs.”

“Ooh, a theory that gives a glimpse into the depths of the mysteries!”

Felmenia rose from her chair with a clenched fist in the air. It was a

demonstration of curious and eager excitement, the kind only kindled in a

magician upon reaching a revelation regarding a new mystery. In stark

contrast to her excitement, however, Suimei’s expression became severe.

And what left his mouth next was a warning.

“However, once you tamper with your ethereal body, you will no longer

strictly be human. You’ll be tampering with the blueprint that makes you

human in the first place, after all. Not only your physical body, but your

astral body will change as a result. Change in inhuman ways.”

She would lose her humanity. Feeling the full weight of those words left

Felmenia speechless. Sacrificing one’s humanity was not a decision to be

made lightly. Short of being raised like Suimei had since early childhood,

any normal person would hesitate, if not outright turn back at this juncture.

“This is one of the reasons I call the most outrageous of magicians in the

world I’m from monsters. They’re extremely powerful and, as such, have

tampered with their ethereal bodies to their heart’s content. They make their

lifespans inexhaustible and their mana preposterous. There are even those

who have gained a stock of souls or have transcended death.

“T-T-Transcended death?! You mean to say they’re immortal?!”

“Technically, no. It would be more accurate to say it’s just really

difficult for them to die. They’re no longer subject to the standard confines

of mortality. For example, they cannot be killed by conventional weapons

and they’re impervious to disease. They can’t even die of old age, as

they’ve been released from the natural limitations of a normal lifespan. We

call such beings liches.”

“To live beyond the burdens of mortality must be a dark, incredible

power...”

“Yeah, but... those weirdos are really limited to only a tiny fraction of

the guys with the talent to pull it off. It’s not something everyone can or

wants to become.”

Suimei tacked that on, but it didn’t fully assuage Felmenia’s fear and