lead the rearguard! Anyone who’s up to the task, come with me!”

Their original plan had included a strategic retreat after the initial

damage was done, so the men took to Lefille’s orders without missing a

beat. After they defeated the demons in front of them and secured a way

out, the injured and exhausted soldiers would immediately make their exit.

The mages that had remained up on the cliff would offer support and

covering fire. And as soon as everything was in place, the retreat began in

an orderly fashion.

While that was happening, Lefille made her way to the rear of her unit.

The demon reinforcements should be coming into view any minute now...

yet the winding, serpentine path behind them looked surprisingly clear.

“I see. From the sky, then...”

Lefille looked up to see a dark mass of something in front of the clouds.

As Suimei would put it, they looked like the malignant winged spirits

known as devils. And flapping those powerful, bat-like wings of theirs, they

flew in like a bloody storm from above... For humans, overhead was a

natural blind spot, and a particularly troublesome position to be attacked

from.

“Calm down, men! The enemy isn’t to be feared just because they’re

coming from the sky!”

Lefille anticipated the soldiers’ unrest and raised a rallying cry. But she

received no reply from them. In their stead came an extremely coquettish

voice from directly overhead.

“Oh dear, is that what you think?”

Lust oozed from every sinful, dulcet syllable. Rather than a soldier on

the battlefield, it sounded like a coaxing prostitute. Looking up, Lefille

spotted the shadow of a demon. It had leathery bat-like wings like all the

others around it, but the figure of a human woman. With soft, light brown

hair fluttering in the wind, she was exquisite. The kind of woman men

would line up to catch a glimpse of, and women would cast jealous glares

upon.

She floated there in the air, leaned slightly forward, and played with her

black tail. Lefille stared up at her darkly, for this demon was one that Lefille

recognized. Indeed, it was one she would never forget. This she-demon was

the very same who’d attacked her in Noshias. Calling her Lefille’s

archenemy wouldn’t be an overstatement.

“You’re... that witch from back then!”

“Long time no see! How’ve you been, darling? My... I suppose if you’re

trying this hard, then you’re really giving it your all, huh?”

Her taunting words and derisive giggle fanned the flames of Lefille’s

rage. Just like back then, she was sneering at those who were trying their

best to survive. And Lefille’s only answer to her frivolous question was a

sharp red wind from the tip of her sword.

“HAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

Lefille bellowed in a demonstration of her fighting spirit, and the red

wind roared with her as it rose. Unerringly, it rushed up into the graying sky

right towards the demon general leading the attacking army—Latora.

“Whoopsies! Careful there. It’s scary when you just suddenly attack like

that.”

However, Latora dodged the slash meant to bisect her by a narrow

margin. The red wind continued tearing through the air and blew away the

demons behind her, but she didn’t seem to care in the slightest. All that

came out of her mouth was sarcasm and condescension.

“...So you dodged it.”

“But of course, darling. Surely you know better—an attack like that

would never hit me. Or are you underestimating me? Looking down on

people is supposed to be my privilege.”

She spoke in a seductive tone as she licked her red lips. Seeing just how

casually her opponent was taking things, a fearful chill suddenly ran down

Lefille’s spine. Perhaps it was more accurate to call it disgust. But she

shook it off nevertheless and glared into the skies. Latora then began

smiling like she was in a great mood.

“My name is Latora. And from the look of it, you remember me well,

don’t you?”

“Of course I do! There’s no way I could forget a witch like you!”

“Ah, for you to think that much of me... I’m thrilled! I’ve been

anxiously awaiting my chance to see you again too, darling.”

Those cruel words further fanned the flames of rage burning within

Lefille. Her mind was consumed with memories of the humiliation

bestowed upon her by this demon.

“Just how will I torment you the next time we meet?”

Unsatisfied by defeating just Lefille in combat, she’d gone on to

slaughter Lefille’s comrades. And rather than killing Lefille, she’d afflicted

her with a wretched curse. What she’d done was unforgivable. Even if

Lefille cut her into a thousand pieces right here and now, it still wouldn’t

make her feel better.

As if hailed by Lefille’s overflowing anger, the red wind surrounding her

became markedly stronger, like a swirling red fire. She was now fully

amped for battle. But just then, a soldier’s voice abruptly came calling from

behind.

“Shrine Maiden-sama! The preparations for the rearguard and retreat are

complete! Please prepare to retreat as well!”

“Don’t worry about me! All of you go ahead!”

“But if we do that—”

“I must defeat this demon! For the sake of those who died in obscurity

in this fight! And as I must do this, you must go on without me!”

As Lefille yelled her orders back to the soldier, he nodded in

acknowledgement and passed the word along to the other men. The reason

they didn’t insist on staying as well was likely because they were soldiers of

another nation. They were thinking of their own safety. Even if she was the

fabled Shrine Maiden of Spirits, there was no reason they should have to

put their lives on the line for a temporary commander.

And so, before long, the last of the imperial soldiers broke away and

took off in the direction of the main encampment. The demons behind

Latora took chase after them, but they were unable to overtake the

rearguard, not to mention the main troop.

“Ah, there they go...”

“Hmph, your reinforcements were too late.”

“Looks that way. At this rate, we won’t catch up until they reach the

main encampment, huh? Well, not that I really care... heehee...”

Sensing a hidden meaning behind Latora’s sinister giggle, Lefille knit

her brows. It was as if she didn’t mind not being able to catch up with the

imperial forces, and it made Lefille remember a certain sense of discomfort.

“Oh, darling, that look on your face tells me you don’t get it at all.

Heehee, allow me to explain. We don’t particularly care if you lot run away

or not. I mean, where they’re running is just as bad.”

“Wha—?! What do you mean by that?!”

“Nothing in particular. It just means you’re all stupid; you’ll meet the

same fate either way. Did you really think we wouldn’t see through your

petty little human strategies? Ahahaha! You really are stupid, aren’t you?

Right about now, Lishbaum, Ilzarl, and Grallajearus should be launching a

surprise attack on the main encampment your men are fleeing to, see?”

“A surprise attack on the main encampment?!”

“Yup. Completely unexpected, right? You thought you were stalling us,

but in reality, we lured you out here and divided your forces. So even if

your men are running from mine here, they’re just jumping from the frying

pan into the fire.”

Lefille now fully understood what Latora meant. Everything about

crossing through the rugged mountain range in the northern Empire was a

setup. They’d used it as cover to deploy a detachment. And if that was true,

it did indeed mean the demons were one step ahead this time. But even

faced with such a reversal of fortune, Lefille looked emboldened.

“What’s with that look on your face now? Do you think you can still win

or something?”

“Of course I do. You said they were attacking the main encampment, but

there’s a hero and mages there to protect it, not to mention the Empire’s

elite. Even if they were caught in a surprise attack, they won’t fall so

easily.”

“So you trust them? Well, whatever.”

Latora gave an indifferent reply. It was like she seriously didn’t care at

all. But when Lefille raised her sword, Latora’s apathetic expression

became a sly grin.

“Heh, despite the miserable condition you were left in last time, you

think you can beat me?”

“Of course I do! I won’t fall behind like last time!”

“Well, it does look like you’re a bit stronger than before, but is that

enough to win? Hmm, I wonder...”

“I’ll definitely win!”

Lefille returned Latora’s derisive laughter with a shout. She called to her

red wind, which wrapped itself around her like a dizzying red tornado. It

was violent enough that it kicked up earth and rocks and caught them in its

vortex. And in response, Latora salaciously slid her finger through the air

like she would across the lips a lover. When she did, what looked like

threads sprung from the dark tip of her finger and fluttered in the wind.

Because Lefille had prior experience fighting her, she already knew that

Latora manipulated the dark power of the demons in the shape of strings—

strings that were elusive and ever-changing. Latora could bind opponents

with them, and if she stretched them out over an area...

“Now then, for the first move...”

Latora repeated the technique over and over, layering the narrow

mountain pass with a massive web of strings. They drilled into the ground

and the cliff face, once, twice... She cast out more than ten layers of string

around her. As Suimei would put it, it was a simplistic barrier. Just touching

one of the threads might shred an opponent. No, considering Latora’s

personality, they would likely ensnare the target.

To get to Latora now, Lefille would either have to cut down every last

string or navigate her way through the gaps without letting them touch her.

The former would be easier—if they were normal strings, that is. But

Lefille knew Latora wouldn’t have put them up if they were so simple to

overpower. Assuming they’d be impossible to cut through, her only

remaining option was to slip her way through. The problem was that the

gaps weren’t even half the size of Lefille’s body. Yet in spite of her apparent

predicament...

“Do you really think I don’t have a way of breaking through this?!”

“Of course! These are strings I wove myself, you know? You won’t be

cutting through them anytime soon!”

“In that case, all I have to do is slip through them!”

“What are you, stupid? No matter how nice that thin little figure of

yours is, you can’t slip through that kind of— Huh? HUH?!”

Latora’s surprised voice echoed up and down the mountain trail. But that

reaction was quite natural. She’d thought Lefille was going to do her best to

crawl and stumble her way through the web of strings, but the moment she

was about to touch them, she turned into a red wind and blew right through

them.

“Wait, you couldn’t do that kinda thing before!”

Seeing this new technique of Lefille’s with her own eyes, Latora let out

a yell close to a shriek. But the red wind didn’t hear her, or perhaps just

didn’t care. It simply continued to blow through the maze of string, quickly

closing in on her. It was fast and moved erratically this way and that, and

eventually Latora’s eyes couldn’t keep up with it.

“Just ‘cause you can use that kinda technique...”

As Latora griped, Lefille circled around to her back, seemed to flank her

on either side, and then once more jumped out right in front of her. Latora

hadn’t expected an attack from straight on, and was late in reacting to the

slash. Yet a demon general’s power was nothing to be sneezed at. Even

being attacked at point blank like that, she was just able to evade Lefille’s

blade by a hair’s breadth.

“Hup, whoops, oh, whoopsies... Damn it!”

In order to escape Lefille’s blade, however, she was forced to land. And

her steps as she continued to evade Lefille’s sword were like drunken

staggering. She didn’t seem accustomed to fighting on the ground, and her

movements were decidedly unsubtle and awkward. But nevertheless, she

managed to skate by. She continued to evade Lefille’s long chain of deadly

slashes and eventually seized the opportunity strike back, lashing out with

her strings like a whip.

“How ‘bout this?!”

Because the whip undulated in the air, it was difficult to deal with, but

not impossible. In fact, Lefille had just seen Aerith Melfein of the Elite

Twelve use a similar magical attack just the other day during the matches.

She was ready for this.