And thus, under the command of Prince Reanat, the battle between the

imperial army and the demon horde was proceeding smoothly. His plan was

to lay traps and ambushes all along the mountain paths leading from the

savage northern lands of the Empire into its territory proper, and spring

them at the first sight of the incoming demons. To that end, scouts were sent

even to the most inhospitable locations so long as it would gain them the

vantage they needed. And so far, it was working wonderfully. The main

corps of the army was then left to defend against what demons did manage

to make it through the traps, and they were staunchly holding the line as

they waited for allied reinforcements.

So, between their traps and having the defensive position, the advantage

in this battle was inevitably the Empire’s. Unlike the flat wastelands of the

northern Alliance, even the terrain was on their side here. The mountainous

slopes and cliffs gave them countless opportunities to stage ambushes and

catch their enemy off guard. Moreover, they’d had access to reliable

intelligence before the battle even started. The demons had forcibly pushed

their way through the other countries leading up to the Empire, giving the

Empire a chance to observe their movements and prepare accordingly. In

essence, it took them long enough to get to the Empire that the Empire was

ready and waiting for them when they arrived.

And because things were going so perfectly according to plan, Suimei

and the others had initially been left to oversee the main encampment rather

than be called to battle. This was largely to allow the imperial army enough

time to establish a foothold and claim the glory for taking control of the

fight, but now that they had done so, Suimei and the others were finally

being called to action after a few days of waiting. And since Lefille had

returned to her original form in that time, she was the first one Reanat

petitioned.

“Is it really alright to entrust an entire unit to one such as myself?”

“I am fully aware that your powers are not limited to your prowess in

battle, Shrine Maiden-dono. I would like you to lead a unit and unleash the

power of the spirits to your heart’s content.”

And so, Lefille led a unit of imperial soldiers to take part in the

operation of stalling the demons. She marched with them to a strategic point

in the mountain range, and was now looking down at the demons. Her unit

was lined up in a grove of trees along the top of a cliff overlooking the

demons snaking their way up the narrow, winding mountain path. They had

no idea she and her men were there, making it the perfect opportunity for a

surprise attack.

“It seems... it’s about to rain here.”

But while everyone else was looking down, a quiet voice at the front of

the formation—right at the boundary between the thickets and the cliff’s

edge—lamented the foreboding signs of rain overhead. Lefille’s red hair,

bound in its usual ponytail, swayed ever so slightly as she turned to Liliana

atop a small horse. She honestly wasn’t sure if Liliana had just arrived or if

she’d blended in with the troops earlier, but appearing when least expected

was almost no surprise from a former member of the Empire’s intelligence

division— no, of the Sword Master of the Lonely Shadow’s daughter.

“Lily, did you need something?”

“Yes. I’ve come to report the current situation.”

“Please do.”

“Just as planned, the main encampment has begun preparations to retreat

further south. If nothing of note happens, then Hero Reiji and Her Royal

Highness Titania—who are still at the encampment—will stay out of the

fray and retreat with everyone else. It seems the prince intends to put them

to work in the decisive battle.”

“So they haven’t been deployed yet, hmm? As I suspected...”

“It’s because Hero Reiji doesn’t have much combat experience. Rather

than having him fight here on such rugged terrain, I imagine the tacticians

and such determined that he would better be able to display his power

elsewhere. Besides, if he fights in a larger battle with more troops, it will

increase both his odds of survival as well as morale.”

As Liliana concluded her report, Lefille exhaled slowly as if to expel the

tension lurking in her chest.

“What’s the matter?”

“Nothing. I’m just a little relieved.”

“You were uneasy about how they were going to use Reiji, right?”

“It’s not like Reiji-kun is the Empire’s hero, after all. I was wondering

how they were intending to use him. I wouldn’t have been surprised if they

didn’t use him at all for fear of him stealing their glory, or worse, signed

him up for some bizarre and risky strategy under the pretense that he would

be fine because he’s a hero.”

“There’s no need to worry. His Highness Reanat... isn’t the scheming

type like His Majesty the Emperor.”

In other words, that might have happened if the emperor himself were

commanding this battle. He wouldn’t have hesitated to call on the hero’s

divine protection for his own gain.

“Now, how about Suimei-kun?”

“It seems he’s been allowed to move as he sees fit. His Highness Reanat

did not assign him a location or give him any other specifications. Since

military gains aren’t being stressed as important now, the prince informed

him he may do as he likes so long as he doesn’t get in the way.”

“Which means... His Highness Reanat has a powerful pawn like Suimei-

kun at his disposal, but couldn’t think of an effective way to use him.”

“Probably. His Highness Reanat’s strength is in orchestrating teams,

after all. Suimei is something of a special exception.”

Suimei, like Lefille and the others, was worth at least an entire squad on

his own. That meant that no natter what squad or unit he was put into, he

would be well out of the league of his fellow comrades. There was the

possibility of sending him on a mission on his own, but Reanat didn’t know

what kind of war potential he really had. And so, stuck between a rock and

a hard place, he and his army ended up in the strange position of wanting to

deploy Suimei, but having no idea how. If he was like Lefille and had the

charisma to lead a unit of his own, it would have been a different story

altogether.

“I’m a magician and a student, you know? Ain’t it obvious I can’t do

anything like that?” he’d said before Lefille’s unit departed.

As she recalled that curious conversation with a smile, Liliana surveyed

their current surroundings.

“I see... things are going according to plan... here as well.”

“Yeah, look. Those damnable demons have rather carelessly stretched

themselves thin. If we attack here, we should be able to do more damage

than we were expecting.”

Choosing this location for the ambush was part of Lefille’s strategy. That

said, the route the demons were taking had been confirmed beforehand. All

Lefille really had to do was guide her unit there and cast the net. Since the

demons were making their way along the narrow mountain path, their ranks

were noticeably thinner than usual. They were only walking two or three

abreast. Attacking them from above now would throw their entire line into

disorder, and it wouldn’t be impossible to exterminate every last one in a

melee after that.

“Has the oil... already been prepared?” Liliana asked.

“With no delays,” Lefille answered, pointing.

On the far right and left flanks of the unit, several men were gathered

around large earthenware pots. Under these circumstances, fire would prove

a rather handy tool for them. It wouldn’t do anything against the demons

because of their protection from the Evil God, but they had regular

monsters mixed in their ranks, and that changed things considerably. After

dropping boulders at the start and end of their line and then pouring the oil,

Lefille’s mage team would light a blaze to cause chaos while the main unit

attacked. It was a relatively simple strategy, but when properly set up,

extremely effective. As their likelihood for victory was demonstrated to

Liliana, she closed her eye in relief and stroked the neck of her horse.

“Then with this... I will take my leave.”

“What’s next for you?”

“I’ve finished my rounds... so I’ll return to the main encampment... for

now. After that... I’ll probably be used for communications again.”

“I’ll leave it to you.”

“Very well.”

As Liliana made her way to the back of the unit, she suddenly seemed to

vanish right along with the horse she was riding. It was one thing for her to

make herself disappear, but for the horse too... It left Lefille wondering

what kind of wiles she was using, and whether it was something she’d

learned from the Sword Master of the Lonely Shadow or Suimei. No,

perhaps it was a combination of the two. In any event, Lefille mounted her

own horse and turned to the soldiers behind her. She then issued them their

orders as if she were completely unafraid of the demons just below.

“The time has come for us to make our move! As soon as the boulders

are in place, the mages will let loose fire magic at the front and rear of their

formation while we attack the center! We will treat them to a banquet of

rock and oil, and entertain them in the theater of flames! Now, ready

yourselves!”

In response to Lefille’s rally, the soldiers let out hushed but passionate

cries of praise for both her and the Goddess. Morale was extraordinarily

high, considering the circumstances. It was a sign of just how much faith

the men had in their Goddess and her power. Precisely as Reanat planned,

the effect of the Shrine Maiden of the Spirits’ glorious name had an

explosive effect in the fight against demons.

After Lefille’s unit completed their preparations, they pushed large rocks

off the far sides of the cliff. The weight of them alone crushed several

demons and monsters in the fall. Immediately following the rocks came a

rain of viscous and extremely flammable oil, and then fire.

“The demons are in complete disarray...”

“Good... Just like that...”

As the demons at the front and rear of their formation began scrambling

in confusion, the panic worked its way through the line like a candle

burning at both ends. It eventually reached the center, completely halting

their march. Finally having noticed the human forces overhead responsible

for all this, the demons began howling as they tried to scale the cliff face.

But it was already well beyond the point that would do them any good.

“Leave behind the defenses for the mages! All cavalry, charge those

damnable demons on the cliff! Mages, continue to rain fire on the front and

rear of their formation! Let’s go!”

At Lefille’s command, her soldiers poured over the cliff’s edge like an

avalanche. They spread out and attacked, creating a huge melee. And

exactly as Lefille pictured, the mountain road was littered with the corpses

of demons.

★

No matter how threatening a demon was to an individual human, it was

obvious at a glance what kind of advantage an organized group of men had

over the demons in complete disarray. And that was only accentuated in the

narrow mountain path. Lefille and her troops kept close ranks and were on

top of things, while the demons were even attacking their own in the smoke

and chaos. They were self-destructively accelerating their own losses.

Meanwhile, Lefille was skillfully handling her horse on the narrow road

as she scattered the surrounding demons. She would guide the reigns with

one hand while hacking apart her foes with her sword in the other. Each and

every demon who drew near, without exception, fell prey to her large blade.

But the ones who wouldn’t dare approach grew in number as she

demonstrated her fell strength, slowly forming a dense circle around her. In

a constricted space like this, she couldn’t unleash Gala Valner for fear of

hurting her own allies. So instead...

“Oh red gale... Heed my will. Become our furious mantle.”

As Lefille hummed those words like she was praying, a red wind

wrapped around her horse as if it were donning armor. It tapered down its

legs and wound in especially thick coils around its hooves. And then...

“YAH!”

Lefille shouted and spurred her horse, charging for the wall of demons

without a hint of fear. She plowed right into them, and her red wind blew

them away. The demons at the very front also had the pleasure of being

crushed by the red wind coiled around the horse’s hooves.

Right from the outset of the battle, she had taken the superior position.

All that was left was to follow through and exterminate the rest of the

demons as planned... Or so she thought. Just as she burst through the

encirclement around her, a messenger came sliding down the hill. He didn’t

even wait to come to a stop before shouting out his emergency message.

“Shrine Maiden-dono! Demon reinforcements to the rear!”

But even as that frantic report reached her ears, Lefille remained calm.

“I see. So reinforcements have come... Do not lose yourselves, men!

Follow the plan! We will rout the demons at the front and then retreat! I will