thanks for sharing your plan to spur the Alliance and the self-governed state

into action.”

After Reanat expressed his thanks, Graziella turned a delighted smile on

Suimei.

“To think that Reiji would make that kind of declaration...”

“Aah...”

Upon receiving such unexpected praise for what happened, Suimei

thought back to when he’d first brought up his plan. It was a few days ago

when they were all sitting in his living room contemplating what they might

do about the other nations.

“Try saying that if they aren’t going to send reinforcements or support,

you won’t save them.”

That was what Suimei had proposed to Reiji with an impish smile on his

lips. It must have sounded like the devil on his shoulder was talking. But

nevertheless, Reiji had accepted and followed through. After passing along

that declaration through the Church of Salvation, as one would expect, the

bubble the Alliance and the self-governed state were maintaining around

themselves burst and they immediately declared their intent to send

reinforcements and support. Whether it was just the threat that a hero

wouldn’t come to help them when the demons attacked or whether they

took such a threat as a sign of losing the Goddess’s favor was uncertain. But

one thing it did make quite clear was the influence the heroes had.

“It was quite the clever plan, and something we never would have

thought of. At first, we were satisfied that refugees from the north were

being accepted, but we have unexpectedly gained quite a bit of leeway. It

was a very satisfactory hand to play.”

“It really wasn’t all that much... I’m a little doubtful that nobody else

could have thought of it.”

“That... To the people of this world, they are shirking their obligation to

the heroes. If a hero is wronged, there is a history of that debt being

definitively paid back. So for a hero to say they will not save a country, that

would force their hand in the extreme. Defying them would be like defying

the Goddess herself—truly unthinkable.”

“I see...”

Hearing this, Suimei was convinced. Just as Reanat said, a hero was a

divine messenger to the countries. In other words, they were in a near

absolute position of authority. Neither Astel nor the Alliance would have

ever dreamed of manipulating Reiji or Hatsumi. Hadorious was an obvious

exception, but so much as coercing the hero into doing something—even if

there was no ill will—was bad enough. But if a country incurred the hero’s

displeasure, they never knew what kind of calamity would befall them.

Moreover, since the heroes were champions of the Goddess, blatantly

defying them could be considered sacrilege.

It was then that Suimei realized that though all the eyes on him were

severe, there was a great sense of relief in them. The people at the strategy

meeting had beheld him as a dubious stranger at first, but upon learning he

was a good friend of the hero who’d come to help, there was no longer a

harshness in the way they looked at him. If anything, they beheld him with

admiration now. It seemed both soldiers and nobles alike treated matters

related to the heroes as something sacred.

“Now, without ado, I would like to discuss our plans. There are those

here who already know, but the vanguard has already moved out to slow the

demons’ advance. Until the reinforcements and support arrive from the

other nations, I would like all sides to disperse and contribute to stalling the

demons as well.”

Reanat had both his hands on the table and was giving a brief summary

of what was to come. In short, they were buying time until their

preparations were complete. Lefille, who seemed to have doubts about this

plan, politely raised her hand.

“Your Imperial Highness Reanat, dividing soldiers on this scale for the

sake of buying time seems far too haphazard. Though it is only my humble

opinion, would it not be a better idea to gather the forces and intercept the

demons together?”

She saw Reanat’s plan to sequentially throw his forces in small groups at

the demons as a poor move. Certainly, however, in terms of resources, it

also seemed like a waste of war potential to throw the entire army at the

demons at once. Lefille was moreso thinking that it would be better to use

the encampment and the terrain to their advantage to engage the enemy in a

serious strategic battle.

“...?”

However, Lefille received no reply to her unreserved opinion. Instead,

Reanat simply seemed to be staring at her in curious wonderment. He even

cocked his head to the side.

“Your Imperial Highness, is something the matter?”

“Ah, no. My apologies, but are you truly the Shrine Maiden of

Noshias?”

“Y-Yes, I am.”

“Is that so...? I-I see.”

Reanat sighed a bit upon confirming Lefille’s identity. That and the

slight grimace on his face indicated the disconnect he was experiencing

between what was seeing and what he was being told. Her brother still

clearly confused, Graziella spoke up in a deliberately insulting tone.

“Elder brother, it seems that because of the spirits’ power, Shrine

Maiden-dono ends up stumpy like that sometimes.”

“Stumpy?! What do you mean, stumpy?!”

After scowling at Graziella for a while, Lefille cleared her throat in a

manner quite unbecoming of her current appearance and addressed the still-

confounded prince.

“Due to certain circumstances, I am currently in this form. But there’s

no need to worry. I will regain my original form within a few days.”

“A-Ah. It is quite difficult to have a body entrusted with the power of

the spirits, I see...”

And with that, the conversation about Lefille’s current condition came to

an end. Reanat had nothing more to ask her. It was often said that when

people experienced things that were difficult to comprehend or talk about,

they simply didn’t address them at all. That wasn’t too far from what was

happening here. Lefille was like the tiny elephant in the room.

Yet despite the mystery surrounding her, no one regarded Lefille with

suspicion. She was a companion of the hero, after all. Suimei believed this

was yet another example of Reiji’s influence at work. But in any event, as

the conversation about her came to an end, Reanat quickly changed gears

and tightened his expression.

“Well then, about your earlier question, the reason we are focusing on

stalling for the time being is because we anticipate that our reinforcements

will likely arrive later than planned.”

“Meaning?”

“Just as you said, Shrine Maiden-dono, rather than dispersing our forces,

we have the option of uniting and clashing with the demons as one. If we

can hold them back for now, we would likely be able to drive them back

once joined by reinforcements. It would be a steady battle. I also thought of

this at first, but the situation has changed. I no longer believe we’ll be able

to gather all our forces in this encampment. Therefore, we will disperse for

now and slow down the demons’ advance while we plan for the real battle

further back. I judged that this would be more reliable.”

As Reanat explained his plan in a somewhat self-deprecating tone, it

was Titania who raised her hand this time.

“Your Imperial Highness, in that case, it sounds to me like you plan on

abandoning this encampment...”

“That is correct. Does Your Royal Highness believe this to be a waste?”

“Though it may be imprudent of me.”

“No, forgive me. I said something obstinate like my younger sister

would. As our army is abundant with mages, it is not a terrible blow to us to

lose one encampment. In other words, we shall lure the demons in. And

until our preparations are complete, we shall only go as far as stalling them.

Then we will abandon the encampment and quickly fall back. After that, we

will carry out the decisive battle at a much larger encampment prepared

further to the rear. That is what we ultimately mean to do.”

It was a befitting plan for the current situation. Rather than rushing into

things for the sake of glory, Reanat had properly considered the

circumstances at hand.

As he was suggesting, if they abandoned the encampment and retreated,

the demons would think they were fleeing and likely chase them down like

animals. And if they were lying in wait for the demons as they came, it very

well might be possible to crush them all. The earthbound demons and the

demons that flew naturally travelled at different speeds, so their forces were

divided while on the move—including in pursuit. On top of that, the

mountain terrain was rugged and severe. It made it difficult to keep any

kind of formation, so the probability of the demons falling into such a trap

was even higher.

But if the demons turned things around like they had in the Alliance with

Hatsumi and began moving and working in ways that defied all

expectations, things could get ugly at any time. But there was no point

making such a statement this far into things, so Suimei kept quiet and

simply stroked his chin as he nursed such thoughts. Meanwhile, Reanat got

to where Suimei’s group came into his plans.

“As for our guests and the hero, I would like to entrust our headquarters

to you, and have you ready to take action more flexibly.”

“Understood.”

Reiji nodded back at Reanat’s instructions without a single shred of

doubt. On the other hand, Titania and Lefille were quietly grumbling as if

they were resigning themselves. Reiji then leaned over and whispered to

Suimei.

“Hey, Suimei. The two of them are acting like they get what the prince is

saying, but they’re acting weird. What’s up with that?”

“Think about it. It’s probably bad to let foreigners bag all the credit in a

big battle. The Empire needs to do a lot of the legwork to keep troop morale

up. So since we have Tia and Lefille, who are both experienced in war...

We’re a bit of a difficult group to handle.”

“Aah...”

“If the Imperial Army can snag the first victory of the battle, depending

on how things go, they’ll either have us jump in or just reserve us for the

decisive battle to come.”

In the battlefields all throughout history, the first strike and the first

victory were of utmost importance. If a foreign commander like Titania

were the one to take them here, all recognition for the battle would go to

her. And that would be no small slight to the militant Empire. For the same

reasons, they wanted to avoid relying too heavily on either Reiji or Lefille.

It made more sense to keep them at the base and only deploy them when

necessary.

“Wow, politics in war is a real pain, huh?”

“Seriously.”

“And we’ve kind of served our purpose already just by getting the other

countries involved, haven’t we?”

“For the most part. Well, since you’re a hero, they’re probably also

expecting great things from you in the decisive battle.”

That said, Reiji was indeed correct in that most of their role had already

been fulfilled. If the battle went well enough from here, they might not even

see combat at all. That was both the advantage and disadvantage of having a

reputation. Just by being there, the Empire could advertise their presence

for morale or blame things on them if the battle went poorly.

As the talks about plans for Suimei and Reiji’s group came to an end, the

council went on to discuss the detailed roles allotted to each of the Empire’s

officers. Up until now, they had been all listening quietly, but now that

potential glory and achievements were on the line, they were quarrelling

over who got to take on the more dangerous duties. So-and-so’s men were

the most resolute. So-and-so would never look back in the face of adversity.

So-and-so was the most loyal to the country. Many such claims were being

shouted across the table.

As that dispute began to wane towards its end, the entrance to the tent

suddenly flipped open and a large robed man stepped inside. After saluting,

he removed his hood to reveal the face of an elderly man. His white hair,

drooping cheeks, many wrinkles, and tired expression betrayed his years,

but he had a piercing glint in his eyes. His spirit more than made up for his

age; he gave off a strong, if not somewhat curious, impression. He took a

knee and bowed before the prince, who then called out to him.

“Gorgan. Is something the matter?”

“First, allow me to apologize to both of Your Highnesses for interrupting

you in the middle of the war council. I beg for forgiveness from each of the

gathered generals as well.”

With that, the old man once more bowed down deeply. Though he