“Don’t be a fool. The exchange is perfectly balanced. No, we’ve come

out ahead.”

Or so he said, but that math didn’t make sense to Ilzarl. He had his

doubts about Lishbaum’s logic. Certainly, his plan had taken its toll on the

enemy, but the losses they’d sustained to get there equaled that. So no

matter how Ilzarl looked at it, it just didn’t add up. The humans had lost

plenty of men in the surprise attack, but so too had the demons in the raid

on their decoy forces in the mountains.

If they could crush the enemy’s main force, that would be a price worth

paying, but the encampment they were going after was just a vanguard

outpost. It was only there to buy time for reinforcements. Knowing they

were about to face a much greater threat, the cost was too great.

“Will they really be able to take advantage of this? Rather, under current

circumstances, isn’t it more likely that those guys will just flee?”

By “those guys,” Ilzarl meant Grallajearus and the force springing the

surprise attack. They’d moved in a comparatively small group for stealth,

meaning it would be easy enough to outnumber them. They were demons,

so maybe even being outnumbered wouldn’t stop them. But—as someone

who wasn’t really a demon himself—Ilzarl had sufficient reason to be

concerned. And in response to his question, Lishbaum returned a cruel

smile that even made Ilzarl’s blood run cold.

“And just what is the problem with that? Let them flee. For argument’s

sake, let’s say they are annihilated. What do we care?”

Ilzarl had no idea where that answer had come from. The demons were

all supposed to be completely focused on victory, but there was something

sinister in Lishbaum’s smile that told Ilzarl his goals were different. He

stared hard at Lishbaum for a time, and then once more looked over the

flow of the battle with a bored expression.

“I didn’t think you were the kind of bastard to use tactics like Vuishta.”

“You overestimate me. I’m no strategist. Not even close. All I know how

to use are hackneyed tactics like this.”

“Are you serious? Aren’t nefarious tricks your damn specialty?”

As Ilzarl spoke with a hint of sarcasm, Lishbaum replied with a

seemingly happy smile like he was being praised.

“Oh, no, certainly not. This is the extent of my trickery. Trapping an

opponent or completely reading their movements would be near impossible.

If I could do such a thing, then I really would be a crafty schemer. An

outright master of subterfuge. But alas, sometimes sacrifices are simply

necessary in battle. For an amateur strategist like me, calling this a plan

might be far too impertinent. That’s why the most I can do is this level of

petty trickery. But that’s fine, isn’t it? When it comes to offensives, we will

have a countless number of opportunities, after all.”

As Lishbaum spoke of the lives of their demon subordinates like they

were a complete afterthought, Ilzarl narrowed his eyes and glared at him.

“Lishbaum, just what the hell are you thinking?”

“Regarding that, if things proceed quickly, I will be able to tell you very

soon— Oh my, but it seems they’re making a move now.”

Lishbaum’s gaze shifted focus as Reiji began cutting the demons with

Titania at his back. And soon enough, he came to the mountain of flesh in

his way. That mountain of flesh was something Ilzarl knew well.

“Grallajearus, you’re going to do it?”

“The hero is likely taking the maximum burden on the front line to

reduce the stress on the soldiers. If the hero dies right there, then their

morale will plummet irrecoverably.”

Just as Lishbaum said, the death of a hero would have a devastating

effect. And for the demons, defeating the heroes was one of their highest

priorities. It was a grand plan, but Ilzarl had a somewhat dissatisfied

expression on his face.

“How unexpected for that hero to be here...”

“Was this something you could not foresee?”

“That hero still hasn’t gotten used to the power of the Goddess. The

offerings around him are probably treating him preciously and taking him

out to grow stronger as he gets accustomed to his power. For him, this is a

necessary step.”

“Certainly.”

“However, it seems those offerings do not yet understand just what a

hero truly is. It’s somewhat premature to thrust him before Grallajearus.”

“Oho, then are you saying that the hero does not have even the smallest

chance of winning?”

“Isn’t that obvious? Grallajearus is a demon general, after all.”

The hero could never win here. Not only were his skills lacking, but the

demon known as Grallajearus was particularly strong.

“So is that why you look disappointed? Because the meal that you

purposely set aside for yourself is being snatched away?”

“Well, yeah.”

Back in the temple grotto in the self-governed state, Ilzarl had left Reiji

because he was unripe. The power Ilzarl would gain from consuming him

was insufficient. So he’d let him go in hopes of fattening him up for a future

feast. But now that was being taken from him. The disappointment of

having one’s favorite food stolen off of their plate after saving it for last was

something anyone could understand. But while talking of such things,

Lishbaum abruptly changed the subject.

“Ilzarl-dono, if I remember correctly, you gave that thing I had asked for

to that hero, right?”

“That thing that you asked for? Oh, that. Hmph. Are you mad because I

didn’t complete your little errand?”

“No, I do not particularly mind. I didn’t expect anything from you in the

first place.”

Really, he didn’t expect anything from anyone. Ignoring the slight, Ilzarl

expressed his skepticism.

“You don’t mind? Does that mean it isn’t all that much of a threat?”

“Goodness no. That... The Sacrament is something that could reach even

the Evil God, just as I said before. That much is true. However, it is not so

easy to use.”

“Even so, that man—the hero—was chosen by the Goddess, right?”

“That’s unrelated. Between being chosen by the Goddess and being

accepted as worthy by the Sacrament... I needn’t even say which of the two

is more difficult.”

Ilzarl raised an eyebrow, unsure of the meaning behind Lishbaum’s

words. But he didn’t question him. The matter was inconsequential to him,

after all. But Lishbaum explained nevertheless.

“The real question is whether that hero’s inner voice can be heard. If his

thoughts can reach its very roots, or if that Lapis Judaicus answers him. The

power he would obtain then would be...”

Lishbaum said nothing more after that. He only smiled faintly as he

stifled a laugh before letting it out without reserve.