“You fell for it, you idiot!”

By the time Baaldan realized what he’d just walked into, it was too late.

He’d been made a fool of. And in the instant he looked away, Suimei had

closed the distance. As for Reiji and Felmenia who were watching...

“Come on, Suimei... You can’t just...”

“Suimei-dono...”

They both sounded defeated. What Suimei had just done was no better

than sneaking in a sucker punch after shouting, “It’s a UFO!” or “Look, a

flying pig!” It was like a gag straight out of a manga. The success rate on

such a stupid trick of a tactic was frightfully low, but Suimei had had the

perfect act and setup. He’d actually managed to pull it off.

While Baaldan was distracted, Suimei unleashed a flurry of blows on

him. He intentionally drove his fists into several vital spots in Baaldan’s

core, but his last punch was squarely focused on the underside of his chin.

And he didn’t hesitate to raise his fist in victory. Though Baaldan saw

exactly where this was going, he had no way of stopping it. That last blow

spelled his inevitable defeat.

“Guh, ah... T-To use such a classic move...”

“It’s your fault for falling for it. Rather, for not properly paying attention

to your surroundings. You really gotta start all over back from the basics,

dude. That’s what you get for underestimating people. Freaking idiot.”

Under the hail of Suimei’s verbal abuse, Baaldan fell to the ground. In

the end, it was something of an anticlimactic fight.

“Well, with that much blood rushing to his head, he couldn’t think

properly anyways.”

Naturally, Baaldan couldn’t hear Suimei making fun of him anymore.

After surpassing his limits from continuous usage of magic, he’d gotten

short of breath and deliriously feverish due to his lack of mana. Hardly

anyone could defend themselves in that condition. Baaldan had treated

Suimei like a lesser opponent the entire fight, and this outcome was just

proof that people with massive egos were easy to manipulate. He was so

blinded by his disdain for his opponent that he hadn’t been able to see the

actual difference in their abilities. And that ultimately spelled his defeat. It

was no different from when Graziella fell into the trap of magicka melt. It

should have been easily avoidable.

The continuous use of serial magic, in itself, wasn’t all that uncommon.

It was a valuable technique in Suimei’s world. Any decent magician could

do it. But they had knowledge of entropy and, more importantly, mana

furnaces—something the people of this world were sorely lacking. Without

mana furnaces, they had no way of converting the wasted heat and mana

into steam to get rid of it. It would just build and build until they overheated

like Baaldan had. But he was lucky he’d stopped when he did. More

extreme cases of overheating could result in compromised vision or even

blindness.

As Suimei was thinking through all this, he exited the arena and

approached his friends, who had plenty to say.

“Say, Tia, Suimei’s fight and the one before it were basically on the

same level, weren’t they...?”

“I lost to a man who does stuff like that... Unforgivable.”

“Suimei-kun, this is grounds for a sermon.”

Reiji was exasperated, Titania was burning with an aura of anger

directed at Suimei, and Lefille was itching to lecture him.

“Uhhh...”

In the end, the third match would go down as victory by surprise attack.

★

Immediately following the conclusion of the matches...

“There is no way that such a thing could...”

He genuinely hadn’t thought that the Elite Twelve could be defeated.

But he’d observed all of the matches for himself, leaving him in a

dumbfounded state repeating the same words of disbelief over and over.

All three members of the Elite Twelve he’d chosen were supposed to

win against their opponents. He acknowledged that there was a chance—

however unlikely—that Aerith might lose to Liliana, but Slane and

Baaldan... Their victories should have been certain.

But reality was harshly different from expectation. Both up-and-comers

and veterans of the Elite Twelve alike had been defeated. Worse yet, the last

two matches had ended in humiliation. As the head of the Elite Twelve,

Gorgan couldn’t possibly stand for this. Yet the shock of the landslide

defeat was so great that he couldn’t even think of anything to say. He

simply stared on in awe, his thoughts in complete disarray. And while he

was in this daze, Reanat appeared, accompanied by his attendant.

“Gorgan.”

“Y-Your Imperial Highness...”

Even staggered by defeat, Gorgan at least had the wherewithal to

remember his manners in front of the prince and took a knee in a fluster.

Reanat then asked for confirmation in a tone like he was admonishing his

subordinate.

“The matches have all concluded. You no longer have any complaints,

correct?”

“Your Highness, I cannot apologize enough for the unsightly display the

members of the Elite Twelve put on for you.”

“There was no helping it. Their opponents today were poor matches for

them.”

“But for the Elite Twelve to be so humiliated in such underhanded

fights, Aerith aside... This will have an effect on the glorious reputation of

the imperial army. I feel that we must take some sort of responsibility.”

“Responsibility, you say?”

“Yes, Your Highness.”

Desperate times called for desperate measures, and taking responsibility

was Gorgan’s desperate plan. In essence, if the Elite Twelve went down, the

entire army would suffer for it. And he was planning on preying on that

fact. Surely the prince wouldn’t stand for such a national embarrassment.

With his permission, rather than accepting defeat, Gorgan would contest the

matches and lodge complaints against the opponents that had defeated

Slane and Baaldan. That way it wouldn’t be a complete defeat, and he could

mitigate the damage done to the Elite Twelve’s name. If the public took

their side in an outcry of sympathy, then they even stood to gain something

out of this.

But this plan all hinged on the prince. And so Gorgan bowed his head,

waiting to hear Reanat’s reply. Whether or not he realized exactly what

Gorgan was up to, he shook his head.

“Gorgan, these matches were the result of you obsessing over your

opponents, their attitudes, and their skills from the very beginning. It had

nothing to do with responsibility. Thus, there is no need for you to take

responsibility now.”

“But...”

Not getting the answer he was hoping for, Gorgan tried to cling to the

conversation. But rather than the prince’s soft voice, a haughty scoff came

in reply.

“As such, from here on, you shall refrain from such impertinent

interference.”

It was Graziella, approaching from behind.

“Your Imperial Highness Graziella...”

“What’s with that nasty face? Do you disapprove?”

“With all due respect, this is a matter that concerns more than just those

who fought today. This concerns all of the Elite Twelve, including you as

one of its members, Your Highness.”

“Are you in any sort of position to be plotting so? You intend to

challenge the fights to have the results questioned, don’t you? I’ve already

seen through your ulterior motive.”

As Graziella laughed scornfully, Gorgan was unable to argue and simply

stayed silent. Graziella then suddenly went from laughing to looking rather

serious.

“Well, regardless of your scheming, I understand your discontent with

regards to the Empire’s current situation. It’s now the status quo that our

allied nations are less than enthusiastic. Yet if the Elite Twelve were to

make an impression now, it would demonstrate the Empire’s strength both

at home and abroad.”

“If Your Highness understands such things, then...”

“Gorgan, did my elder brother not say so just now? They were bad

matchups. Accept the results.”

Even with Graziella rebuking him, Gorgan didn’t seem ready to back

down. It was likely the stubbornness of the conceit he’d built up as an

important mage over the years. His sour expression and the light in his dull

eyes said loud and clear that he hadn’t accepted anything. Reading such

subtleties, Graziella let out a sigh.

“You must have seen it for yourself. Liliana has already been released

from the malevolent bonds of dark magic and become a powerful master in

her own right. And the one who calls herself Io Kuzami played a key role in

repelling a demon general. Against those kinds of opponents, it would be

childish to claim that their victories were hollow.”

“But that man who fought in the last match... He was simply joking

around.”

“Did you see that as joking around?”

“That kind of fighting... All I saw was him teasing his opponent.”

“Hmph. Did it also look that way to you, elder brother?”

As Graziella deferred to her brother, Reanat made a slightly bitter

expression.

“Let me see... Regardless of what the truth may be, from the standpoint

of a mere observer, it could honestly be said that it was an unsatisfying

fight. Do you not think so, Lyla?”

“As I suspected. Without a proper perspective, things can appear very

skewed. Having fought against that man once myself, I know the skill he

possesses for tactics and magic is boundless. That last trick was out of

bounds, however.”

Yet despite how the fight had ended, from Graziella’s point of view,

Suimei’s performance was remarkable because it meant that he’d

completely seen through his opponent. It may not have looked that way to

anyone else, but having fought Suimei before, Graziella knew just what it

meant to fall into one of his traps.

“With all due respect, Your Highness, in what way is that man’s skill

boundless? I can hardly see that he has any at all.”

“My god, you still don’t see it for yourself? You’ve grown senile. Out of

all of them, that man is the most dangerous.”

“That man is?”

“That’s right. Besides, you yourself said that he was just joking around.

Just think about that for a moment. What that really means is that he’s so

powerful that such a fight was merely a joke to him. But Baaldan was

taunting him from the outset. He was asking for it, so he simply retaliated in

kind, even if he did go too far... Or do you have something to say about

Baaldan’s carelessness?”

“...No, Your Highness.”

There, Reanat turned to Graziella as though he’d just remembered

something.

“Lyla, back when you fought against our guest from the other world, I

heard that you overwhelmed him?”

“Quite so. But I came to learn afterward that he was gravely injured at

the time I fought him. And I resent the implication.”

There was clear discontent and other unresolved emotion in Graziella’s

voice.

“But to think he would so frivolously defeat one of the Elite Twelve...”

Reanat hadn’t evaluated Suimei all that highly. At best, he thought he

was around or below the level of the Elite Twelve. But Reanat didn’t know

about that.

“Elder brother, I do believe you’ve heard reports of the recent demon

invasion in Astel.”

“Aah, you mean where ten thousand demons and monsters were

defeated? Yes, what about it?”

“The one who did that... seems to have been that man on his own.”

Hearing Graziella grow timid at such a declaration, Reanat’s expression

became severe.

“...Ridiculous. Ten thousand demons? On his own? No matter how

strong he is, that’s...”

“I do not think Her Royal Highness Titania would lie on the matter.

Besides, isn’t the fact that Liliana Zandyke has amassed so much power in

such a short amount of time also sufficient proof of his strength?”

“It was reported to me that our guest from another world was not a hero,

though...”

“Yes, that is correct. However, in their world, there are apparently

masters scattered about who surpass even him.”