surprise. Immortality was one of humanity’s perpetual dreams. Even if

Felmenia could never grasp it with her own hands, she was beyond

astounded to learn that there were others who had already seized it for

themselves.

“There is a saying that we magicians know not the limits of expansion.

Really, you could say it’s only after a normal human tampers with their

ethereal body that they truly become a magician.”

Magicians were different from regular humans. This applied not just in

their way of life, but their very existence. They were living beings of

heightened mysticism. They could elevate their spirits to the next level and

fire off the intense psychic chill brought about by magicka. They could

manifest golden eyes, and they had a general disinterest in machines. They

were so far removed from humanity that perhaps it was indeed fair to say

they were no longer human at all.

“...Then as I am now, even though I can use magicka, I am still not fully

a magician, correct?”

“That’s about the size of it. It would be more proper to say you’re just a

magicka user. But that’s all circumstantial.”

“But this also means I can become a magician, no?!”

Felmenia pumped both of her clenched fists into the air. To her, this was

a clear step towards a goal. Discovering it had likely motivated her.

“Speaking of, about your assignment from here on, Menia...”

“I have also given that consideration. I have a large task ahead of me.”

“So you’ve already realized what you need now?”

“The answer is firepower, no?”

“Hmm?”

Felmenia was making a serious expression, just like the one Reiji had

when talking about the demon general. But because what had come out of

her mouth was such a large leap from what Suimei was thinking, he

couldn’t hide his astonishment. Felmenia seemed to be looking for

confirmation, however, so she proceeded to explain herself.

“I have been thinking about it for some time now. My magicka simply

does not have enough firepower... What is the matter, Suimei-dono?”

Felmenia grew doubtful when Suimei offered no response whatsoever.

His eyes had turned to blank dots like he was completely flummoxed.

“Er, yeah... By all means, please continue...”

“Back in the fight with Jillbert-dono, even with Lily’s support, I was

forced on the defensive. I have been contemplating it ever since—how I

could have done things differently, how I could have improved the

situation. I’ve also carefully been assessing the way I’ve fought up until

now and comparing it with other means I know...”

“And so, why firepower?”

“You see, after looking back at the fight with you, Suimei-dono, I think

that firepower is what I was missing.”

“Huh?! Me?!”

“Additionally, when it comes to strong mages in this world, Graziella-

dono’s attacks also have a great deal of firepower. Even watching Lefille

fight with a sword, I have seen her cut into her opponents’ attacks with

sheer strength. Thusly, I have come to the conclusion that I too need an

increase in firepower.”

Felmenia grew more and more passionate as she talked. But for all her

enthusiasm, it seemed Suimei had nothing to say. Or rather, he didn’t know

what to say. Felmenia had taken this and run—quite ardently—in a different

direction.

It was true that both Lefille and Suimei had a number of powerful

single-strike attacks meant to put direct pressure on their opponents. But in

Suimei’s opinion, he thought Felmenia’s role was more delicate than that.

She was always the one who’d taken care of the housework and clerical

work for the group, jobs that required attention to detail. The way she

worked was modest and meticulous, and that showed in her magicka. The

fact that she’d come to such an astute conclusion in regards to her own

skills was proof of that.

But... if she’s so delicate by nature, then shouldn’t it be alright for her to

focus on upping her firepower?

In this world, there was certainly no harm in possessing powerful magic.

And with Felmenia being so modest and meticulous, there was no need to

worry about how she would use it.

“Is something the matter, Suimei-dono?”

“...No, you’re right. Let’s increase your firepower, Menia. Shall we

concentrate on controlling bigger spells and giving them your own flavor?”

“Yes, please!”

“Well, before that, about the medical treatment regarding the ethereal

body and the manufacture of an altar...”

But just as Suimei started to explain what creating a mana furnace

would actually entail...

“Hmm?”

He suddenly heard someone coming from down the alleyway. Because

the alleyway they were standing in only led to the house, it likely meant that

either Lefille and the others had returned or that some other visitor had

arrived. Because the alleys of the imperial capital were so complicated,

however, it could also just be someone who’d gotten lost.

When Suimei and Felmenia looked down the alleyway, what they

spotted was a girl dressed in the robes of the Church of Salvation. She was

out of breath and holding herself up with one hand on the wall, so it was

plain to see she was both exhausted and in a hurry. But this girl was no

stranger. There was no mistaking the attendant priestess of the hero of El

Meide, Christa.

“What are...”

Before Suimei could even finish his question, Christa began explaining

between ragged breaths.

“I... I apologize for being so abrupt, but the matter is urgent... I need to

speak with the hero of Astel...”

“To Reiji?”

“Y-Yes...”

“Just what in the world happened?”

“Elliot-sama... Elliot-sama went to Duke Hadorious’s mansion...”

And he hadn’t come back. Hearing the story, Suimei and Felmenia

immediately moved into action.

★

It was already afternoon by the time Christa made it to Suimei’s

residence. And with her came dark clouds rolling in like ominous heralds of

the news she brought. The heavens that had been clear and blue earlier now

looked like they might open at any minute. Because of that, Lefille and the

others quickly returned from their outing as well. So, in an unexpectedly

short amount of time, everyone had gathered in the living room of the

Yakagi residence. Seeing this, Io Kuzami was the first to open her mouth.

“So, just what has happened that you’d suddenly gather everyone like

this? I do believe we sufficiently discussed everything yesterday.”

Christa beheld Io Kuzami, who was sitting there with both her arms and

legs crossed, with a quizzical gaze. She looked like Mizuki, after all, but

was speaking like Graziella. During the incident in the imperial capital,

Christa had been Mizuki’s opponent and had learned a good deal about her

personality that way, leaving her completely baffled to see her like this now.

Although, to be fair, that applied to almost everyone present.

“Don’t worry about Mizuki. Some stuff happened and her personality

changed; that’s all.”

“R-Reiji-sama, what exactly does that mean...?”

“If you don’t mind, I’d like to leave it at that...”

Reiji shook his head as if to say, “Just don’t ask.” Seeing this, Christa

questioned him no further on the matter. After that, Felmenia looked around

the room curiously.

“Her Imperial Highness Graziella does not seem to be present...”

“She had some business to take care of... and said that she would be

late,” replied Liliana.

“Is that so?”

“It’s fine if she doesn’t come,” spat Lefille.

As a princess, Graziella was likely quite busy now that she was back in

her own country, but that wasn’t at all why Lefille was so quick to write off

her absence. It seemed she was still harboring some lingering bitterness of

the incident the previous day. Any mention of Graziella’s name provoked a

strong response from her.

Putting the matter of Graziella aside, however, Reiji already seemed to

have an inkling as to what was going on.

“Hey, if Christa-san is here and Elliot isn’t, then...”

“Yeah, she already told us, but you should hear it from her.”

Urged on by Suimei, Christa began explaining with a gloomy

expression.

“It was about one week ago... Elliot-sama and I were on our way to

Astel as part of our mission. When we reached the westernmost town of

Kurant City, he received an invitation from Duke Hadorious through the

Church of Salvation.”

The first to react to hearing Hadorious’s name was Titania.

“The duke, you say?”

“Yes. To show his hospitality, he insisted that Elliot-sama visit his

mansion.”

Hearing that, the color drained from both Titania and Reiji’s faces.

They’d also been summoned by Hadorious while in Kurant City, so they

had some idea as to what that invitation really meant.

“On that day, I was terribly worn out. Elliot-sama was kindly

considerate of my condition and left me at the church to rest while he went

to visit the duke on his own. But... Elliot-sama never returned.”

“So you think something happened?”

“Yes. I asked the church what had become of him. They claimed that

while Elliot-sama went to the duke’s mansion, the duke was resting, so

Elliot-sama was never received.”

“Did you contact the Holy State about this?” asked Felmenia.

“I did contact them, but... Their reply was not favorable.”

“Not favorable? Even though he’s their hero?” asked Reiji.

“Duke Hadorious sends a fairly large donation to the Holy State every

year,” answered Titania. “There’s a possibility they may have been

complicit in whatever happened.”

“So he had a carte blanche? But why...”

Reiji groaned with a severe expression, which Christa mirrored

sympathetically.

“I do not understand what reason His Grace would have to restrain

Elliot-sama, and I am left without recourse...”

Christa wasn’t in a position to confront Hadorious directly. That was

probably the main issue. And as long as there was no evidence that any

harm had come to the hero, she couldn’t even accuse him of anything.

There was also the big question of what exactly Hadorious’s motives were.

As everyone else scratched their heads over the emerging mystery, Lefille

seemed to have an idea. She quietly raised her hand from where she was

sitting.

“May I say something?”

“Sure.”

“Very recently, we also had a strange encounter regarding the heroes.

Isn’t this probably related?”

“Regarding the heroes? Aah, you mean Universal Apostles?”

“Then Duke Hadorious is in league with the lot who attacked the hero in

the Alliance?”

“The possibility exists, but that’s about all we can say for now.”

Lefille, Suimei, and Reiji practically started having a conversation of

their own while Christa stared at them blankly. She couldn’t piece together

what they were talking about based on the fragments of information she

heard, so Liliana began explaining it to her.

“A little while ago... as I believe you might know, Christa-san... we went

to the Alliance. When we did... the hero of the Alliance... was attacked by...

a certain group. They call themselves... the Universal Apostles. We don’t

know the reason yet... but they tried to kidnap... the hero of the Alliance.”

“So that’s why you suspect Duke Hadorious may be a part of this

group?”

“At present, there’s no other group we know of trying to pick a fight

with the heroes besides the demons, after all,” replied Suimei. “The only

other thing that I can think of is that the entire nation of Astel is attempting

to do something, but that doesn’t seem quite right.”

Suimei offered his conjecture with a bitter expression, like he was

remembering something unpleasant. Hadorious had some personal motive

in mind, and there was that group that was trying to use the heroes for some

scheme. The possibilities were endless, but the probability that they were

related seemed high, given the timing. But surprisingly, the one to offer a