On that mountain of pale pink flesh, there were countless grotesque

eyes, small arms, and legs. This was Demon General Grallajearus, who was

neither humanoid nor bestial. It was just a lump of meat. That was the only

way to describe it. It was like a tumor that had swollen up without ever

being excised, and did nothing but continue to grow.

It was questionable to even conclude whether or not it was actually a

demon, or any other kind of living creature, for that matter. And as long as

the demon general stayed silent on the matter, there was no way of

knowing.

“Oh pebbles of Isa!”

As Grallajearus’s voice rang out, Reiji and Titania could hear the sound

of several objects piercing through the air as countless holes opened in

Grallajearus’s body. Miniscule scraps of iron shot out like gunfire,

propelled by a dark flash. In response to the attack, which they could barely

follow with their eyes, Reiji and Titania had no choice but to run and evade.

Faced with such a relentless attack, they didn’t even have an opening to

fight back.

“Shit, we can’t get closer like this...”

If they did, they would fall prey to the projectiles. But it was also

difficult for them to keep their distance. If they paused to try and look for an

opening, the moment they stopped, they would be overwhelmed by the

projectiles. Unable to advance and unable to withdraw, they were

completely in a bind.

It was unclear how they needed to fight this opponent. Despite its

sluggish appearance, there was no telling how agile it was, which only

disadvantaged them further. It felt as if they were fighting several machine

guns at once with an endless pool of ammunition. But since closing in

wasn’t an option, they would just have to do their best to attack at range.

“Oh Earth! I beseech the solid lands! Turn thy pulsations into a violent

tremor and gather below my feet! Exercise your authority, pierce through

the air before me and rupture evil with this unavoidable stone! Grand

Geyser!”

Reiji quickly chanted a spell of the earth attribute and unleashed his

keyword with no delay. When he did, countless giant pillars shot up from

the ground around Grallajearus and took aim at the lump of flesh. Reiji

didn’t take the time to properly aim all the pillars, but there were enough of

them covering a wide enough range that it didn’t matter. The pillars tapered

to a point and pierced Grallajearus. However...

“Did you really think this kind of haphazard attack would strike us

down, hero?!”

As an unpleasant shriek reverberated like shrill noise in the air,

Grallajearus’s fleshy body began bubbling and swelling, filling in the

damaged portions. By the time the pillars of earth wrought by Grand Geyser

vanished, Grallajearus’s body was right back to how it was before he’d been

wounded.

“So this guy can regenerate...?”

Reiji muttered as the impatience tingling his spine grew stronger. The

menace of something that could heal its wounds immediately stalled his

judgment. He couldn’t just carelessly swing at it, and any halfhearted

attacks would surely be useless. He bit down on his lip, realizing he was at

a loss for what to do. That was when Titania called out from behind him.

“Reiji-sama, I will take the front line for a moment. While the demon

general is focused on me, go around and attack him.”

“Got it.”

After accepting her suggestion, Reiji distanced himself from Titania.

Taking advantage of the fact that the demons were also steering clear of

Grallajearus’s attack, Reiji quickly began to circle around his target as

Titania resolutely cut forward. She moved left and right, as if toying with

her opponent, and Reiji felt like he was only seeing the optical illusion of

her blurry afterimage. It appeared that, even with its many eyes,

Grallajearus was also unable to keep up with her movements and shifted its

focus entirely to her.

Everything was going well.

Confirming that the plan was working, Reiji circled around to

Grallajearus’s rear. Cutting down the demons in his path, he swung wide

and ran up the cliff. He then spotted Titania retreating a great distance.

“HAAAAAAAAAH!”

Judging that the timing was right, Reiji channeled his fighting spirit into

a single slash. As his orichalcum blade thrusted towards Grallajearus from

behind, its oddly embedded eyes that had been focused on Titania suddenly

shifted all at once and turned their collective gaze on Reiji.

“Urgh!”

Even its little arms and legs, as if following the movement of its eyes,

began to squirm chaotically. And then the iron scraps shot out at him—the

pebbles of Isa. In an attempt to escape the blast radius of the buckshot, Reiji

twisted his body and threw himself to the floor in a roll. However, even the

direction he was rolling in was within the pebbles of Isa’s range.

“Ugh, oh Earth! Surround me and become a firm bulwark! Absolutely

none shall pass and threaten this life! Earth Wall Rising!”

Chanting a defensive spell, Reiji created a wall of earth with his mana as

he laid on the ground. The wall, which was supposed to be able to defend

him from any attack, fended off the first wave of the pebbles of Isa just as

he planned. However, like with a machine gun, the bullets just kept coming.

The wall of earth protected Reiji from the initial rounds, but the incessant

iron scraps began to wear away at it. At this rate, it would only hold for a

few more seconds. When Reiji realized that, he hurriedly stood back up to

run away.

“What a relentless attack...”

“Do not underestimate us, hero! Did you think we would fall for such an

infantile plan?!” Grallajearus angrily boomed at Reiji.

Reiji was left bewildered by their failed attack. Just how had

Grallajearus done that? It was supposed to be entirely focused on Titania.

He was certain all of its many eyes had been pointed towards her. It was as

if, somehow, its organs were operating independently from one another. As

if it were an existence made up of many beings.

“I see.”

That was probably it.

“You’re... a legion, aren’t you?”

“That’s right! We are an army of hundreds, and we are all one! We will

not be destroyed by such narrow-minded attacks by you damnable

humans!”

Grallajearus loudly shrieked in praise of its own being. At least it

explained the mysterious way it referred to itself as “us.” Its arms, legs,

eyes, and odd lumps of meat were all independent of each other. And when

it fired out the pebbles of Isa, it was a peerless opponent who was difficult

to approach.

This is bad...

A bitter taste began to spread in Reiji’s mouth. The fact that he was in a

challenging fight with a demon general was one thing, but the demon army

digging deeper into the encampment made it much worse. He couldn’t take

his sweet time with this one.

“Reiji-sama! For now, you should...”

“Ugh... Is this thing really too much of an opponent for me...?”

“Obviously. You will die in obscurity right here, you bastard. Die

regretting the fact that you made light of us demons!”

And at Grallajearus’s command, the demons in the area attacked. It

looked like they were planning to surround and overwhelm Reiji. And to

make matters worse, it was currently taking everything Reiji and Titania

had just to deal with Grallajearus alone. Graziella was busy protecting

Reanat with the other members of the Elite Twelve, so she wasn’t there to

support them. At this rate, defeat would be inevitable.

“Tch... Tia, what should we do?”

“It is vital that we withdraw from here for now. The only choice is to

break through the demons in the direction of our allies.”

“But if we do that, we’ll be leaving our backs open for the demon

general.”

“Yes. Therefore, I will serve as the rearguard. Reiji-sama, break out of

the encirclement as fast as you can and regroup with our allies.”

“I can’t do that! If I do, Tia, you’ll...!”

Unable to accept her plan, Reiji loudly refused Titania. However...

“It is alright. Reiji-sama, please believe in me.”

“Tia...”

Reiji couldn’t approve of using her as a shield and running away. But he

couldn’t think of any other means of getting out of this situation. As things

were, both of them were going to die. Titania was simply proposing to

shoulder that burden by herself. Reiji ground his teeth. Yet once again, he

felt powerless. He had to be protected by his companions. And just as he

was starting to think he might really have to accept this bitter dilemma...

“Oh Earth. I beseech the solid lands. Turn thy pulsations into a violent

tremor and threaten all from beneath. Exercise your authority and become

the foundation that supports all in existence. Pierce through the air, rupture

evil, become an unavoidable stone and break through. Grand Geyser

Refinement!”

A woman’s voice rang in the air, and Reiji heard keywords he never had

before. It was a spell far more powerful than the one he’d used earlier.

Immediately following the keywords, the earth below protruded outwards.

The spell Reiji had used created enormous sharpened pillars, but the magic

manifesting now looked more like porcupine needles as large swords

sprung diagonally from the ground.

The demons were shredded by the excessively dense cloud of blades,

bringing them to a bloody and miserable end. Before long, the effect of the

magic vanished, and the ground evened out to its original state. From the

settling dust, a single girl stepped over the pile of demon corpses that now

scattered the ground. It was none other than Io Kuzami.

“My goodness, do not look so tense when you are before me.”

“Io Kuzami-san...”

“Indeed, oh fiancé of mine. The fact that you had forgotten about me is

something I will later be questioning you about deeply, very deeply—

deeper than the Japan Trench. So stay put as you prepare yourself for that.”

As Io Kuzami thrust her index finger at him pointedly, she laid bare her

dissatisfaction. Despite the situation being what it was, she carried herself

in as carefree a manner as usual. However, in complete contrast to her

attitude, the demon encirclement was still roaring and raging. The path

she’d created to get to her allies had already filled back in.

“Io Kuzami-dono, please take care of Reiji-sama. I will take the rear and

—”

“Like I’ve been saying, do not decide that it is a disadvantageous

situation without me.”

“But at this rate...!”

As Titania persisted, Io Kuzami let out a grand sigh. It sounded like she

was tired of them worrying about pointless matters.

“What kind of misunderstanding are you fools under? You are not the

only ones fighting this battle. Do you really believe that you are the only

strong ones present?”

“Huh?”

Bewildered by Io Kuzami’s words, Reiji inadvertently let slip a gasp of

surprise. There were other strong people. So she said. But the only ones

capable of breaking through here were himself, Titania, Io Kuzami, and

Graziella. Reiji and Titania were hard-pressed, regardless of whether they

advanced or retreated. Graziella and the Elite Twelve had their hands full

with other matters. So the only one Titania could entrust protecting Reiji to

was Io Kuzami.

Was there somebody else that could break them out of their

predicament? While wondering about that, Reiji could suddenly feel a

tremendous agitation of mana from the imperial side. He could feel it in his

body and in the shaking earth. It felt just like the resonance one felt before a

tremendous power was unleashed. Reiji wondered if it might be Graziella’s

earth magic as an unnatural sound reverberated in the air despite there being

no walls for the sound to bounce off of. It was a woman’s voice.

“Mana Furnace Core. White Fire, Immediate Critical Load!”

Her severe yet gentle mellifluous voice activated a few keywords, and

immediately following that...

The agitated mana that had been shaking their surroundings swelled up

explosively. A wave of mana blew against them, followed by an intense

heat. It felt like the very sun had descended down towards the earth. Faced

with the mixture of a shockwave and hot wind, Reiji, the others, and even

the demons were completely forced to the ground.

And then, a cruel chill suddenly assaulted Reiji’s body. It was a similar

sensation to when he heard a scary story, or when he went to supposedly

haunted locations. A sensation that told him something bad was going to