replied to Reanat’s question with an apology, there was no humility in his

tone. He sounded as though he believed himself equal to all those he

addressed, including the prince. From his speech and behavior, Suimei

could tell that this old man was crafty. He was likely one of the officers of

the Empire—a mage of high social status. As Suimei scrutinized him,

Liliana whispered in his ear in a quiet voice.

“That man... is Gorgan Bartwood Goalt, one of the Empire’s... Elite

Twelve.”

“Which means...”

He was probably Liliana’s former superior. Since this was a battle that

potentially carried the Empire’s future on its shoulders, it was inevitable

that the Elite Twelve would show up. After Gorgan finished apologizing,

Reanat questioned him once more.

“So?”

“I have come here on this occasion to make a humble request of Your

Highness.”

“Oh? Have you? That is quite the unusual event.”

Reanat raised his eyelids like he was indeed surprised at this

proclamation, and then Gorgan’s gaze shifted to Suimei’s group.

“Is something the matter? Does this concern Hero-dono and his

companions?”

“I have heard that they will be taking part in the upcoming battle.”

“That is so, but what of it?”

“If I may speak plainly, I am dissatisfied.”

“Dissatisfied? You’re dissatisfied that a hero would fight among us?”

As Reanat turned a critical eye on him, Gorgan continued with an

expression like he was feigning ignorance.

“If it is something that has already been decided, then we have no

intention of objecting. However, there are those in his party who are

lacking, and as such, there are those in the Elite Twelve who cannot consent

to their participation.”

“It is not like they all will have the authority to give commands, and

they will not be giving any of you direct orders either. Despite all that, do

you still not consent?”

“It is not an issue of leadership potential, Your Highness.”

Gorgan promptly shot down Reanat’s assumption. Unable to clearly see

what the older man was getting at, Reanat narrowed his eyes. Figuring it out

first, Graziella snorted.

“Hmph. In short, it comes down to whether they are worthy enough to

stand alongside you lot.”

When she cut right to the heart of the matter, Gorgan nodded in reply.

The first to react to this was Titania.

“Old man, are you saying that you are dissatisfied with either myself or

the Hero of Salvation, Reiji-sama?”

That was beyond the limits of what Titania would stand for. In a

complete change from her usual elegant tone, she spoke severely with all

the privilege and authority of her high standing. The atmosphere in the tent

quickly tensed. But that was nothing compared to her fiery gaze that

implied she was ready to cut Gorgan down at any moment.

Things were getting heated enough that the staff officers and generals in

the tent were beginning to sweat a little. Titania was an expert

swordswoman known as the Twilight Beheading Princess. And it certainly

seemed like a befitting title with the way she looked right now. But even

under such intense pressure, Gorgan still appeared completely composed

and replied with an unchanging attitude.

“No, I do not doubt the abilities of the hero or Your Royal Highness

Titania, who is extolled as the Twilight Beheading Princess. I have no

complaints about either of you. However, regarding your companions... just

how many among them could be said to be adequate?”

Gorgan didn’t point out anybody specifically, but his comments were

likely directed at Suimei, Io Kuzami, and Liliana. He’d indirectly said so by

only mentioning Reiji and Titania in his list of exceptions. But such

obliqueness only disgusted Titania more. Despite this, it was Graziella who

spoke up next.

“Gorgan, I’ll have you know that the companions of the Hero of

Salvation and Her Royal Highness Titania are all people I personally

brought along. Knowing that, would you still say you’re dissatisfied?”

“With all due respect.”

“You damned geezer.”

After Graziella glared at the stubborn Gorgan for a while, she spat out an

insult. This time it was Graziella’s attendants and several of the generals

who were brimming with rage as the atmosphere in the tent grew tense.

Even if someone had a problem with what the royals were doing, it was

common courtesy and decorum to keep it to oneself. But the problem here

was a matter of influence. With someone of Gorgan’s status bringing a

problem before the war council—even if it was in regards to the hero’s

companions—it couldn’t simply be overlooked. A considerable amount of

displeasure would be born, and that would affect morale. It was an

unpleasant situation all around for those in charge. As long as the concern

was even remotely valid, it would need to be addressed or it might cast a

shadow over the entire battle.

As with Gorgan sticking to his guns, he was practically taking the

morale of the army hostage. Because he himself was an important figure in

the army as well, he couldn’t be punished outright without consequences on

morale either. Graziella may have done so anyway, but the current supreme

commander was Reanat.

In the building icy atmosphere, Gorgan once more spoke up.

“I have no concerns regarding Hero Reiji, Her Royal Highness Titania,

or the esteemed White Flame.”

“Then you mean you doubt the quality of everyone else?”

“Yes, Your Highness. The Elite Twelve is concerned about Liliana

Zandyke and the guests from another world.”

Lefille was not among those mentioned by Gorgan. Perhaps, just like

Reanat, he had not even recognized her in her current form. But hearing all

this, Io Kuzami narrowed her eyes like she’d just heard a very distasteful,

unfunny joke.

“Oh? Are you saying that you doubt my true strength? You’ve got quite

some nerve. It’s impressive prattle coming from a mere gathering of

withered branches pretending to be a tree.”

Hearing Io Kuzami’s arrogant manner of speaking, Gorgan’s eyebrows

arched furiously.

“Watch your mouth, little girl.”

“That’s my line. Are you not the one who should be watching your

mouth, bastard? Or have you grown so old and senile that you’ve forgotten

the importance of minding your words?”

Gorgan silently glared back at Io Kuzami’s harsh words. He likely

judged that any further argument would be fruitless. But, eventually

brushing her off, he turned to Liliana.

“I do believe that you already know of Liliana’s capabilities, don’t you,

bastard?”

“There are her previous achievements as part of the Elite Twelve and her

role in resolving the incident in the capital to consider, but in the end, she is

still lacking. The Elite Twelve would also call her nature into question.”

“So you cannot put your trust into one who is lacking?”

“It is not just us of the Elite Twelve; I believe each of the generals and

soldiers must also think so. I do believe her reputation was influenced quite

favorably by the incident in the capitol, but there are also those of us who

have lingering questions.”

So he said, but Liliana didn’t seem to have any intention of making a

careless remark. She simply kept quiet and listened. And as Gorgan’s

complaints about Liliana came to an end, his sunken eyes then shifted over

to Suimei.

“And then there’s me.”

Gorgan didn’t seem to have much in particular to say. He simply gave a

grave nod.

“And so, Gorgan, what is it that you wish to do?” asked Reanat.

“I would like you to let us test these three people.”

“By test... you mean...?”

Gorgan looked up at the prince shamelessly.

“Let’s see... How about we have matches between them and three

members of the Elite Twelve?”

“I understand your request, however, I do not understand what all of you

have to gain from this. Surely you must know that even if you refuse to

recognize their capabilities, I will not be withdrawing them from the battle.

Our enemies are demons. Each and every single human ally present is a

boon to our cause.”

“Of course we will accept Your Highness’s will to include them in the

battle. However, we still believe it necessary to test them.”

“In other words, you wish to demonstrate the Elite Twelve’s dignity. Is

that it?”

Reanat at last came to an understanding of Gorgan’s intentions. It wasn’t

something as honorable as having the outsiders demonstrate their abilities

to dispel any doubt about them on the battlefield. No, that could have been

the case, but based on the implication of the conversation, Gorgan intended

to use these matches to demonstrate the authority of the Elite Twelve. It

would be bad to try and make an example out of the hero, but his

companions were a different story. Defeating any one of them would be

another notch in the belt of the Elite Twelve.

It was perfectly transparent that they were expecting to use the

brightness of the star known as the hero to make their own shine brighter.

But as the conversation moved towards whether this was actually going to

happen or not, and Suimei let out a perturbed sigh.

“What a pain in the ass.”

He spat out his honest opinion without any attempt to hide his

annoyance at this gross inconvenience. But this was all old news to Suimei.

There were people like this even in the world he was from. And it wasn’t

even limited to magicians. People with great powers often became arrogant

and high on themselves. They challenged anyone who would tread on their

glory, and forced fights to firmly establish their self-perceived hierarchy. It

was so uncivilized that the Thousand Nights Association served as a

mediator in such conflicts, but there was no authority like that here.

Gorgan seemed to take Suimei’s idle complaint as arrogance and turned

his glare on him accordingly. However, after having competed with so

many magicians before, Suimei was already accustomed to handling such

tension and bided his time without further rocking the boat. Fully intent on

making his stance perfectly clear, Gorgan snorted derisively and looked

away.

When he did, Suimei casually got a good look at the guy. Just based on

looks, he was an old man with a large build. He wore a moss green robe and

appeared to be an experienced mage. And not just with Elemental magic.

He’d stuck his hands recklessly in all sorts of mysteries. The evidence

showed all over his body, which couldn’t bear the burden of his rash

experimenting.

His eyes were clouded, and the tips of his fingers looked withered and

yellowed like dying plants. It was easy to guess his insides hadn’t faired

much better. In contrast to his robust appearance, his body was tattered

from overuse. But the glimpse of uncommon ferociousness Suimei caught

within all that was a sign of his tenaciousness as a man who pursued the

mysteries. The greedy light he could see in the old man’s eyes was an

insatiable hunger for them.

It wasn’t like Suimei couldn’t sympathize with that, but seeing the state

his body was in, he thought Io Kuzami’s assessment was quite right. He did

indeed give the impression of a bundle of withered branches pretending to

be a tree.

As for Io Kuzami, she was the first to grant Gorgan’s wish for a match.

“I do not mind. I shall destroy and scatter those who would make light

of me. Isn’t it a wonderful idea? The Japanese adore such showdowns.”

“I also... do not mind.”

Liliana agreed as well. She was not timid in the least about it, either.

Perhaps this newfound confidence came from the mysteries she herself had

touched upon. And the last to reply in a rather languid manner, of course,

was Suimei.

“Whatever. I’ll do it.”

With the other two agreeing, he’d lost his chance to back out. While

lamenting the fact that he kept getting caught in the flow of things recently,

Suimei let out a resigned sigh.

★

Right after Reanat acknowledged Gorgan’s request, the war council in

the large tent came to an end. As for the matches that had been decided on,

things were scheduled to get started immediately after the preparations were