stopping him. But before she could, Jillbert thrust out her halberd to stop

her.

“Let him do it. Everyone feels like they got to do it themselves once in a

while.”

“What are you...?”

“It’s a ritual. For a man to become a warrior, right? You’re also one of

those types, aren’t you?”

Saying that, Jillbert winked and smiled at Titania. It was true that one

had to stand firm to become a warrior, so Titania was unable to say

anything back. As Reiji stepped forward on his path to becoming a man,

Grallajearus started making an uproar.

“You’ll defeat us all on your own, you say? It was already proven that

your pitiful power is not enough to defeat us! Are you touched in the

head?!”

“I haven’t gone crazy or anything. It’s just because... this is what I must

do. So I will do it.”

“Don’t get carried away, you damn brat! Have you mistaken the power

given to you by the goddess as your own strength?!”

“I know full well that this is a temporary power that I was given. That’s

why... That’s exactly why! I need to surpass my limits!”

“Are you saying we’re your damn stepping stone or something?!”

“That’s right! I will defeat you and step over that boundary!”

With a roar, Reiji advanced towards Grallajearus. As he screamed, he

dashed forward for the sake of surpassing that wall. As he drew closer, the

pebbles of Isa were fired out in a flash. And Reiji began evading them as he

circled around Grallajearus.

“After howling so vigorously, is all you can do evade, HEROOOOO?!”

“Ugh...”

A pebble of Isa grazed Reiji’s face and left a cut on his cheek. He

stepped forward with conviction, but as if he was being toyed with, it took

all his effort just to keep moving. He couldn’t spot any opening in which to

attack, let alone to attain victory. No, that kind of thing never existed in the

first place. With just the fact that he had rushed into a hard fight, any hope

of victory had been wiped out.

But even so, Reiji had to climb that wall. Even if it was reckless, even if

it was foolish. He was pushed back by Rajas, Elliot took it easy on him, he

was completely subdued by Ilzarl... Even here and now, he was completely

outclassed. He couldn’t just resign himself to being such a half-baked hero

from here on out.

That was because he had companions he could rely on. Even now, they

were behind him, calling out to him in concern. Let’s cooperate and defeat

it. Don’t be reckless. All he heard were kind voices.

He was always being saved like that by someone. But was that really

what a hero was? Was it really okay for him to call himself a hero like that?

Without saving anyone, while only being saved himself? Only to be placed

on a pedestal and carried above others like a buffoon?

He could not accept that. Ever. Being a flashy showpiece and nothing

more held no meaning. There was no way he could accept such deception.

“I won’t lose!”

“For the sake of the Goddess?! Or perhaps for the sake of the people?!”

“Wrong! It has nothing to do with heroes, goddesses, or the people of

this world! It’s all for myself!”

That was why. That was exactly why. The time to take a great stride was

now. Up until now, he remained the same and took advantage of the good

will of his companions. But it was time to separate himself from that

dependence.

Even if he couldn’t fly, as long as he never took the leap on his own, he

would never learn it for himself. That was why he had to step forward now.

That was why—

“I will... I will become stronger! I want to become stronger!”

His thoughts, his desires, he yelled them all at himself, and just at that

time...

If you desire it, then request it and call out.

“Huh...?”

The final gate that connects to a great power at all times exists within

you.

“Wh-Who...”

As a robotic pronouncement suddenly resounded in his head, Reiji

unexpectedly raised his voice to question it. And when he realized this, he

was standing all alone in the middle of a mud-like darkness.

“Wh-What? Where? Wh-Why...?”

As a baffling situation presented itself around him, Reiji was seized by

surprise. He was definitely in the military encampment of the imperial

army, and was right in front of Grallajearus. And in spite of that, he couldn’t

see those things anywhere. They were nowhere to be found. Everywhere he

looked, there was only darkness, and something which looked like a light

far in the distance.

However, all of that was gone in a flash. That was because the small

light in the depths of the darkness became bluer and bluer...

“Ah...”

As if entranced by the distant sparkling blue light, an enraptured voice

came out of his mouth without him realizing. His mind was the same as that

enraptured voice, simply dumbfounded. That passion with which he was

denying himself as he yelled was wiped away, and all that remained was

that blue light.

He had seen that light before. It was none other than the light given off

by the gem installed in the Sacrament.

And in that instant, he suddenly understood. That light was something

that he had to head towards no matter what. Beyond that light, the answer to

everything was awaiting him.

That’s why he broke into a run. He ran and ran, with all his strength to

grasp that blue light.

And immediately, words appeared in his head. A voice with no voice,

and that was...

By my Lapis’s blue brilliance, crystallize the sword spirit.

And as those words repeated, the blue light grew stronger. And as that

light spread, it gathered in his hand—but before he could hear the last

words, the dazzling light vanished.

When he came to, that tunnel of darkness and the blue light were no

longer there, and the scenery returned to that of the imperial military

encampment. And before his eyes, Grallajearus was sneering.

“Hmph. Just as I was wondering what you were doing, all that did was

give off a bit of light.”

“...”

If it was as it said, Reiji was likely giving off a blue light just now. In his

right hand, he was suddenly gripping the Ishar Cluster. He had

unconsciously grabbed it, or perhaps the blue light he was grasping was, in

fact, the Sacrament itself.

As the Sacrament continued to give off a pale light, it was like he was

staring at the trailing memory of that blue light. If it was just as Grallajearus

said, all it did was give off light. He was probably just standing there as a

blue light overflowed from his hand. As proof of that, unlike the time he

fought Ilzarl, the Sacrament didn’t turn into a weapon. Because he couldn’t

hear those last words to manifest the weapon, this was only a natural

deduction.

However, even so, he was still able to grasp that blue light. He could see

the path. He could see the door. He could hear the mysteries of that blue

light, the voice with no voice. Therefore, the amount of power he grasped—

it wasn’t zero.

“Wha—?!”

Grasping his orichalcum sword once more, he moved with the same

speed which overwhelmed Ilzarl, and he could hear a chorus of shock in

front of him. It was likely that it looked like he had vanished before its

many eyes.

This demon general wasn’t stronger than Ilzarl. In every respect, it was

inferior. It was remarkably inferior. If Reiji was going to lose against such

an opponent, his suffering from this point would be unfathomable. That was

why—

The number of times he could deceive its eyes was only this once.

Winning against an enemy like this from straight on was truly a victory

suitable of praise.

“...”

One step. With one step, in complete silence, he swung his orichalcum

sword. Repelling the pebbles, which flew like bullets. Trampling the earth

under his feet. With that tenacious single step, his boot sank into the

ground, and the ground around his boot swelled up like goosebumps.

“...”

As he drew close, Grallajearus’s voice couldn’t be heard. He could no

longer hear anything. It was raising an uproar, but Reiji no longer perceived

it as sound. Its words of disbelief and protest didn’t even reach his ears. His

blood had run cold from being pushed back by this opponent only a

moment ago, but now Reiji understood the ultimate reality. However, there

was not a particle of happiness in him. He did not step forward in order to

gain a sense of superiority.

The demon general was only a few more steps away. It was in range, if

he thrust out his sword. At that distance, the demon general abandoned hope

and poorly fired out the pebbles of Isa in desperation. But it was too slow.

Before they were even fired, Reiji could see through all of it, and the march

to victory was determined before it even began. As he drew closer with his

sword at the ready, Grallajearus screamed.

“We are legion! Know that an attack from a sword is meaningless before

us!”

He could hear angry voices. No, there was a small of amount of bluffing

mixed in. Having fallen into an inferior position, it relied on bravado to

cheer itself on. Like it had declared, the fact that it was an army was a

nuisance. However.

“Is that so?”

“What?”

“Even if you are a legion, the fact that you share a single consciousness

means that there must be some sort of source which houses that

consciousness. If there wasn’t, you would just be a disconnected mess of

chaos. Isn’t that right?”

As the truth was revealed before it, Grallajearus’s voice became filled

with panic.

“Wh-Why do you... Why do you know that?!”

“Light...”

“What?”

“That blue light told me.”

What gave him that idea was the blue light. When he touched that blue

light, the voice with no voice whispered it to him. ‘That is definitely an

opponent you can defeat...’

And so, as Reiji unerringly swung downwards, he slashed apart the

small vital core deep within Grallajearus.

★

Around the same time that Reiji and Titania’s fight against Grallajearus

and Lefille’s fight with Latora started...

After distancing himself from the main encampment, Suimei was

clashing with demons about halfway to Lefille’s position.

“O flammae, legito. Pro venefici doloris clamore.”

[Oh flames, assemble. Like the cry of the magician’s resentment.]

Following his chant, Suimei unleashed Ashurbanipal’s flame upon the

swarm of incoming demons. Based on a curse from Assyrian legend, it was

fire magicka that was remarkably efficient against living creatures. At the

start of the chant, it formed several small magicka circles at odd intervals in

the air. And as the chant progressed, a sphere of fire formed in the center of

them all. It burned like it had a shining stone at its core, and was obviously

no normal fire. Dense flames then shot out of the smaller magicka circles to

incinerate their targets. A conflagration danced its way through the crowd of

demons. The demons caught in it were denied the chance to even scream

before they crumbled to the ground as ash.

So even if he was outnumbered, Suimei clearly wasn’t hurting for

firepower. Yet nevertheless, the demons didn’t falter in their charge towards

him. It was like they were machines that knew nothing of adaptability,

devoted to one single pre-programmed command.

Suimei was currently moving against the demon army on his own. His

plan was more or less “search and destroy.” A few days had passed since the

test matches at the encampment, and after the imperial army had established

its foothold in this battle, Reiji’s companions were finally allowed to join

the fight. In a private conversation with Reanat, Suimei had asked if there

were demons traveling along any paths that weren’t booby trapped. Reanat