world, and he found himself in something of a predicament he’d never

experienced before.

That predicament wasn’t that he was falling behind in the fight, but

rather that he was panicking and at a complete loss as to how to proceed.

The fight wasn’t over yet. Winner and loser had yet to be decided, but it

was plain to see Baaldan was being driven up against the wall. Mentally, if

nothing else.

It wouldn’t be inaccurate to say that Baaldan had bought his position in

the Elite Twelve. But even so, he had the conceit and magic talent to stand

up to most of the other members. He wasn’t totally unworthy of the title.

He’d been born of a noble house, graduated from the Magic Institute, and

even proven himself on the battlefield in a war against a southern nation.

He had a considerable résumé, and his upbringing was nothing to sneeze at.

Moreover, Baaldan had a magic technique that only he could use. It

inflated his ego considerably, but he hardly considered that an issue. Not

with his power.

The power of chained magic. Using peculiar patterns and intonation, he

could chant spells incessantly without even a pause for breath between

them. It was a unique technique that allowed him to use powerful spells in

quick succession. It was the crowning jewel of his power. His trump card.

With it, he’d won numerous battles. Be it against soldiers, monsters, or

stray demons, he was always victorious. But today, here in the encampment

arena, he was unmistakably being led by the nose.

Ridiculous! Ridiculous! Ridiculous! How can this be?!

And the one doing the leading was a commoner who’d been summoned

alongside the hero of Astel. His face was plain and there was nothing

particularly remarkable about him. By all appearances, he was a completely

average, commonplace boy. If someone had to pick out an example of

riffraff off the streets, they would undoubtedly point to him. He was the

very embodiment of mediocrity.

“I shall show my cohorts who put on such unsightly displays how a man

of noble blood fights!” Baaldan had declared to Gorgan before the fight.

And then, upon seeing his opponent...

“My opponent is clearly a mere country bumpkin! How unsavory! It is

unacceptable that I should have to fight such a scruffy-looking fellow! Can

you even use magic? Do you even understand what magic is in the first

place?”

And to that, his opponent had replied...

“Just because you have magic doesn’t mean you understand it. Only

when you are endowed with knowledge are you truly able to use magic.

Then comes understanding, no?”

From what Baaldan had heard, the world the hero came from was

completely devoid of magic. That meant the hero and his companions had

only learned of it after coming here, and it had scant been half a year since

they were summoned. Such green youngsters couldn’t possibly put up a

fight against someone who’d studied magic for decades. Or at least, that’s

what he’d thought.

But when he opened the cover and got a closer look, it was a different

story. This commoner was using completely bizarre magics to fend off

Baaldan’s attacks. It wouldn’t have been all that intimidating coming from a

desperate opponent fighting on his last legs. Baaldan wouldn’t have felt up

against a wall if that were the case here. But this boy wasn’t fighting. No,

he was acting like he was merely playing with a child. He even had the

audacity to hum between incantations. And no matter how serious Baaldan

got, he couldn’t make any headway. The boy just kept humming.

Of course, the audience was having their own reaction to this. Shock and

awe wormed their way through the noisy crowd. Not because a member of

the Elite Twelve was being dominated, but because the commoner was

fighting with magic in ways they’d never seen before. It was like he’d

found a magical blind spot and was comfortably sitting there as he casually

poked and prodded his opponent. Everyone watched the one-sided fight

unfold in wonderment and surprise, including Gorgan Bartwood Goalt.

For example, if Baaldan used fire magic, the boy would use wind magic

—which should have fanned the flames, but instead blew them out. If

Baaldan used water magic, rather than using the tried and true tactic of

conjuring earth magic to make a well and divert it, he summoned plants

with wood magic to absorb it. Even when Baaldan used multiple spells

chained together with his signature technique, the boy would counteract

each and every one. Baaldan hadn’t even come close to laying a finger on

him.

This increasingly irritated him, and he quickly moved to fire yet another

spell at the boy. But the moment he thought for sure it would connect, it lost

its power and vanished.

“Wha—?!”

It was just like when Aerith Melfein had fired magic at the ghostly dog

Liliana Zandyke had summoned. And the commoner was just laughing at

this development. Baaldan couldn’t tell if it was out of scorn, mockery, or

simply delight. He had no idea what the boy was thinking, but perhaps that

wasn’t important. The remarkable thing here was that he even had the

composure and leisure to be laughing in the middle of a fight in the first

place.

“Making fun of me...!”

That laughter fanned the indignant flames of Baaldan’s anger to an

apoplectic extreme. He looked like he might just die of a stroke on the spot.

And his little fit didn’t help him any, considering the circumstances. Even

when he fired off two or three more spells in rapid succession, every single

one of them was deflected just like all his others had been.

It was something that happened quite frequently in gambling. When a

gambler was constantly one-upped by the house or an opposing player, they

often grew desperate. That desperation would cost them their ability to

make clear decisions, and ultimately the game. And the more one lost, the

greater the sense of desperation became. It was a vicious cycle. One that

was very difficult to get out of once you slipped into it. And that was

exactly how this fight was going for Baaldan.

“Now then, it’s about time that I make my move, huh? Here we go... Oh

Wind. Heed my will and butcher my enemy. Strike Wind.”

As the commoner threw down the gauntlet, he incanted a wind spell.

The gust of wind he fired from his hands was simple and low level, but had

considerable destructive force to it. For a member of the Elite Twelve like

Baaldan, dealing with it would be nothing... but it was annoying. It had

enough power behind it that he actually needed to defend against it, which

only irritated him more.

“Oh Earth! Surround me and become a firm bulwark! Absolutely none

shall pass and threaten this life! Earth Wall Rising!”

The ground rose up around Baaldan and hardened, forming a sturdy

earthen wall that the boy’s wind magic crashed into and dispersed across.

“Did you think that kind of petty magic would work? You damnable

fool!”

“No, one probably won’t— Oh Wind. Heed my will and butcher my

enemy × 7. Strike Wind Sevenfold.”

“Wha—?!”

After the commoner’s complete joke of a chant, seven instances of his

Strike Wind magic manifested. With seven times the mana now assaulting

Baaldan’s earthen barrier, it shook before crumbling completely.

“No way... For such a low level wind spell to break my bulwark...”

It was impossible. After being led around by the nose all this time, he

now had to put up with this kind of magic. It was no wonder Baaldan was

furious.

“Th-Then how about this?! Oh Fire! Blossom, burn, and billow even

more majestically! Become the very avatar of conflagration! Grand Flame!”

“As for me... Oh Scarlet. With your mix of jet and vermillion, plunder

the color of red from all eyes. A flame with no color has no right to call

itself a flame. Little Red Thief.”

Baaldan unleashed a spell that created an enormous fireball, and the boy

incanted a fire spell of his own in response. But as far as Baaldan could tell,

all he’d done was conjure a red marble. No, several of them. They were

appearing all over the arena. It looked like he was planning on trumping

quality with quantity. Yet Baaldan’s fireball was only growing bigger.

When it came into contact with the marbles, it consumed them. A chain

of magic explosions was set off, and all of it was swallowed by Baaldan’s

fireball. It swelled so large and so red that Baaldan thought he was seeing

things. It looked like his fireball was disappearing.

And that was exactly what happened. When the red light faded, both

Baaldan’s fireball and all the red marbles were gone. It seemed that with so

much magic fire in one place, it burned so intensely that it smothered itself.

“You and your underhanded techniques!”

“Isn’t it amusing? Red is the essence of fire. Its color is unaffected by

temperature. So the redder mystical fire is, the higher quality—and thus

more powerful—it is. Conversely, when it loses color, it also loses power.”

“Losing its power because it loses color?! Stop spouting nonsense!

Magic does not lose the divine power granted to it by the Elements for such

a stupid reason!”

“Wow, so that’s right over your head, huh? You really don’t understand

anything.”

“Tch, if fire magic won’t work, then I’ll just use a different magic to—”

“Nope. Unfortunately it’s about time you run out of steam.”

“What?”

“Let’s take a time out here.”

The commoner then exaggeratedly shrugged and stood there

defenselessly as he started repeating nonsensical words. Rolling his

shoulders and craning his neck, he looked like he was stretching to relax.

All in the middle of battle, no less.

“Are you stupid? Doing that during a match...”

Despite Baaldan’s warning, the boy didn’t looked like he cared or was

even listening. His blatant disrespect relit Baaldan’s anger anew, and he set

straight to using a spell to show his dissatisfaction.

“Oh Lightning! Light— L-Lightning...”

Yet for some reason, the chant just wouldn’t leave his mouth.

“Ligh.... Li...”

With that last syllable, his throat dried and tightened. He broke out into a

cold sweat all over, and his heart began palpitating furiously. He couldn’t

chant anymore, much less speak. He couldn’t talk at all. It was like his body

was telling him no.

“Hahh, hahh...”

Completely out of breath, Baaldan looked over at the commoner. He

looked bored and disappointed, like he’d known this was going to happen.

Like he was looking down on Baaldan for not knowing better. He then

looked at Baaldan like a scholar observing a research subject.

“My goodness, I’ve heard the theory, but this is honestly the first time

I’ve seen it happen for myself.”

“What... are you...?

“Listen, it’d be best for you to stop unreasonably using magic chained

together like that. It seems you can do that because you have a larger

capacity than most people, but it’s not like you have a radiator or a water

pump or anything. The only end result is overheating like that.”

“L-Like I said, stop spouting nonsense!”

“Seriously... If you’re a mage, get a freaking clue.”

With that, the commoner completely shut Baaldan down. This was

impossible. For him to be so disgracefully humiliated by a commoner... It

was impossible.

“I am a noble! I’m special! There’s no way something like that can

happen... Bastard, you must have used another underhanded technique to...”

As Baaldan rebuked the boy for foul play, he let out a grand sigh. But

then, as if he’d just thought of something amusing, he cracked a smile and

began laughing. It was a dark, ominous smile and a deep, sinister laugh.

“Heh heh heh, what are you talking about? No, if I’ve been caught, then

there’s no denying it now, is there?”

“Bastard, as I thought... Come clean!”

Just what had he done? Baaldan beheld him with a judgmental stare.

And as he awaited his answer, the commoner smugly rubbed his chin.

“See over there?”

The boy thrust his arm out as he snapped his fingers. Baaldan followed

it with his eyes, but beyond where the boy was pointing...

★

“What’s over—”

The imperial noble Baaldan Dostolf Zegent’s voice hung in the

otherwise quiet air. Suimei had pointed to something with a snap of his

fingers and Baaldan had instinctively looked. But, naturally, it was just the

two of them in the arena. Nothing more, nothing less.

“There’s nothing th— Ah! No, it can’t be!”