ever insult.

When that set in for Striga, the flames of his irritation reached new

heights. These fools were making fun of demons. They were making fun of

him. And they weren’t done yet. The man in black was about to pour even

more oil on the fire.

“They’re really just annoying, huh?”

That was it. That was all Striga could handle. The billowing flames of

his irritation consumed him, burning into rage. These humans couldn’t live.

That couldn’t be allowed.

“You bastards, don’t go thinking that you’ll have quick deaths...”

Striga spat those words, pronouncing death and pain upon the two men.

He then raised his arm to the sky. Once he swung it down, his kin would fly

into action. With a single gesture, these humans would be swarmed by his

kin and completely drained of their blood.

No, that was too halfhearted. He wanted to leave them right on the very

brink of death and torment them. That was the punishment to be bestowed

on those who made light of demons. All of Striga’s anger over Lishbaum

had vanished. It was transferred over to these two. He swung his arm down

to herald their end, but...

“What—?”

Striga unintentionally let out a gasp at the completely unforeseen

development unfolding before his very eyes. After swinging down his arm,

his kin should have consumed the two humans in a black swarming cloud.

But completely contrary to his expectations, and without any apparent

cause, it was his kin that vanished.

What just happened?

While Striga was astonished, the two men began talking.

“You sure defeated them easily.”

“Seriously. I was hoping to get to chew them down a little, but... Against

such pests, my desires will go unfulfilled, I see.”

Their attitudes remained unchanged, and they spoke to each other like

they were merely gossiping. They seemed to know what had happened.

“Bastards, just what did you...?”

“Just what you saw. It was nothing. Just what you saw.”

With those words, the man in black put on a bold smile. He was

repeating that same phrase—“just what you saw”—like it was something

meaningful. Just what was he saying? Striga couldn’t deduce what those

words implied, but...

“Wh-Who the hell are you bastards?! Aren’t you just two soldiers that

got left behind?!”

As Striga screamed out his doubts, the man in white knit his brow in a

dubious manner.

“What? That big one seems to be quite under the wrong impression.”

“We’re just hanging out here, dude. Waiting for a demon general to

show up. But... Hey, when is he gonna show up, anyway? Is one even

coming?”

“Who knows? Maybe they won’t come after all. This world is nothing

but events that defy all prediction, you know.”

And so the two carried on with their little exchange. It really and truly

sounded like they felt they were in no danger whatsoever. Surely they were

only talking like that because they didn’t know Striga was a demon general.

“These lowly humans... To make such a fool of me...”

His burning rage grew to fireball proportions. Letting out a roar like he

was venting his anger, he unleashed his bloodlust. Even his remaining

trembled as he began changing. Baring his fangs and spreading his wings

wide, his face turned pale. The man in black seemed to see something in

this transformation.

“Huh? Wai— Ain’t this guy a vampire?!”

Indeed, he suddenly began panicking when Striga’s true nature was

revealed. Recognizing his honorable bloodline, he finally felt the fear that

he should have from the very beginning.

“BWAHAHAHAHA! It’s too late for you now!”

“Ugh... This kinda sucks...”

The man in black began muttering with a bitter expression as he took a

stance. But as Striga said, it was far too late. Transforming his dark power

into a wave of bats resembling his kin, he let loose enough of them to cover

one’s entire field of vision.

“First will be you! NOW DIE!”

A pronouncement of execution. He fired off his Bat Tide. The man in

black’s mana became highly excited, but the pseudo-kin created by Striga’s

dark power crushed it. Or rather, Striga thought they would.

A snapping sound rang through the azure sky and blew away the Bat

Tide with a shockwave. Then there was another snap, and Striga was blown

backward.

“Hmm?”

“G-Guh... What the...”

The attack was completely unexpected, and Striga ate it full-force. But

just what was it...? It was a completely incomprehensible attack that threw

him for quite a loop. Meanwhile, the man in black simply looked like he’d

snapped his fingers. But even he appeared befuddled.

“Huh? Why are you getting damaged by strike magicka? What? You’re a

vampire, right? Or not? Huh? What the...”

Babbling in a bewildered voice, the man in black looked left and right.

Just what did he find so mysterious? Just what was he so concerned about?

Was he expecting something more chaotic? The man in white then turned

towards him.

“What of it? It’s certainly true that the one there has more power

compared to the other ones, but... Its only striking feature is its ability to

suck blood, you know?”

“Really? Just sucking blood? They’re not like... immortal or the

ancestors of a forsaken race or anything?”

“I’ve never heard of such things. And regardless, those wouldn’t be

demons, would they?”

“HAH?”

The man in black practically shrieked in confusion. The man in white

also looked at him with a curious expression.

“Just what did you think they were?”

“Hang on, hang on, hang on! I mean... You know?! In our world,

vampires are beings of the highest echelon. They’ve lived since ancient

times, and are monsters that take several battalion-scaled groups of human

heroes and magicians to take down, so, yeah... you know...”

The man in black appeared to be under some incomprehensible

misunderstanding, and the man in white shook his head. Seeing this, the

man in black stood there perfectly still with his mouth hanging open.

Eventually, completely ignoring Striga’s own surprise, the man in black’s

bewilderment turned into irrational anger. It was only then that he turned to

Striga.

“What the hell?! You’re just a fucking knockoff! Don’t fucking scare me

like that! I wasted my damn shock moment! Ugh, is that what this is?!

You’re just putting on a fake show like that Vuishta asshole?!”

The man in black seemed to be angry over his misunderstanding, but

what really caught Striga’s attention was the name he mentioned.

“Bastard! You know Vuishta?!”

“Know him? I beat the crap outta him a while ago!”

“Wh-What did you just say?! You defeated my fellow demon general?!”

As Striga demanded an explanation, the man in black once more made a

dumbfounded expression.

“...Huh?”

“Wh-What is it?”

The man in black went from looking dumbfounded to just plain blank.

“You’re a demon general?”

He asked that simple question like he hadn’t expected it at all. It was

almost like he’d been looking for something, and was disappointed to find it

had been staring him in the face all along. And as the flummoxed man in

black continued to stare at Striga, the man in white began laughing.

“See? It’s just as I said. I told you a demon general would come if we

waited here.”

“No, no, no! Wipe that triumphant smirk off your face! What’s with this

timing? Ain’t it strange?”

As the man in black criticized him, the man in white only continued to

cackle with laughter. Despite the fact that their enemy was right before

them, they were acting like they couldn’t even see him, which lit Striga’s

rage anew.

I’ll kill them. I’ll put everything I have into killing them.

Making that resolution in his heart, Striga flew up into the skies where

he reigned supreme.

“You bastard humans cannot take to the skies! From here, you won’t

even be able to—”

He was going to say that they couldn’t reach him. But even having that

demonstrated, both men on the ground looked unfazed.

★

A cool, refreshing autumn breeze blew through the crystal clear sky

overhead. And the reason he felt pity as he looked up at the demon flying

there was likely because he was a magician of the Society. Or perhaps it

was because he’d inherited his father’s wish and was walking down the path

to save those who couldn’t be saved.

That’s right. Magician Yakagi Suimei watched Demon General Striga fly

up into the sky and was suddenly overcome by pity. He let out a soft sigh

accordingly.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing. I just felt bad getting rid of it, you know. From the way it

talks, it’s totally a proud villain, but in the end, all those things called

demons are puppets moved around to fulfill the Evil God’s motives, right?

Whether or not they have self-awareness— No, precisely because they have

self-awareness, I feel bad getting rid of it. Those guys don’t have any free

will after all.”

While still looking up, Suimei expressed his thoughts in a somewhat

doleful tone. If every single demon was a pawn in the hand of the Evil God

on the chessboard of the world, then their desire to destroy humanity wasn’t

really theirs. It was just something imprinted in them.

So he couldn’t help but see them as pitiful. From their appearance to

their thoughts, they were all just designed according to the whims of the

Evil God. And since it was impossible to change the way they thought, the

only choice left was to put them out of their misery. It wasn’t a good

feeling.

Just how were they any different from puppets and dolls? If he thought

of dolls as pitiful, then his associate who really was a doll might curse him

for life... But in this case, there was no way to save them. That inspired a

sense of helplessness in Suimei. Perhaps because his complex mental state

showed on his face, the dragonnewt next to him spoke with cynicism

through his laughter.

“Is that something you should say after making such a fool of him?”

“Well, it’s still an enemy. Provoking them basically just comes

automatically. This time... How do I put it? I’m spinning my own wheels...”

When he caught a glimpse of someone who couldn’t be saved like he

had just now, regardless of whether it was friend or foe, such feelings would

suddenly swell up inside him. Because maybe, just maybe, this was also

someone that he needed to save.

“What you are trying to say? Well, I do understand... However, what we

must do hasn’t changed, you know?”

“...”

“Are you hesitating?”

“It’s a habit. Whenever I see someone who can’t be saved like this,

somehow...”

“In that case, you should instantly put them at peace. In this world,

without exception, there are—”

“Stop. Don’t say another word. If you do, I won’t be able to kill that

guy.”

Suimei interrupted Eanru. He couldn’t let him finish. Yes, without

exception, there are those who couldn’t be saved. But if Suimei heard that

now, he would no longer be able to raise his hand. The moment he did, he

would be putting out his own dreams. But as he warned Eanru, for some

reason, the dragonnewt began laughing. He really was just bursting at the

seams with joy.

“How green. You’re so green that it hardly suits the strength you hold.”

“I’m just one among a gathering of people like that. It’s exactly because

I’m like this that I became strong.”

As he put that into words, Eanru’s smile turned bold. Just what was he

enjoying so much? Suimei wasn’t sure what had him in such high spirits,

but Eanru suddenly stopped laughing.