As for Suimei’s group, who hadn’t been there to see it in person, they

were all only half convinced. It wasn’t that they didn’t believe their friends;

it just didn’t seem real. But such skepticism was only natural. After all,

seeing is believing—and all they could see right now was the mostly

unremarkable pin-like accessory in Reiji’s hand. It just didn’t add up with

what they were hearing.

“Suimei-dono?” Felmenia suddenly asked, peering at Suimei.

“I see, this is...” Suimei replied a beat late in a suspect tone.

While everyone else was talking, he was simply staring at the relic. He

seemed to be absorbed in thought rather than the conversation.

“You may not believe us,” said Titania, “but everything we’ve said is the

truth. After Reiji-sama turned it into a weapon, the demon general who’d

driven me into a corner was easily overwhelmed...”

A somewhat entranced expression on her face as she recounted the fight,

she seemed to be recalling Reiji’s gallant figure in that moment. Suimei

didn’t want to know what delusions were passing through her head, so he

didn’t question her account. Reiji was also recollecting the encounter,

however, and suddenly clapped his hands together when a certain thought

crossed his mind.

“Now that I think of it, I’ve never seen you use a sword like that, Tia. I

had no idea you were so strong.”

“No, it was nothing...”

Titania naturally replied in a humble and ladylike manner, but...

“Ergh...”

What ended up coming out of her mouth was a befuddled gasp over her

grave error. Suimei, who had been sworn to secrecy, was irrepressibly

astonished to see her reveal herself so carelessly. As for the girl who’d let

her secret slip, she was fidgeting anxiously and unable to form a proper

sentence.

“Ah, no, that was, that was, that was...”

Reiji, on the other hand, raised a cheerful voice.

“Gosh, you should’ve just told me from the get-go that you were so

skilled with a blade. I’m practically an amateur. I would’ve loved to learn a

thing or two from you.”

Reiji was in no way criticizing her, but the way Titania fell completely

speechless indicated she’d taken it that way. She had it in her head that

“strong with a sword” meant “tomboy” meant “not good.” So having her

secret exposed would be a serious affair indeed. Glancing at Titania, who

was fidgeting endlessly, Graziella flashed a curious expression.

“You were unaware that Her Royal Highness Titania was talented with a

blade?”

“What? You already knew, Graziella-san?”

“But of course. Her Royal Highness is—”

“AAAAAAAAH! No! You can’t, you mustn’t, you shan’t! I cannot have

you say that, Your Imperial Highness!”

Just as Graziella was about to reveal Titania’s secret identity, Titania

exploded in a fit of energetic shouting. Graziella beheld her with a cold

gaze.

“I have no idea what reason you’d have to hide it, but after fighting in

front of him, isn’t it far too late for that?”

“B-But...”

Having this pointed out to her, Titania faltered. She was still opposed to

it because she didn’t want Reiji to dislike her. It was pitiful in its own way,

but everyone in the room was watching her with expectant eyes, waiting for

an answer. Seeing her so flustered and cornered was difficult for her

retainer, and so Felmenia began explaining in her stead.

“Reiji-dono, Her Royal Highness is one of the Seven Swords. The

fourth, to be specific, who goes by the title Twilight Beheading Princess.

Even here in the north, she is regarded as the pinnacle of swordsmanship.”

You could practically hear the color drain from Titania’s face. At long

last, she’d been found out. She looked as though she’d been plunged into

the depths of despair, but Reiji’s reaction wasn’t she’d expected.

“Wow, really? Tia, that’s amazing!”

“Huh?”

“Are you okay, Tia?”

Titania looked so completely thrown off guard that Reiji was worried

something was wrong. Finally becoming cognizant of a disparity between

their expectations, both of them were blinking at each other in surprise.

“U-Um, R-Reiji-sama, do you not think me a tomboy now?”

“Why would I?”

“W-Well, to go after an opponent with a sword is extremely unladylike...

How should I say it? It seems boorish for a woman.”

“Not at all. Especially since you’re so genteel and modest, Tia. I respect

you for that.”

“T-Truly?!”

“Mm.”

Reiji gave a quick nod, and Titania’s face instantly brightened.

Meanwhile, the corners of Graziella’s lips curved upward in a twisted grin.

“Your Royal Highness is far too naive. A man who would throw himself

in harm’s way to protect others from evil would never look at a woman as

an ornament for his own selfish conquest. Besides, if using a sword makes a

woman a violent tomboy, then Shrine Maiden-dono here would be the

absolute incarnation of boorishness, wouldn’t she?”

“Don’t throw me in as a punchline each and every time!”

When Graziella tossed a provoking glance Lefille’s way, she threw her

hands up in the air and shouted in protest. Graziella had her by the nose.

“I told you Reiji wouldn’t care about that kinda crap,” Suimei said with

a mild shrug as he turned to Titania.

“Huh? You knew too, Suimei?” asked Reiji.

“Hmm? Ah, well, yeah. After she nearly beat me to death, she told me to

keep my lips sealed.”

“What? You fought Tia?”

Reiji turned a critical and somewhat suspicious gaze on his friend, but it

was the panicking Titania who replied.

“I-It was nothing! That was, um... Suimei and I experienced a conflict of

opinion... Or rather, there was a misunderstanding... There were various,

um, various...”

Titania had been the one to ask for the duel. She’d even raised her sword

against Suimei without a good and proper reason to do so. It was

understandable that she didn’t want Reiji to know that. But it seemed Reiji

was under his own Reiji-esque misapprehension...

“Aaah, you made Tia mad, didn’t you?”

“Huh? Wait, what?! How am I suddenly the bad guy here?!”

“I mean, that’s what happened with Sensei after we came to this world.

Didn’t you do something again?”

As Reiji looked at him skeptically, Suimei attempted to defend himself.

“You really think I pissed off Tia?! That never happened!”

“I can’t think of anything else... Go figure. You must have done

something without realizing it. How about apologizing for it now and

making nice?”

“That was resolved a long time ago! And I was the one on the receiving

end there... Hey, Tia, this is your fault! You know that, right? Tia?”

“Heeheehee, not even a strong woman is too much for Reiji-sama...

Now that I know that, there is nothing to be frightened of. Be it a demon or

a rival in love, all I have to do is cut them down and finish them off...”

Titania was muttering to herself in a low, sharp voice with a dark grin on

her face. It was like she’d undergone a revelation—just an extreme and

violent one. Suimei felt like he could see the dangerous aura building

around her. Reiji simply watched her with a stiff smile.

“I don’t know what’s up with her, but she looks... super motivated,

right?” said Suimei. “So can’t we let bygones be bygones?”

“...Probably.”

Suimei let out a big sigh and then urged a change of topic. Honestly

speaking, he didn’t really care what it was at this point. His patience was

tried. But in the midst of such discussion, an unexpected noise came from

the ajar door to the living room. As everyone shifted their attention to the

diminutive pitter-patter, they saw a lone cat walking in.

“Meow.”

It was like it was announcing itself. Did it want something? It didn’t

appear to be urgent, but the resident cat expert—Liliana—was quick to

translate.

“It has a request... for Hero Reiji.”

“Huh? Me?”

“Yes. The cats seem to be hungry... and would like... to be fed now.”

“So that why it’s here? Okay, sure. If that’s all, then I don’t really mind,

but...”

He couldn’t help wondering why it had to be him, but since he had no

real reason to refuse, he nodded and agreed. His softhearted nature was

getting the better of him, but even so, he was still a bit taken aback by the

request.

“Reiji-dono, I will take care of feeding the cats. Lily, is that alright?”

“No, they want it to be Reiji... without fail. The cats... seem to be

interested in him.”

“In me?”

“It’s likely related... to the divine protection you received... from the

hero summoning. The cats are likely responding... to your sacred power.”

Hearing Liliana’s theory, Reiji turned to the cat.

“Really? You want it to be me?”

“Meow!”

Such an adorable answer caused Reiji to break out into a smile as he

received the food from Liliana and headed outside. Short of hating them,

there was no such thing as a person who didn’t delight in the affection of

cats. Even Reiji looked quite happy as he was tending to them. Not long

after he left the room, Liliana frowned.

“Was that... too heavy-handed?”

Graziella seemed to pick up on her meaning and raised a question.

“As I thought, it was your intention to separate Reiji from us, wasn’t it?”

“Yes. If Reiji is here... then there are things... that will be difficult to talk

about. I was planning to have... Mizuki go with him, but...”

At that, Liliana tossed a sidelong glance Io Kuzami’s way. The glint in

her narrowed eye betrayed a hint of distrust. However, Io Kuzami acted like

this didn’t concern her at all.

“There is no need to worry about me. Indeed, you may just think of me

as a divine sculpture whose beauty compels constant worship.”

Ignoring everything else, her simile was a little out there. If it were true,

she would just be a nuisance to have around. But despite having managed to

make this about her beauty, it really just meant she intended to stay and

listen. As Liliana looked to Suimei to confirm if this was alright, he nodded

to her.

“So, Lily, was that cat something you prepared?” Felmenia asked.

“Yes. I got the cats... to cooperate with me. I should have told you...

beforehand, shouldn’t I?”

That was apparently what she’d been doing when everyone first

gathered and she was off playing with the cats. As one would expect, she

was still extremely cautious by nature.

“Now... may I begin?”

It seemed she’d gone to such lengths because she had something she

wanted to discuss. As everyone’s attention fell on her, Liliana began

speaking in her usual uneven manner.

“This concerns the weapon... we were just talking about.”

“Liliana, regarding that, did we not come to the conclusion it is simply

something we do not know enough about?”

They’d already discussed the relic. But when Titania pointed that out,

Liliana shook her head and looked at Suimei.

“Suimei, back when we were talking... about the weapon... your

responses were quite vague.”

“Hmm? That so?”

“Yes. Suimei... do you know... about that weapon?”

“What makes you think that?”

“When we were discussing it... you seemed to be elsewhere. Also, when

you see something you don’t understand... you make a very serious,

inquisitive face. There was... practically none of that.”

That was how she’d arrived at the conclusion that he knew something.

Confronted with the evidence, Suimei put up both of his hands like he was

surrendering.

“That’s Liliana for you. Very perceptive.”

“Though she is no longer, Liliana was still one of the Empire’s Elite

Twelve. Such skills are to be expected.”

“It’s a little different from what I’ve heard, but isn’t that the

Sacrament?”