she’d stolen Aerith’s title as the youngest ever to join the Elite Twelve.

Though she never let it show, that resentment was still eating away at the

depths of her heart.

And as Liliana accomplished her missions and amassed achievements

one after another, Aerith’s hostility for her only grew stronger. They would

cross paths every now and then on missions, but just the sight of Liliana

was enough to irritate Aerith. Needless to say, she was especially displeased

that Liliana would be taking part in the upcoming fight.

She’d entered the arena with that displeasure boiling over in her heart.

This would be the grand stage where she herself would author Liliana

Zandyke’s defeat. She wanted this to be the end of the dark feelings

plaguing her. And she wanted to prove once and for all who was really

superior.

From the arena, she turned and looked at two people standing in the

crowd. They were the two other contenders chosen to take part in the

matches just like Aerith had.

“Now, now, Senpai. If you get too worked up, it’ll affect the fight, won’t

it? You really okay out there?”

The one calling out to her—his voice like cold water on her boiling

determination—was another member of the Elite Twelve, Slane Zolnuf. He

was a young man who had only been inducted into the Elite Twelve fairly

recently. Though he was older than Aerith, he was still her junior. He was

sharp but boastful, and always conducted in himself in a way that belittled

and made light of others. Because of that, Aerith didn’t care much for him.

The Elite Twelve were supposed to be noble emissaries of the Empire’s

power, after all.

“Aerith, put the utmost of your power on display so that you do not

bring shame upon the Elite Twelve—not that a plebeian like you would ever

bring us any real honor.”

Following Slane, a man in his prime called out to her. With his pompous

tone, every single word that came out of his mouth betrayed him as a

typical disgusting noble. His name was Baaldan Dostolf Zegent. He’d

joined the ranks of the Elite Twelve by using his influence to seize an

opening while they were short a member—and he was only disputably fit

for the position. His power as a mage was certain, but his power was not

accompanied by good technique or other notable abilities. However,

because he displayed a matchless talent for trickery, he’d managed to keep

his place. In an entirely different way from Slane, he was also a nasty man.

In any day, age, and world, it was quite common for powerful mages to

be eccentrics, but the current Elite Twelve were worse than that. They’d

gone beyond eccentric; they were just plain despicable. To Aerith, the only

upright members of the lot were probably Graziella and Gorgan. But in her

eyes, worse than even Slane and Baaldan was Liliana. She had never

deserved to call herself part of the Elite Twelve. She was but a lowly mage

who’d capitalized on her father’s fame.

The Elite Twelve are not so naive...

Aerith could no longer stand for those who relied on their parents’

influence or those who had no real talent to swagger around in a charade of

importance. She would stake her pride as someone who’d worked for her

place in life to knock them down a peg.

Just before she’d entered the arena, the member of the current Elite

Twelve that she respected most aside from Graziella had pulled her aside

for a word. It was Gorgan Bartwood Goalt, the head of the group.

“Aerith, you do understand the situation at hand, correct? Just because

she is a former associate and younger than you does not mean that you can

hold back. The honor of the Elite Twelve is what you are fighting for here.”

“Yes, commander. I understand fully. I will use my water magic to

demonstrate to that foolish little girl just what it means to walk away from

the Elite Twelve.”

Aerith had looked Gorgan dead in the eye as she made that declaration

before bowing her head, and Gorgan had nodded back to her in satisfaction.

After that, she’d entered the arena where Liliana was already waiting.

“To think that someone who ran away would shamelessly return like

this... Does this mean you’ve changed your mind and want to rejoin the

Elite Twelve?”

“I did not come back here... because I wanted to come back... to the

Elite Twelve. And besides, the only reason... I joined the Elite Twelve in the

first place... was to support the colonel. I have no attachment... to the Elite

Twelve... without him.”

“How impudent. You’re probably using this fight to force Reanat-sama

and Graziella-sama to acknowledge you. Despite being a child, you’re quite

shrewd.”

“...”

Though Aerith was showering her with abuse, Liliana’s expression never

wavered. But that was just the kind of girl she was. Despite being a child,

she was hardly childish. Even when insulted, she didn’t get mad—she

didn’t even get sad. It was like she was saying that such provocation rolled

completely off her shoulders. And that was what got on Aerith’s nerves. No,

everything about her got on Aerith’s nerves.

“I will show you the kind of power a real member of the Elite Twelve

possesses.”

“Please... by all means.”

At that, both girls took fighting stances. There was no referee to call the

beginning of the match. This was a fight to demonstrate the authority of the

Elite Twelve. They fully intended on delivering such a definitive defeat to

these outsiders that there would be no disputing it. As such, Aerith was

planning on settling things in an instant. If she won the fight right out of the

gate, that would be the most overwhelming victory possible—a victory

worthy of the Elite Twelve.

“Oh Water. Thou shalt gather and burst forth as a mighty geyser. Surpass

the strongest gale and pierce mine enemy.”

Aerith began incanting her spell. Her talent for magic—as the mages

who’d come to her village had discovered—was an extreme affinity for the

water attribute. Indeed, Aerith could not use any attribute except for water.

She was the only member of the Elite Twelve restricted to a single attribute,

but her gift for that attribute made her far more powerful and precise with it

than anyone else. That was what had earned her her place as part of the

Elite Twelve.

“Go, Rapid Aqua Bullet!”

Holding out her hand and pointing at Liliana, she activated her

keywords. The moment she did, a large current of water formed at her

fingertip and began to swirl like a whirlpool before it shot forward. It was

so fast that it could hardly be followed with the naked eye. Moreover,

Liliana was working with only one eye, meaning she naturally had a rather

large blind spot. All in all, it was an extremely practical attack to use against

her. However, Liliana evaded the blindingly fast water bullet as if she’d

seen it coming miles away.

“Wha—?!”

All Liliana had done was hop once like a wild rabbit. That was all she’d

had to do to dodge the bullet that then proceeded to fly into the outer

boundary of the arena and disperse.

It was an attack that should have been inescapable. Yet Liliana had

sidestepped it as if it were a mere nuisance. Perhaps that would have been

possible if she knew the spell, but Aerith had never once used it in front of

her. Nevertheless, there was no denying what she’d just seen with her own

eyes. Liliana had successfully dodged it.

It was startling, but Aerith quickly collected herself. If Liliana could

evade her attacks, that meant she at least had a modicum of skill. It wasn’t

what Aerith had expected, but that just meant there was a small discrepancy

between her predictions and reality. If she adjusted for that miscalculation,

then Liliana had absolutely no chance of winning.

“Oh Water! Thou shalt gather and burst forth as a mighty mass of

geysers! Surpass the strongest gale and pierce mine enemy! Rapid Aqua

Bullets!”

Aerith settled on trying the same spell again, except this time she

summoned multiple bullets at her fingertips instead of one. She aimed all

five at Liliana and fired them one after the other. She wagered that, with

Liliana taking evasive action, she wouldn’t be able to keep up and the last

bullet would successfully take her out. However...

“Is that... all?”

All five of the water bullets flew right past Liliana. Even though there

was no way she could have seen their trajectories, she simply sidestepped

them as if she were dodging harmless pebbles thrown by a small child.

“Tch, don’t look down on me!” Aerith shouted, roiling over Liliana’s

provocative question and attitude.

And just as she was preparing to use her next spell, Liliana’s mana

became highly excited. It seeped out from her, soaking the atmosphere and

prickling at Aerith’s skin like a volatile acid in the air. This was Liliana’s

signature manifestation of mana.

“Then... it’s about time... that I start... Oh Hermit. Hidden in the

threshold to the realm of the dead, oh servant of shadows. From the abyss,

raise your innocent voice that causes all creation to quiver and tremble.”

Liliana began incanting a strange spell. As she wove her chant that

hailed something—but not an Element—a black magic circle appeared at

her feet. Following that, a multitude of black holes began appearing around

her like invisible worms were eating away at the air itself. Aerith guessed

that this was Liliana’s specialty, magic of the darkness attribute. Raw

darkness was bubbling up to the surface, vanishing, and bubbling up once

more. Every time this cycle repeated, the number of bubbles appearing

increased.

Magic of the darkness attribute did not directly attack a target. Instead, it

was magic that affected a target’s mind. It could render someone panicked

or comatose, and it was even possible to use such magic for defense. There

were many techniques of the darkness attribute that were altogether eerie or

disturbing.

While the dark bubbles around Liliana continued increasing, Aerith

found herself starkly reluctant to do anything. Faced with the impending

danger of dark magic, alarm bells were ringing in the back of her head. As

she stood there trying to decide whether to go on the offensive or defensive,

the air right before her eyes began to fester as the darkness encroached on

it. As if the air itself was slowly being wrenched, it coiled into a vortex. She

started to see an asymmetrical transparent pattern in front of her like she

was observing the world through warped glass.

Eventually, a pallid light appeared at the center of the pattern. The

transparent and warped space around it then gradually took on a pale blue

hue. Aerith had no idea what was happening, and she had no idea what

would happen next. She’d never seen such magic before—not at the Magic

Institute, and not in all her days on the battlefield.

As Aerith finally made up her mind and began boldly chanting a

defensive spell, something appeared beyond the pallid light, bubbling

darkness, and twisted space—a beast. Judging by its silhouette, it was a

dog. But its body was aglow with the ghostly pallid light, it had pitch black

eye sockets that looked like they could suck in souls, and its entire body

was easily Liliana’s height. After the beast manifested fully, Liliana walked

up beside it and affectionately patted its head.

“From now on... your name is... Howler.”

The moment Liliana bestowed a name upon the beast born of darkness

and will-o’-the-wisps, a bright red light filled its murky eye sockets. The

next instant, the beast named Howler raised a magnificent howling cry that

shook heaven and earth. The sound of it—which felt like an electric shock

in the air—rang through the entire arena. No, the entire encampment. But

for all its power and volume, it seemed to carry with it no sense of menace.

“I don’t know what kind of magic that is, but magic that creates a mere

beast couldn’t possibly...”

Aerith then quietly chanted a spell of her own and prepared to fire a

water bullet at the dog. It was sitting perfectly still, as if waiting for orders

from its master. In other words, it was a sitting duck. Without wasting a

moment, Aerith let her bullet fly as soon as it was ready. It sailed through

the air faster than the mana light of the spell could be reflected in the

audience’s eyes and, kicking up dust and a surging spray in its wake, it

pierced right into Howler.

“Did you see that— Huh?”

Or so Aerith thought it would. Preemptively raising a triumphant boast,

her tone quickly changed when she realized what had happened. Howler

hadn’t made a single noise, and he was still standing right where he had

been before. He hadn’t moved a muscle; he hadn’t had to. Right before the

bullet was about to strike him, it had completely vanished like it was

negated by some unseen force.

Magic, however, was not something that could simply be negated by

other magic. When conflicting attributes clashed against each other, it was