happen—a feeling most people got at least once in their lives. And

everything that was making his body tremble amplified that cold sensation.

“Th-This is...?”

“Suimei? No, just who...?”

“Heh, I see. So that guy has drilled quite an extraordinary lesson into

her. Though he’s always playing the fool, he certainly does not miss a step.

His little charade makes me quite envious, actually... to the point that it

stimulates this curse of mine.”

Reiji and Titania were both bewildered. But Io Kuzami smiled boldly

like she knew exactly what was going on. At the very least, she knew

something. And the moment Reiji was about to ask her what it was, the next

chant echoed in the air.

“Rain, oh rain. Oh hot, hot rain of fire that pours incessantly without

exhausting my mysteries. Just like the white smoke of clouds and fog worn

by the skies, cover the earth with a baptism of white fire that pardons no

evil. Show not the mercy of compassion to those who disturb the world, to

those who soil the world. And so, purify the lands and admonish them with

the fires of judgment handed down from the heavens. Rainblaze Clouds.”

The keywords were “Rainblaze Clouds,” and those words alone made

the nature of the spell quite apparent.

A large white magic circle stretched out across the ground, and

mirroring it, another magic circle formed in the blue sky above. As they

revolved in opposite directions, a white electric current crackled between

them. When that current struck the clear sky, white clouds slowly took

shape and swirled into a vortex.

The sky was gradually becoming cloudy. However, in complete contrast,

the ground below was still as bright as day. As far as spells go, this one was

slow to activate. To Reiji, it only looked like it was creating clouds.

However, as he suspected, that wasn’t all there was to it. With a drip and a

drop, tears began falling from the sky.

Rain began to douse the battlefield. Perhaps due to the white clouds

covering the sky, the small raindrops looked like they were a cloudy white.

They left thread-like trails behind them as they fell towards the demons, and

only the demons.

But those droplets were not actually rain at all. They were plasma that

gave off a white light. Indeed, it was raining white-hot fire. And as those

deadly droplets came into contact with the demons, their bodies turned into

a mass of white flames. Naturally, they had no way of resisting it. Even as

they began to clad themselves in the dark power they used to resist magic,

their bodies were left completely exposed to the rain. And as soon as it

touched them, they were set aflame with white fire. When they tried to

brush it off of themselves, it spread even more quickly to other demons

around them. It all happened in the blink of an eye. The white fire spread

out like a blaze in a dry field, and almost all of the nearby demons were

annihilated.

“...”

Seeing such a disastrous scene, Reiji was at a complete loss for words.

And at the same time, a freezing chill assaulted his spine. It wasn’t

particularly because of the spell, either. The power of the magic was

certainly great, but that wasn’t the true source of the fear he felt. Creating a

large amount of clouds in the sky and bathing everything underneath it in

white fire wasn’t such an unusual feat for a spell. But as he looked

overhead, the clouds hanging in the sky seemed to be spreading out. They

soon overshadowed the entire camp.

And then it hit him. It was the scale of the spell that was so

unbelievable.

Unsure as to whether or not he could call this phenomenon magic

anymore, he was left speechless. Titania, who was standing next to him,

was also quite surprised, as she narrowed her alert eyes. Io Kuzami was

standing there with her brow knit in dissatisfaction. But as it turned out,

they weren’t the only ones to be caught off guard.

“Wh-What is this?! This magic... Magic of this kind of scale is

impossible!”

The one to raise such a chorus of shock was Demon General

Grallajearus. Even as a demon general, it was the first time it had seen this

kind of magic. When it faced off against Reiji and Titania earlier, it was

thoroughly composed. But not anymore. Right now, it was extremely

perturbed. Before long, the caster of the spell finally approached the group

through the white rain—Felmenia Stingray.

“To call something of this level impossible... That in itself is the

definition of foolishness. There are only a small handful of things that are

truly impossible in the world. What I have done is rather simple compared

to those feats.”

“This damn magic was your doing?!”

As Grallajearus raised its voice in disbelief, Felmenia quietly nodded.

Grallajearus then questioned her more in bewilderment.

“What the hell are you?! If you’re not a hero, how can you use so much

power?! Are you really just a damn human?!”

“Well, regarding that... Just the other day, I resolved to take my leave of

being one.”

As Felmenia made that quiet, cold declaration, a sudden fearful chill ran

up the backs of every single being present. She was taking her leave of

being human... The one who was caught on those words the most was none

other than the one who’d asked her about her humanity in the first place—

Grallajearus.

“T-Take your leave, you say...? Are you saying you are a human who’s

stopped being a human...?”

“Regarding that, let’s just say that it’s of no concern to a demon.”

“M-Making light of me...”

“By the way, is it fine to only focus on me? I’m not your only enemy

here, am I?”

“What—?”

What followed after Grallajearus’s confused voice was a hearty war cry.

“YAAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

It was a rather masculine and violent cry, but the voice was that of a

woman.

BOMPH!

Along with a deep, low-frequency sound which resounded in everyone’s

stomach, a mass of bodies flew into the sky above the circle of demons who

were still being consumed by the white flames. Their bodies were

gruesomely scattered into pieces from the shock of the strike.

Following that, the fence of burning demons was blown back by a

shockwave. And beyond that fence was a girl carrying a gigantic halberd.

She had bright blue hair and a small stature. She grimaced and shook her

hand in the air as if she’d just touched something nasty. Her expression was

definitely not one of someone who was fighting the sworn enemy of

humanity. It was of someone who was driving away an unpleasant insect.

“Who is...”

As Titania was about to ask who it was, Felmenia answered before she

could finish.

“Your Royal Highness, that is an ally. But do note that it is only a

temporary one...”

“Temporary?”

“Well, yeah.”

The one to reply to Titania was the petite girl Felmenia called an ally.

She must have heard their conversation. She then thrust her halberd towards

Reiji and Titania.

“Yo, Hero of Salvation and Twilight Beheading Princess. The name’s

Jillbert Griga. Just for today, I’ll be lending ya a teensy hand, alright? Ah,

also, I won’t be answering annoying questions like ‘Why?’ or ‘What’s your

aim?’ You got that? And that’s ’cause they’re all things there’s no point in

you knowing! Now, take this!”

After declaring that, she once more swung her halberd and separated the

axe blade from the shaft. Extending the chain that linked them together, she

began to scatter the remaining demons in a circle around them.

Along with Felmenia’s magic, almost all the demons in the area were

now defeated or left powerless. The only one gnashing their teeth in

response to that was, naturally, Grallajearus.

“Th-That many, by just the two of you...”

“Hah! You’re naive for thinking you can just drag along a mishmash of

these damn powerless pests! Don’t look down on humans, stupid! Idiot! Ah,

but I’m a dwarf, though...”

“Besides, it is not just our power. There are the imperial soldiers here as

well.”

As Felmenia glanced behind her, Graziella had already pulled together

the soldiers, and they were exterminating the remaining demons.

“Everyone, show some spirit! We’re going to support Reiji!”

“HAH!”

As Graziella gave her orders, the imperial soldiers shouted back in

unison. They were thrown into chaos and left at a disadvantage, but from

the looks of it, they quickly rearranged their position and were now pushing

back the ambush.

However, it could be said that what granted them a means of survival

was, without a doubt, Felmenia’s magic. As Grallajearus also seemed to

fully understand that fact, it fired off the pebbles of Isa towards her with

rage.

“You damn little girl!”

“Oh barrier. Deploy.”

In response, Felmenia muttered out a chant. And immediately, a thick

wall of mana appeared before her and obstructed the countless iron scraps

sent flying by Grallajearus.

“A magic shield cannot stand before our pebbles of Isa!”

“Unfortunately for you, this is a barrier.”

“Nonsense!”

After that, the pebbles of Isa poured out relentlessly, but the barrier put

up by Felmenia didn’t falter. Despite the fact that the wall of earth Reiji

used crumbled in an instant, Felmenia had, with a far shorter chant, using a

spell he had never heard before, and with no keyword, created a shield that

could withstand it.

Before long, Grallajearus could tell that the pebbles of Isa would not

work, and stopped the barrage. And as he did, Felmenia’s barrier also

vanished.

“Demon general. That sort of attack will not work on me. Resign

yourself.”

“Gu...! This kind of...”

Felmenia further increased the mana clad around her and threatened the

demon with overwhelming pressure. Seeing her like that, Titania let out her

admiration with a smile.

“As expected, White Flame-dono is quite reliable.”

“N-No, it wasn’t much...”

In a complete change from her dreadful aura just now, Felmenia began

to feel embarrassed. Her expression crumbled before the praise and

admiration from the princess of her own country. However the mana she

was accumulating remained the same, and she didn’t show any signs of

carelessness. Before long, Graziella had finished cleaning up the remaining

demons and joined up with them.

“Is all that’s left that monster?”

“Yes. A demon general that called itself Grallajearus.”

Titania answered her. Perhaps because of the battle, her tone was

somewhat gloomy, but Graziella responded with a fearless laugh.

“With this much power gathered together, it doesn’t matter if it’s a

demon general...”

“Your Imperial Highness, it is still dangerous to be so careless.”

“I know that much without you telling me. Right, Reiji... Reiji?”

Though Graziella called out to him, Reiji didn’t respond. And as she was

baffled by his unexpected behavior, Reiji suddenly stepped towards

Grallajearus.

“Reiji-sama?!”

“Hey! What are you being so impudent for?!”

The two princesses began panicking as Reiji stepped in on his own.

Though they tried to restrain him as they called out, Reiji did not turn to

look at them.

“I will defeat this guy on my own. I want all of you to stay out of it.”

“But Reiji-sama—”

“I have to do this on my own.”

Reiji ignored Titania’s voice. He had to do it himself. His resolve was

the result of how the tide of this battle had gone. Because he felt worthless

for having decided to cast away Titania as a sacrifice so he could flee. In

order to climb over this wall, he had to do this on his own.

Despite seeing his determined silhouette, Titania still insisted on