She’d stepped away from the spell as Suimei had taught it to her by

putting her own spin on it. She felt that was a flaw to be corrected.

However, Suimei was of a rather different opinion.

“I think it’s fine. Originality is proof that you have a strong handle on

the material. It’s true that if you rely too heavily on your own senses, then

you can get caught in a trap of your own design, but if you’re careful, then I

have no complaints. There’re still some kinks to work out, but overall, I

think you did a pretty good job.”

Hearing Suimei’s praise, Liliana smiled delightedly. From this match, he

understood well that Liliana was fundamentally a different type of magician

than Felmenia. If Felmenia was a hard worker, then Liliana was a prodigy.

Rather than Suimei’s own style, hers was more akin to that of Suimei’s

assistant, Hydemary. As for her aptitude, she had an affinity for witchcraft.

As long as she didn’t limit herself to specializing in a single type of

magicka, she had the potential to become quite a magician.

As their secret talk came to an end, Reiji hailed the three of them and

waved them back over to the group.

“I really am surprised, Liliana-chan. I had no idea you were so strong.”

“I-Indeed... I am a former member... of the Elite Twelve.”

“So you were one of the stronger members then, huh?”

“No, that’s not quite...”

Liliana couldn’t exactly tell Reiji that her current abilities were because

Suimei had been teaching her magicka. Not knowing what else to say, she

ended up trailing off mid-conversation. But then, by a stroke of either good

or bad luck, Io Kuzami cut in and interrupted things completely.

“Now that my disciple has given such a good show, I myself cannot just

stand idly by.”

“As I’ve been saying... I am not your—”

“But of course my disciple would have such a flashy taste for battle.

Heh heh heh... For the next match, then, shall I personally show you all the

quiet simplicity and subdued refinement of a plain fight?”

Paying Liliana no mind whatsoever, Io Kuzami continued to talk up her

match. Hearing this, Reiji made a complicated expression as he leaned over

towards Suimei with a hand cupped to his mouth.

“You hearing what she’s saying, Suimei?”

“Yeah, there’s no way in hell it’s going to be plain. What does she even

know about quiet simplicity and subdued refinement?”

“Whatever she’s thinking when she says that, it’s probably not what

we’re thinking when we hear it, huh?”

“The same as ever...”

“Mm, the same as ever...”

Both boys let out a sigh in the same breath as Io Kuzami entered the

arena.

★

After the destruction wrought on the arena during the first match had

been repaired, the second match was just about to start: the problem child

with her chuuni powers at full throttle, Io Kuzami, versus Slane Zolnuf of

the Elite Twelve.

Zolnuf was a young man who appeared to be about the same age as or

slightly older than Aerith. His rusty red hair was smoothed down and he had

somewhat elegant features, but the perpetual smirk on his face detracted

from his charm. If anything, he looked superficial. He also appeared to be a

mage just like Aerith, and carried a short staff in one hand.

Both he and Io Kuzami rose to the arena without any sort of ceremony.

And the one to take the initiative in the war of words before the match was

the latter. She wore her own smirk as if to say she wouldn’t lose out to

Slane in any way, shape, or form.

“Now then, are you supposed to be my opponent?” she asked. “Aren’t

you quite the seedy-looking bastard? For them to send the likes of you

against me... This is an insult.”

“I hear you’re the hero’s companion, but aren’t you getting a bit too

cocky? If you say too much, won’t it just be all the more embarrassing

when you lose?”

Slane replied with a sneer to Io Kuzami talking down to him. As one

would expect of a member of the Elite Twelve, he had the discretion not to

get riled up over someone joking around. But Io Kuzami didn’t particularly

seem to care about having her taunting turned back around on her, either.

“Me? Lose? Not so. The one who shall be getting a full-course tasting of

the dirt of defeat in this arena will be none other than yourself.”

“That’s some confidence you have...”

“This is not confidence. It’s simply knowledge of the predetermined—

that which you know as fate.”

“You have a lot of nerve to say something so conceited. Who the hell do

you think I am? I am Slane-sama of the Elite Twelve, you hear?”

With Io Kuzami’s increasingly impudent claims, Slane gradually became

more irritated. Though he was speaking glibly, his tone grew somewhat

sharper. He even resorted to proudly bragging about his position, but...

“As if I care. To me, you shall simply be the bastard with the receding

hairline.”

“You fucking bitch! You’ve got that weird cloth wrapped around your

neck, and you’re gonna fucking make fun of my glorious hairstyle?!”

“Stop there, peon. Did you just insult the heroic muffler of love,

bastard? Very well. I shall take extra care in personally showing you the

very depths of hell.”

The flames of rage were ignited in both of them upon having their styles

insulted. It sounded like an extremely petty squabble, but the audience was

getting into it. It was easy to take sides in a simple dispute like this, and the

crowd grew noisy as they started shouting rather inappropriate

encouragement. As she was rather blatantly disrespecting the Elite Twelve,

the booing for Io Kuzami was fairly expected. But, despite this being a

military encampment, there were also shouts of “Die!” and “Kick the

bucket already!” coming Slane’s way, giving a glimpse into what people

really thought about him.

“I’ll fucking kill you.”

“Your sins are your ignorance and your contempt for this favorite

accessory of mine. You shall atone for them with your death.”

As their childish and vicious exchange came to an end, the match

began... It began, but unlike Slane who immediately took his distance, Io

Kuzami simply stood there with her arms folded and a fearless grin on her

face. She wasn’t moving. She wasn’t chanting. She wasn’t doing anything,

leaving Slane to take the initiative.

“Oh Earth! Stretch out and rise! Threaten my enemy’s foothold! Ground

Lance!”

As he activated his keywords, the ground around him protruded upward.

Wrecking the arena as it moved, it shot forward towards Io Kuzami. And

rather than taking any evasive action, she stood perfectly still like she was

just waiting for the collision. But then, just as she was about to be

swamped...

“Hmph. There is nothing more foolish than using the earth against me.”

Murmuring to herself as though she were bored, Io Kuzami stamped her

foot on the gray arena floor. The brisk sound of splashing liquid struck the

audience’s ears, and the protruding earth settled down with an explosion.

Slane looked surprised upon seeing his spell so trumped, but immediately

tightened up his face.

“So you’re at least not all talk, huh?”

“Of course not. I am Io Kuzami, the absolute existence who has hold

over everything in the world.”

As expected, she couldn’t help throwing in a bit of extra flair. And as she

loudly declared herself to Slane and the audience, Suimei and Reiji were at

their wits’ end. There was no saving her now. Even in a fantasy world like

this, she was babbling completely beyond the realm of common sense. All

they could do was look away.

“Oh yeah? Then tell me: is it the job of an absolute existence or

whatever you claim to be to just stand there with your arms folded like an

idiot?”

“Now you’ve done it. Very well. I shall showcase a rare technique just

for a bastard like you.”

After being mocked for remaining still, Io Kuzami seemed to grow

excited and ominously began laughing. But despite what she said, she

continued to stand stock still with her arms folded. She still wasn’t doing

anything, not even building up her mana. And just as everyone began to

suspect an anticlimactic end to her taunting, the surface of the stone area

snapped without any warning. It was as if some invisible power had

violently struck it. Seeing this, Slane looked disappointed.

“Oh, is that all you’ve got? All you did was just make some damn noise.

That’s not a technique; that’s a bluff.”

“A bluff, you say? Hmph. If that’s what you think, then you should try it

out for yourself. Here.”

“Ah—?”

Another loud sound rang out without Io Kuzami doing anything, this

time something like a dry slap. It was Slane’s face, apparently smacked

violently to the side by some invisible force.

“Guaah!”

Perhaps because he hadn’t seen it coming, Slane fell over to the side

upon being struck. He quickly scrambled back to his feet and shook his

head, as if to clear away the shock and confusion.

“Y-You bitch, what did you...”

“That just now? That was just the thrashing from servants of mine that

cannot be seen by your mortal eyes.”

“Servants that... cannot be seen?”

“That’s right. Right now—in this very arena—my ever loyal and unseen

servants stand ready to heed my command. In accordance with my will, at

any time and place, they are ready to fight for my life. Look, this isn’t going

to end with just a single strike, you know?”

“Gu—!”

As Io Kuzami finished speaking, the invisible thrashing continued to

assault Slane. This time, a powerful blow struck him in the back of the

head. Unable to sense what was coming at him, it was a completely one-

sided fight. In an attempt to protect his head, he put his hands up in front of

him and crouched down.

Slane’s bewilderment was obvious, but the same went for those in the

audience. This phenomenon wasn’t magicka—there was no mana stirring in

the area. Yet nevertheless, mystical things were happening. It was perfectly

understandable that the crowd was flummoxed, and this included Felmenia.

“Unseen servants? But there isn’t...”

There wasn’t anything there. Even if she looked for incorporeal

presences, there was no trace of anything. Unable to explain this herself,

she turned to Suimei standing next to her.

“Um, Suimei-dono? Just what is that technique Io Kuzami-dono is

using...?”

Felmenia saw Suimei looking at Io Kuzami through narrowed eyes like

he was trying to ascertain what exactly she was. He continued to stare at her

for a moment before answering.

“Spontaneous psychokinetic control.”

“Spontaneous psychokinetic control... you say?”

“That’s right. It’s a spiritualism technique. Beneath the layer of

consciousness—I mean, it’s a technique that unconsciously creates

phenomena in a person’s surroundings.”

“U-Ummm...”

“Think of a poltergeist. Even in this world, there are stories of strange

creaking noises in houses or objects just flying off of shelves for no reason,

right?”

“In old mansions, perhaps... You mean those stories from haunted

houses and ancient castles, no? If so, then yes, I have heard of such things

before.”

Even in this world, they had poltergeists. But because communication

was relatively slow and limited, unlike in the modern world, it seemed

information on them had yet to really spread. Lefille, pom-poms still in

hand, had begun walking over to Suimei and Felmenia upon realizing they

were talking about something. But as soon as she heard the words “haunted

houses,” she shuddered, promptly did an about-face, and retraced her steps.

“Recurrent spontaneous psychokinesis, commonly referred to as RSPK,

is just one facet of the phenomena associated with poltergeists. It often

applies in cases where the real culprit isn’t just a spirit directly interfering

with the world. In short, it occurs when people with strong sensitivity to the

spiritual have an effect on their surroundings via residual emotions and

ether. The trigger is assumed to be the caster’s spiritual power running wild.

And what that damn Io Kuzami has done here is take a normally

unconscious phenomenon and make it conscious so she can manipulate it.”

In other words, she’d brought a very unruly power under her control.