And unlike regular magic, RSPK was controlled by residual emotions and

ether. It manifested and behaved differently. It also took no chant or

gestures to conjure and was invisible to the naked eye. Not even spiritual

sight was enough to discern it. That was likely why Io Kuzami referred to

the power as her unseen servants.

What she was really talking about was her “subliminal self,” an idea

proposed by Frederic Myers that was largely regarded as unfounded by

modern occultists. But that was turning a blind eye to the fact that the leader

of theosophy, Helena Blavatsky, had mastered the technique over a hundred

years ago. It was said that she would freely manipulate it to scare people,

and so became known as a master of ghosts—a medium—and an icon of

spiritualism. Though in reality, it wasn’t at all ghosts that she was

manipulating.

After hearing Suimei’s explanation, Felmenia made a puzzled

expression.

“I do not at all doubt its effectiveness, but it seems like a very

roundabout technique. Would it not be more polished simply to perform a

spell by just the power of one’s mind?”

“It’s true that magicka could accomplish the same thing. But this is

different in that it’s based off of the perception of the person wielding it, so

the quality of the technique is— Aha, that’s it! That’s what she meant about

quiet simplicity and subdued refinement!”

In the middle of explaining things to Felmenia, Suimei interrupted

himself, shouting out as if he’d stumbled upon a realization of some kind.

“Suimei-dono?”

“Remember what that damn Io Kuzami said after Liliana’s fight? She

claimed she’d show us ‘the quiet simplicity and subdued refinement of a

plain fight.’ Unlike regular magicka, this technique has no form or shape. It

moves completely independently of the caster. The point is that she’s using

something that’s the polar opposite of a familiar.”

“Ah...”

Suimei had assumed that Io Kuzami was just talking out of her ass as

usual, but quite unexpectedly, she’d been up to something clever all along.

And then, almost as if in acknowledgement of his realization, Io Kuzami

tossed a sly smile his way. It irritated him to no end, but he could no longer

deny what she’d said. She’d gotten him on this one. And seeing all this,

Felmenia began adorably grumbling.

“Hmmm... It seems like a technique that is difficult to counter. If there’s

no movement of mana, it must be hard to take countermeasures against

something that cannot be seen.”

“Not really. The basis of the technique—the power of poltergeists—is a

naturally occurring phenomenon, so it isn’t actually particularly strong or

high-level. As long as your defenses are tight, there’s nothing to be scared

of.”

“Then its aggressiveness is not a great threat?”

“Poltergeists are mostly just noisy, after all.”

In a way, when Slane had said Io Kuzami was just making noise, he was

right. The technique was highly unpredictable because it was invisible, but

it was possible to defend against it with just one’s arms. It made for an

excellent surprise attack, but it wasn’t remarkably powerful.

“Slane! What are you doing?!”

After seeing Aerith defeated in the first match, Gorgan couldn’t help the

panic that fell over him upon seeing Slane getting slapped around. His face

was bright red as he shouted angrily into the arena. And it seemed an

effective stimulus. Slane immediately stiffened and began chanting.

“Oh Wind! Thou shalt become my barrier and protect me! Air Wall!”

Immediately following his keyword, the wind in the area formed a

defensive wall around him. Io Kuzami’s psychokinesis was unable to

penetrate it, and so the invisible beating came to an end. Seeing that Slane

had come up with a way to defend against her technique, Io Kuzami

scattered her thoughts to dismiss it.

“Hmph. So you can at least defend against an attack of this level, can

you?”

“You’ve really done it now, you fucking bitch...”

“Well, it would be a disappointment if I could defeat you without ever

moving from this spot. Were you as brittle as the third bridge of a ship, the

fight would be too boring. The audience would have nothing to get excited

over.”

“You damn... You’ve been talking nothing but nonsense for way too long

now! Are you fucked in the head or something?”

After taking such a beating without getting a single hit in edgewise,

Slane was quite irritated. He raved at Io Kuzami, but she didn’t seem to care

at all.

“For you not to understand my refined words... It seems not just your

hairline, but also the contents of your head have waned.”

At Io Kuzami’s keen riposte, the crowd erupted into raucous laughter.

Reiji, who was watching over all of this intently, leaned over to Suimei.

“Io Kuzami-san... It seems she’s doing alright for now.”

“Yeah, for now.”

Suimei seemed to be implying that was all subject to change, and Reiji

nodded with a troubled expression. He knew there was a possibility things

could go south. The match was far from over, and they had no idea what

would happen next. They had to stay on their toes. If things took a turn for

the strange, they would be the ones who had to stop Io Kuzami. Meanwhile,

across the arena from them, Gorgan was still shouting.

“You hear me, Slane?! You cannot lose! Another defeat will tarnish our

reputation!”

“I know!”

Gorgan himself had clashed with Io Kuzami back in the tent, so he must

have been particularly wary of her. After shouting at Slane, he just glared

fixedly at her. But again, Gorgan’s words had an immediate effect on Slane.

He’d been on the verge of panic, but collected himself somewhat after

being reprimanded by the head of the Elite Twelve. The insults he’d

endured were still eating away at him, but he calmly surveyed Io Kuzami. It

was then that she finally decided to use a spell of her own and began

chanting.

“Oh Fire and Wind. Brave the skies with your merciless sweltering heat

and consume all the air within. Strangle the one before me with gasping

agony. Respiring Burn!”

Not a moment after she activated her keywords, the sky above the arena

coiled into a fiery vortex. It looked like a spell intended to heat the

atmosphere to the point that just breathing in the air was dangerous.

“Oh Wind! Thou shalt act in accordance with my will and blow fiercely!

Send the sweltering heat and chilling air that threatens me beyond the

horizon! Continuum Wind!”

Slane countered Io Kuzami’s magic with a wind spell of his own. It

seemed he was trying to defend himself by redirecting the danger away

from him. But when his gust met the superheated stream of air coming

down from Io Kuzami’s fire coil, they collided in a duel of swirling currents

overhead.

The two mages then began fighting to see who could pour more mana

into their spell and overcome the other. Really, it was a contest of

endurance. And there was no way a human stood a chance against the mana

reserves of a spirit. Giving in first, Slane’s breath was completely ragged.

“Ridiculous...! Just... how much mana...”

“This is nothing. Hardly even worth mentioning. But for you to give up

here... Hmph. It seems the children of man in this age have grown weak.”

Io Kuzami muttered to herself in discouragement for some unintelligible

reason before dismissing her coil of wind and fire.

“You bitch...”

Slane’s gaze turned exceptionally sinister. He seemed to be under the

impression that Io Kuzami was taking pity on him by releasing her spell.

Little did he know it was no act of kindness.

“Now then, it is about time that we settle this. It seems you have already

spent too much of your mana and can no longer move, after all.”

“Ugh...”

Io Kuzami’s eccentric laughter rang through the arena as she

pronounced Slane’s defeat.

“Let me see... The technique that I shall use to bring you and your fate to

their knees this day shall be... the kick which kills billions.”

“Th-The kick which kills billions...?”

“That’s right. I am the Holy King of the Heavens, Io Kuzami. In the

mere span of the blink of an eye, killing billions is child’s play for me.”

Standing on her side of the arena, Io Kuzami made what was perhaps

her most unbelievable claim yet. Hearing it, both Reiji and Suimei looked at

each other.

“There she goes, Reiji...”

“Hmm... But what does she mean, I wonder? It’s not like she’s suddenly

going to grow a billion feet... right?”

Reiji began trying to guess what Io Kuzami was up to. Surely it was

impossible that her feet would magically multiply exponentially. But the

scariest thing about Io Kuzami was that she did occasionally do the

impossible.

“Hear me, my unseen servants! The time has come to hold a magnificent

banquet right here and now!”

Io Kuzami used her psychokinetic powers to liven up the arena. She then

approached Slane, who was completely spent and immobile from using up

all his mana.

“Man with the receding hairline and brains, behold! Take a glimpse of

the surface of Schwarzchild with this kick of mine! Take this! THE KICK

WHICH KILLS BILLIOOOOONS!”

Io Kuzami lifted her leg behind her and swung, feinting here and there.

Slane tried his best to dodge, but it made no difference. He was at the

complete mercy of her kick. Rather, his family jewels were.

“NOT THEEEEEEEEEEERE!”

Slane’s piteous shriek filled the air as Io Kuzami’s boot connected

squarely with his manhood, causing him to faint in agony. Frothing at the

mouth, he collapsed on the spot.

It was a blow that never should have been used in a duel, but it certainly

got the audience fired up. Plenty of the men in the crowd looked blue in the

face as they reflexively covered their own crotches, but there were also

energetic cheers of “You deserved that!” and “Well done!” coming from all

directions. There was even a small, odd demographic in the audience

whispering things like, “I’m jealous...” and “I want to get kicked like that

too...”

Yet in the midst of the celebrating, there was Reiji, who had his head

cocked curiously to the side.

“But... where does the billions part come in?”

“Come on, Reiji. The number of sperm.”

“Aah, right... What a stupid technique...”

Upon having the significance of the technique’s name explained to him,

Reiji let out a complicated sigh. But Suimei, after doing the explaining,

suddenly furrowed his brow.

“Actually, there shouldn’t even be billions in someone’s testicles...

Realistically speaking, it should be lower than that.”

“Yeah, but... this is Io Kuzami we’re talking about. When has she ever

spoken realistically? It’s just her wild imagination running rampant and

coming out of her mouth.”

“Aaah, yeah. Good point. Of course you’d understand her.”

“Don’t say it like that. You’re making it sound like I’m in league with

her.”

“I’m afraid it’s already too late for us, man.”

“You don’t have to say it. I know.”

And so Reiji planted his face in his hands as the second match came to

an end with Io Kuzami’s victory and loud laughter.

★

A little later, during the third match...

“Bastard, bastard, bastard, BASTAAAAAAAARD!”

There was a stout yell coming from the arena.

“I am one of the Elite Twelve, a glorious noble of the Empire! Just why

should I be subject to a grueling fight with a commoner like you?!”

Despite his angry bellowing, the shouting man’s resolve was starting to

waver as he fell into a swivet.

“Impossible! This is just impossible!”

Of course, the person he was shouting at was his opponent for the

match.

“Man, you’ve really got one easy to read personality, don’t you...?”

Suimei assessed his opponent in an exasperated voice.

Noble Baaldan Dostolf Zegent was currently in the arena of the imperial

military encampment. He was fighting against a commoner from the hero’s