The battle with the demons came to an end, and the calm atmosphere of

the imperial headquarters that was there before the surprise attack had

started to return.

Because they still had to clean up, most of the people there were still

moving about restlessly, but the chaos and danger from the bloodlust in the

air had already vanished.

Since the leaders of the Empire and the main force were in fairly good

health, they hadn’t suffered any major casualties. The soldiers began to

collect themselves quickly, and Felmenia’s efforts and Reiji’s fighting style

were all quite effective.

And so, by the overwhelming power Reiji wielded, the defeated demon

general, Grallajearus, was captured alive. The core which tied its many

consciousnesses together had been cut by Reiji’s sword, and its body had

half collapsed, but it was left alive to be interrogated.

It could be said that Reiji was not gripped by the need to kill, and proof

of that was seen in his reasoning for capturing the demon general. Creating

a wall of soldiers around the back of main large tent, it was clear that escape

or resistance for their prisoner would not be permitted. Despite Reiji’s

strike, which should have been impossible in the first place, the defensive

measures put in place were mostly just a precaution. Naturally, Reiji and the

others were standing at the head of the wall of soldiers, and Reiji had his

sword thrust forward. Coming through the crowd, Reanat stepped forward.

It seemed his orders to the other groups had finally ended. Gorgan and the

other members of the Elite Twelve were together with him, ensuring his

safety. He then spoke to Grallajearus.

“Demon general. Why were you able to strike at our rear?”

“Do you bastards think... we would say anything... that would benefit

you...?”

“So it seems. There is no way you would just honestly answer, is there?

I suppose in that case, it just means we will have to hear it by force.”

As Reanat raised his hand overhead, the Elite Twelve began moving.

And just as he said, they began hurting it, and were likely preparing to

torture it. However, even in that vortex of pain, Grallajearus poured out

scorn in a feeble voice as it wheezed.

“Demon general, what is so laughable?”

“It’s funny... Isn’t it obvious... that it’s funny? To think that we would

give you information, just from pain... You bastard humans are truly... truly

foolish...”

With a sardonic laugh, it showed its intent that it wouldn’t give in. As

Grallajearus continued to let out laughter, Jillbert, who had been listening

nearby, cut into their conversation.

“Isn’t it pointless to ask that kinda thing? Those demons are beings who

think in a different way from us, after all. Even if you threaten them with

violence and torture them, they won’t say anything. Fundamentally, they

don’t know the concept of holding one’s life dear.”

“That’s right! To grant the dearest wish of Evil God Zekaraia, to build

up the honor of Demon Lord Nakshatra, that is the way of us demons! We

fear neither pain nor death!”

After letting out a loud shout, a chorus of laughter rang out. That shrill

noise was certainly none other than the mad laugh of one on the verge of

death. An interrogation was useless. In that case, there was only one thing

to do. Just as Reanat looked towards Reiji asking him to finish it off...

“That’s obvious. If it wasn’t the case, they would be more worthless than

trash.”

A voice came out of nowhere. It was a voice far more severe than even

the rigorous climate of this northern imperial territory. It wasn’t

immediately clear whether it was a man or woman’s voice. It had a certain

beauty to it. And if it hadn’t spoken such harsh words, it would have been

very delightful to listen to. However, that beautiful voice was one Reiji’s

party had heard before. No, there was no way they would forget.

“That voice is...”

“It couldn’t be!”

Forgetting he had a sword pointed at Grallajearus, both Reiji and Titania

raised their voices as they looked towards the source of the voice. And

standing there, with long white hair and the deep red eyes of a fierce god,

was Ilzarl.

“You’re...”

“It has been a while, hero. To think that you would defeat Grallajearus.

It exceeded my expectations, don’t you know?”

Ilzarl’s baffling statement made it sound as if he was delighted over the

defeat of his ally. However, Reiji had different concerns...

“You were watching?”

“Yes, I was spectating. From the very beginning.”

Softly, but with a clearly joyful look, he began laughing. On the other

hand, wondering just who Ilzarl was, Reanat turned to Graziella.

“Lyla, who is...?”

“A demon general. A powerful one...”

“That is a demon...?”

His bewilderment was likely due to the fact that Ilzarl looked more

human than demon. Reanat, the Elite Twelve, and all the Imperial soldiers

began to stir—however, at Graziella’s immediate command, they prepared

their magic and drew their swords. And during that, one person stepped

forward. It was the one who was able to compete with Ilzarl back in the Self

Governed State, Io Kuzami.

“To think you would once more show your face before me, demi-ogre.”

“You have quite the mouth as always, little girl. I will devour you later,

so wait there for now.”

As Io Kuzami and Ilzarl were having their little exchange...

“Is it about time that I come out?”

Another voice rang out from nowhere. As they wondered where that

voice was coming from, a demon casually appeared from Ilzarl’s shadow.

He had blonde hair and bangs lightly hanging over his forehead and a

slender face. Complete with a gloomy atmosphere, he appeared to quite

closely resemble a human, but he had strange horns on his head and a dark

power hanging over him. He was definitely a demon. And as that demon

came out, it suddenly took on rather gentlemanly behavior and bowed

down.

“For the present, allow me to offer you my congratulations. Hero from

the Kingdom of Astel, Reiji Shana. To have reached the blue radiance

beyond the distance that you so desired, allow me to give my heartfelt

pleasure at the good news.”

“Why do you—”

Know my name, and about the blue radiance. As Reiji was about to ask

that, the demon who appeared from the shadow cut him off.

“Aah, I seem to have forgotten my manners. It is a pleasure to meet you.

My name is Lishbaum. I am not a demon general, but I am being allowed to

fulfill a similar role. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”

As he spoke with excessive politeness that one would never use with

one’s enemies, Lishbaum smoothly introduced himself. Reiji couldn’t tell if

he was just showing off his composed attitude, simply had the free time to

introduce himself, or the situation itself was just worthless to him.

“Ilzarl, Lishbaum, why now of all times...?!”

On the other hand, the one to speak up was Grallajearus. There was

definitely anger in its voice as it criticized them for arriving so late.

However, Ilzarl paid it no mind.

“Grallajearus. Do you resent us for not coming to save you? How

foolish. To shift the sin of being too weak onto others, it’s far too gutless an

attitude for a demon general to take.”

“Bastard... You’re saying you’re different from us?”

“Of course. I am not born of the Evil God. It just means my way of

thinking is different.”

While Ilzarl and Grallajearus were having a little dispute, Graziella

shouted out.

“Everyone take your positions! These are not enemies to be

underestimated!”

The soldiers were already prepared for battle, but after receiving

Graziella’s command, they knew not to carelessly move. There were two

enemies on the level of demon generals before them. Furthermore, they had

just finished going through a difficult battle.

“Mere offerings, you want to have a go?”

As Ilzarl fearlessly pointed his fangs at them, Reiji yelled back.

“It won’t go like last time!”

“Don’t get conceited just because you defeated Grallajearus. Well, that

female mage and dwarf over there both seem like they’d be worth eating,

though...”

“I’m your opponent!”

As Ilzarl focused on Felmenia and Jillbert, Reiji pointed his orichalcum

sword at him. And just as the battle was about to start...

“I don’t particularly mind going at it with you here, but— Hmm?”

“Heh. A hindrance, is it—”

Just as Ilzarl and Lishbaum seemed to notice something, they suddenly

leaped back. And immediately following that, from the clear blue sky, a

lightning-like flash struck the ground between Reiji and Ilzarl. A tremor

occurred from the powerful strike, and a cloud of dust kicked up. And

eventually, from within that dust, a single man with green hair and silver

horns — Eanru, appeared.

Seeing those white clothes which resembled traditional Japanese

clothing, Jillbert suddenly yelled out in anger.

“You damn dragonnewt! Why the hell did you come here?! This ain’t

your damn post, you know?!”

“Eh, it’s nothing. I ended up finishing up over there quickly, you see. I

heard something interesting was going to happen, so I came running over.

But to think it would be on this level, huh!”

Saying that, Eanru’s fearless smile grew even more. It was like he struck

gold. As Reiji and the others were completely confused by the appearance

of someone they didn’t know, a voice they did recognize came running

over.

“Don’t just run off on your own, dammit!”

“I found something interesting, so my reflex kicked in.”

And in the direction Eanru was speaking, they could see Suimei’s figure.

Seeing this, Reiji yelled towards him.

“Suimei!”

“Oh great, I just came back, and now it seems something outrageous is

—”

And just as Suimei was trying to talk, a powerful rage began swelling

from the other side. It was coming from the direction that Reiji and the

others were just confronting, from where the one who resembled a fierce

god, Ilzarl, was standing.

His bright eyes further flared up, and he let out a hair-raising pressure

that shocked up everyone’s skin. And the one on the receiving end of that

gaze filled with anger was definitely the green haired dragonnewt, Eanru.

“Bastard, the Silver Dew...”

“Ha, HAHAHAHAHA! How long it’s been! It’s truly been a long time,

maneater! To think you’re still alive. Contrary to expectations, you’re quite

tenacious! What? Did you have cold meals in the back regions of the north

to survive?”

This fierce god’s anger was matched with a pleasant laugh from Eanru.

Seeing that attitude, the sound of Ilzarl grinding his teeth could be heard as

he expressed his severe anger. As for Reiji and the others, seeing an

opponent who held boundless composure against them break down in rage

left them completely perplexed. After coming here, unknown people were

just appearing on their own one after the other, so it couldn’t be helped that

they were confused. In any case, as Eanru showed Ilzarl a ferocious smile.

“How fortunate. To think I would be able to meet you. Though it is

unexpected that you are together with those pests.”

“I am also fortunate. I can finally return the debt that I owe you.”

The two shot off sparks at each other. One was showing joy at their

reunion—no, rematch—while the other was filled with rage while wiping

aside his drool. From the way they were talking, they already knew each

other well, and it was certain that there was some history between them. As

their tremendous fighting spirits clashed against one another, Reiji casually

called out to Suimei out of habit.

“Suimei... Suimei?”

He called out, but Suimei didn’t reply. As Reiji looked at him, he was

simply staring at a single point. Reiji thought Suimei was bound in place by

the terrifying collision of fighting spirit—but in truth, Suimei was

completely ignoring it. Yes, because a far greater existence than those two

was right before his eyes.

“Is something the matter? You look like you’ve seen a ghost. Did

something that unexpected happen?”