Suddenly, a voice came out from nowhere, and Reiji and the others

couldn’t tell who was speaking for a moment. All they could hear was a

deep, cold, but youthful voice of a man. But Reiji remembered hearing that

voice somewhere before. It hadn’t been all that long since he was just

talking to the owner of that voice. Yes, the one who was talking was the

demon named Lishbaum.

“Why are you...”

It was a puzzled and shocked mutter. Just as he said, it was a voice

gripped by fear like he had seen a ghost. And the one who did so was none

other than Suimei, who had completely stiffened up as he looked at

Lishbaum.

“Why are you here...? No, why are you alive... Kudrack the Ghosthide?”

“Kudrack?”

“Ghost...hide?”

As Suimei said that name towards Lishbaum, both Reiji and Ilzarl

reacted. They both knit their brows at the name they had never heard

before. It was a completely different name from the one Lishbaum

introduced himself to Reiji with. And with a completely different tone than

when he spoke with Reiji, the deep and cold voice of the man rang out.

“It’s been a long time, Yakagi Suimei. Shocked? I bet you must be. I

should have been obliterated by you back then, after all.”

As if satisfied by Suimei’s shocked face, Lishbaum let out a weak,

stifled laugh. And in response...

“...What does this mean? Why are you alive? Why do you have that

form?”

“That is the obvious question, isn’t it...? But unraveling it so simply just

isn’t amusing.”

“Don’t fucking joke around!”

Suimei yelled strongly with wrath, but Lishbaum didn’t answer him. On

the other hand, Ilzarl looked at Lishbaum with a skeptical gaze.

“Lishbaum, is that offering a damn acquaintance of yours?”

As Ilzarl asked, in a complete change, Lishbaum replied in an

excessively polite tone like he did earlier.

“Yes. That is the man who served as the trigger for me coming to this

place.”

“The trigger to bring you here, you say?”

“Yes.”

As Lishbaum nodded, Ilzarl couldn’t understand. On the other hand,

Suimei’s anger increased from being ignored, and he let out an even louder

voice than before.

“Kudrack... Fucking answer me!”

“Don’t be in such a rush, Starfall. It simply ended up that I’m fighting

on the demons’ side. Isn’t that all you need to know? What else is there that

you need other than that? The goal that I mean to achieve in battle... Don’t

you already understand it completely?”

That was certainly true. Suimei’s history with this man was deep, and he

knew it well. Lishbaum’s, no, Kudrack the Ghosthide’s reason for fighting.

No matter where he was or what he was doing, there was only one goal. In

that case...

“...Then why are you on the demons’ side fighting in such a poor way?

If your goal is the same as it was before, just what the hell are you thinking,

making them move like that? Are you seriously motivated?”

“Of course I am. Now, just as before, my dearest wish has not changed.”

“Then why...?”

“Am I using tactics which pointlessly waste demons, is it? Let’s see. I’m

certainly doing that. Surely, my actions right now must seem baffling to

you.”

In a complete change from his faint smile, Lishbaum began laughing

gloomily with a shadow behind his words. And after calming down...

“I guess it’s fine to unravel it here. It seems you’re not the only one who

wants to hear it, after all.”

Saying that, Lishbaum glanced over at Ilzarl and began explaining.

“Starfall. I do believe you already know this, but the demons are a race

born of the Evil God. Just like all divinity, the Evil God pressures other

faiths antagonistically while increasing the number of pawns it has. And in

building up its power to interfere with the world, it ever so gradually

increases the number of its pawns even more. That could even be

considered its job.”

“You’re saying it’s the same as any other god?”

“That’s right. However, even if it does well in increasing its number of

pawns, eventually a problem comes up. The pawns born of its weak power

in the beginning are unable to keep up with the changes surrounding them.

And gradually, they become more and more obsolete. But even if they

create new ones, eventually the numbers cap out, and seats remain filled by

the weaker, previously created ones. Then—”

To improve that situation, just what should one do?

Just from that one word, Suimei figured it all out, and shock appeared on

his face as he muttered.

“Wha— Then it’s not about increasing resources. You’re working to

open up spots after reaching capacity...?”

“That’s exactly it. So to speak, it’s like a strategy-type adventure game.

At the beginning, you can only afford poor soldiers due to the low

municipal and military levels. But as you progress in level, you can gather

much better soldiers. Then, in that case, it’s just a matter of where to send

those low level soldiers. It’s just the fate of useless demons is all.”

Suimei continued to gaze in wonder at the lich. The fate of the demons.

After saying so much, that answer wasn’t difficult to arrive at. In a strategy

game, one would either just overwrite the data of those soldiers while in the

city building part, or just send them on a suicide attack to free up space. But

this wasn’t a game, it was reality. Even so, if that was being overlooked...

“So they’re not your allies...”

“Didn’t you already know? As I desire to purify the world, it’s

impossible for me to have any true allies. All living things, great or small,

are the same muck and filth to me, after all.”

“But you still follow something weaker than you?”

“That’s not the case. That which I follow is an existence worthy of my

devotion.”

That— From that word, it was either the Evil God, or perhaps the

Demon Lord. In any case, it was unrelated to the matter at hand. As Suimei

finished asking everything he wanted to ask, all that was left was to head

towards the decisive battle, and he kneaded his mana. He already didn’t

care at all about concealing it before Reiji.

In the worst case, it was possible that they would be completely

annihilated right where they were. As Suimei began gathering mana that

surpassed the force with which Felmenia was doing so earlier, Felmenia

yelled out to him.

“Suimei-dono!”

“Stay back! This guy isn’t some half-assed demon! He’s one of those

immortal liches I told you about earlier!”

Hearing those words, Felmenia was able to figure it out. Last time they

had a lesson, when they were talking about the ether body, he told her about

those who released themselves from death. As she swallowed her saliva

hard, he could see the tension in her face. As the air further filled with the

thirst for blood, even Ilzarl had a surprised face. As for Lishbaum, who had

all that mana pointed towards him, he was stroking his jaw.

“You don’t have any allies you can depend on today, you know?

Alzbayne’s doll princess, Gerard the Melkia, and Beatorex aren’t here,

right?”

“Even so, I won’t step down.”

“That’s right. That’s what makes you Starfall. An opponent like you

who’s bad at giving up is most suitable to me.”

Saying that, Lishbaum took on an attitude like he was accepting the

challenge, but in the next instant, his attitude suddenly changed.

“Well, I didn’t come here to fight today, though.”

“What?”

As if waiting for Suimei’s question, Lishbaum made a broad grin that

spread to the corners of his face. And as he turned around, forming ranks in

front of his gaze was the wall of imperial soldiers. It was foolish to even ask

what he was about to do. He was the Greed of Ten. He had no compassion

towards humans. He had no compassion towards any living being.

“You can’t be— STOOOOOOOOOOOP!”

“Phase Severance.”

Immediately following that keyword, the air was divided in two. A

boundary line appeared in the air and slipped the two pieces apart. It was

just as if everything in the air was drawn over with a pen in a single line and

separated top from bottom. And the portion covered by that line was the

majority of the imperial encampment. It was none other than the imperial

soldiers. And they fell. Heads. Heads. Heads. In an instant, heads all over

went tumbling to the ground. It was just like a really bad joke. The slipping

piece of air was right at the level of a human’s neck, and everything above

it, the tents, the hills behind it, everything was split in two and slipped to

the side.

“Ri... Ridiculous.”

“No way...”

The only ones to escape from harm were those near Suimei, his

companions, Reiji’s party, Eanru and Jillbert, Reanat, and the Elite Twelve.

Seeing that excessively bizarre scenery and the dreadful power which

manifested it, Graziella and Reiji muttered, completely dumbfounded. And

during that, the one to yell and raise his voice, as one would expect, was

Suimei.

“KUDRACK, YOU FUCKEEEEER!”

“What are you getting so angry for, Starfall? I saved them, you know? I

saved those caught in the fetters of suffering that is this earthly life, and this

many of them! So many of them! Death is salvation! It’s the salvation

beyond all other means!”

“Doing that kinda crap! Do you intend on acting like a fucking god?!”

“A god? That’s wrong. I’m not that kind of being. From beginning to

end, I am a human who bears the sins of the world. I will take up the sins of

all living beings! Yes! The one who bears all sin! Haha, Hahaha,

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Lishbaum let out a truly insane laugh.

“That which saves all living things! I’ll show that I can remove all the

muck! Throughout the entire world! Without leaving a scrap!”

As Lishbaum finished loudly yelling into the air, he made a complete

change, as if a switch was flipped.

“Now then, it’s over. Let’s withdraw. Aah, I forgot something.”

“Lish...baum.”

“Grallajearus, your role has come to an end. Go back to His side.”

“BASTAAAAAAAAAAARD!”

“What are you so angry for? It’s the Evil God’s side, you know? You

have finished your duty and are now returning to where you came from. I

don’t think there’s anything greater than that for you.”

“Do you think Nakshatra-sama would permit such a—”

“The lord told me to do as I like. The weak have no qualifications to live

in this world. As a demon, you understand that, do you not?”

Hearing that, Grallajearus could no longer talk. A demon who should

have no fear of death was feeling irrepressible feelings of despair at being

abandoned by the Demon Lord.

“Heh, heh... FUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

His loud laughter once more rang out. And at the same time, his magicka

was activated, and Grallajearus was crushed by the two phases pushing

together, annihilated. Thus, all demons aside from Lishbaum and Ilzarl

vanished from the imperial encampment.

“Now then, I will yield this as a victory to the hero and the Empire.

Well, this is more of a draw due to injury, though.”

Though to him, it wasn’t an injury at all. They were going to recreate all

the demons. If it was their plan from the beginning to have them all vanish,

it didn’t matter how many of them died.

“Kudrack...”

“Yakagi Suimei. I will settle the score with you one day. However, this

is not the stage for that. At any rate, I shall prepare a suitable battlefield for

our fight. Until then, run at full speed as you chase the mysteries, and polish

that dream that you all desire so much.”

And then, Lishbaum hummed those words...

Those who call forth tears, remember. In this world, there is no rain of

sorrow that cannot be cleared away. Those who carry anguish, remember.

In this world, there is no blaze of pain that cannot be extinguished. We

magicians of the Society, in the name of the Magicka King Nestahaim, for

the sake of granting the wish that anybody desires...

“Yes. No matter where I am, I will show you that I can erase everything