Presently, there was a slight tension filling the air in the alleyway where

the Yakagi residence was located in the Nelferian Empire. However, it

wasn’t the kind of tension that preceded a fight or heralded some ominous

turn of events. To draw a comparison, it was more like the moment during a

summoning spell where the summoner confronts the summoned devil. It

was the tension of two powerful forces sizing each other up.

And those two powerful forces in this case happened to be Yakagi

Suimei and the girl standing before him. She wore fingerless gloves and a

red muffler over top of her school uniform. Fashion-wise, it certainly gave

off a strong impression. She also had long, glossy black hair, and a

charming face with large, round eyes. This was Suimei’s good friend, Anou

Mizuki. Or at least, she was supposed to be. The tension between the two of

them suggested something was amiss. But that wasn’t all.

Mizuki had black eyes, but this girl stared down Suimei with her odd

eyes—one black and one gold. Mizuki always wore a gentle smile, but this

girl wore the provoking smile of a fiend. Indeed, something had come over

her. She was different. Yes, right now, she was Io Kuzami—or so she called

herself.

Just how long had they been standing there like this? Suimei and Io

Kuzami’s gazes simply collided in silence. Eventually, she made an

exasperated expression like she’d grown tired of waiting.

“So, isn’t it about time that you let me through?”

“...Frankly, I don’t want to let some weirdo like you into my house.”

“Hmph!”

At Suimei’s declaration, Io Kuzami’s face became stern. It wasn’t all

that surprising, really. She was a being whose true nature was completely

unknown, so Suimei’s grievances with her were quite understandable.

However, it was also understandable that she’d be somewhat irked over it.

And she was just about to say something about it when...

“But... it’s not like I can just turn you away.”

As if implying that he would allow her inside after all, Suimei turned to

go into the house himself. It certainly didn’t sit right with him to let such a

suspicious being into his home, but nothing would come of continuing this

stalemate. And if he drove her away here, he would lose the chance to learn

anything about her. That wasn’t a price he was willing to pay.

Suimei wanted to know just what she was and ascertain whether or not

she would cause any harm. In order to come to such conclusions, he’d have

to observe her. He’d have to analyze everything she said and did. And to

that end, things would just be simpler if he let her inside. But Io Kuzami

broke out in mocking laughter at his behavior.

“You’re quite a conundrum for a human, aren’t you, bastard? Despite

wanting to live a simplistic life, you can’t help but be drawn in by the

darkness of theory and mystery. Aren’t you just going to get yourself in

trouble that way?”

“Shut it. What kind of magician doesn’t entrench himself in theory and

mystery? Puzzling over every little thing to arrive at your own conclusion...

That’s where magicka first takes shape, right? Consider curiosity an

occupational disease. Denying me that would be like denying me food.”

Suimei spoke somewhat bluntly out of irritation, but Io Kuzami was

unchanged. She continued speaking in her own frivolous way and narrowed

her eyes at him.

“So? Will you let me inside or not?”

“...Is it true that you mean no harm?”

“I hate idle chatter.”

“That’s rich, coming from someone who spouts meaningless crap all

they want.”

“Hmph. If I meant you harm, I would have taken action while you were

all none the wiser. Don’t you understand that much without me having to

explain every little detail?”

“I’m just making sure. If you’re not going to tell me everything, I at

least want to hear you say you’re not going to do anything.”

“Do you really think I would lie?”

“That’s why I’m saying I want to hear it straight from the horse’s

mouth.”

The reason Suimei was being so persistent was to keep Io Kuzami in

check. In this kind of uneven exchange, she didn’t even have to lie to have

him at a disadvantage. All she had to do was keep silent. That’s why Suimei

had to pin her down and make her say that she meant no harm. If she were a

pure spirit, lying should be beneath her. And eventually, she shrunk back

like she was relenting.

“I have no intention of bringing harm upon you bastards. If I did, I

wouldn’t have saved them.”

“Then let me ask you: what are you getting out of all this?”

“To accept my kindness so ungraciously... You’re quite a pill, aren’t

you?”

“That’s my job. Reiji and Mizuki are good people, so I have to be the

one who’s distrusting.”

“My, even the parts of you that aren’t softhearted are naive.”

With that, Io Kuzami let out a delighted laugh as Suimei bitterly

clenched his jaw and turned away. He then raised his hand and beckoned

her over with a single finger. Seeing this gesture, she declared him insolent,

but complied nonetheless. He really couldn’t get a read on her.

“...”

Suimei casually peeked out of the corner of his eye at the cats loitering

in the alleyway. They were naturally sensitive to the presence of evil spirits,

and would react to any threat that Io Kuzami posed. But they simply

continued lounging, playing, and meowing as she approached. At the very

least, that had to mean that Mizuki wasn’t possessed by the devil. That

alleviated one of Suimei’s worries, but there were still other dark

possibilities, so he had to keep his guard up. As Suimei walked with Io

Kuzami inside and showed her to the living room, he realized everyone was

there but Liliana.

“Menia, where’s Liliana?”

“Lily is in the middle of getting her cat refresher. It seems she took

several of them to her room to play with.”

“I see.”

After being away from her feline friends for so long, Liliana wanted to

play and cuddle with them as much as she could.

“Well, even if everyone is not gathered, I do not particularly mind.”

“Why are you suddenly acting so damn self-important?”

After being let in, Io Kuzami was acting excessively haughty again.

Suimei was simply unable to hold in his astonishment in her wake. He

looked at her questioningly, as if to ask what the hell she was talking about.

But that ignited a smirk on her face. One that was perhaps the first flash of a

very dangerous fire.

“You hear me, my worthy rival? I am greatness incarnate. I surpass any

and all, even in the extremities of this universe. You shall show me the

respect one would show their master. Rather, I will deign to allow you the

privilege of doing so once every ten days. I won’t ask you to lick my

buttocks, but I will at least allow you to lick the dirt off the soles of my

shoes.”

“Who’s going to lick what now? Listen, if you want people groveling for

you, go found a new religion or something. You’d get much better results.”

“Ooh! That is also a grand idea. Behold, bastards. You stand on the cusp,

the eve of a new religion. The organization’s name will be the Cult of the

Dark Mother... No, Children of the Third Law of—”

“Hey, enough! Just stop! There’s so much wrong with this!”

“What are you saying? Were you not the one who told me to do so?”

“I didn’t mean to actually go out and do it, damn it.”

Even as Suimei yelled, Io Kuzami indulged in spinning her nonsense

with alarming fluency. Suimei gave her all manner of looks—imploring

ones, dirty ones, judgmental ones. But all she did was continue to smirk in

dark satisfaction like she was toying with him.

“Are you listening? When I addressed you, it was as a worthy opponent.

In other words, a rival. Do you honestly believe that I would simply bend to

a rival’s wishes?”

“AAAAAH! Talking to you feels like beating my head against a wall,

daaamn iiiiit!”

Even Suimei was at his wits’ end trying to have a conversation with Io

Kuzami. And the fact that she was making it difficult on purpose only made

it worse. Witnessing this exchange between them, Felmenia and Lefille

were both staring in agape wonderment.

“It’s something, isn’t it?”

“It certainly is...”

They had never seen anyone play Suimei so. Gaius and Rumeya had

been able to get the better of him from time to time, but this was something

else altogether. In the middle of observing it, Felmenia posed a puzzled

question to the frustrated Suimei.

“Um, Suimei-dono... Just what was it that caused Mizuki-dono to end up

like this?”

“That’s... I don’t really know myself, but she’ll probably stay this way

until she goes back to normal.”

“I-I see...”

Suimei’s somewhat defeated answer was quite out of character for him.

It sounded like he was just throwing his hands up in the air. Felmenia didn’t

quite know how to respond and simply gave an acquiescing reply.

Meanwhile, Reiji was scratching his head and muttering, “What did she

call it? My dark history? My dark history... Hahaha...”

Suimei understood his pain all too well, but the girls—Titania included

—barely knew what to make of all this.

“Anyway... Shall we talk in detail about what went on after we split

up?”

“Yeah, let’s. I also think that’s what we should be prioritizing here.”

“Indeed. Then let us begin, bastards.”

“That’s enough from you already! Just take a damn seat!”

Io Kuzami took her seat at Suimei’s shouting, and he began to tell the

story of what had happened since they’d seen each other last.